2016-12-03
Apple: Project Titan Far From Dead  Is Apple Inc. Going to Dump Intel Corporation in the iPhone? Analyst Tom Sepenzis with Northland Capital Markets (via Barron's) published a research note in which he points out that "several reports over the past month" have revealed that the Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) modem that Apple uses in some of its iPhone 7 models is inferior to the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) modem used in other versions.

"Apple has apparently throttled the speeds on the [Qualcomm] models to keep the experience across carriers, with the [Qualcomm] X12 modem capable of 600 mb/s while the [Intel] XMM 3360 modem tops out at 450 mb/s," the analyst writes (the Intel modem used is the XMM 7360, not 3360).

The analyst further goes on to state that, "while Apple will certainly keep a second source if possible, it isn't going to do so for too long if it has to handicap half of its devices."

Sepenzis also points out that Intel's next modem, known as the XMM 7480, "is capped at 450 mb/s" and that Qualcomm's current X16 modem can already hit speeds of 1 gigabit (1,000 megabits) per second.

Qualcomm's superior modem technology, the analyst argues, "should give [Qualcomm] a path toward recapturing all of Apple over the next two years if Intel doesn't find an answer."

Although this reasoning is quite plausible, I don't expect Intel to be completely designed out of the iPhone anytime soon. Here's why.

Apple likely knows what Intel and Qualcomm have in the pipeline

I believe that Apple knows what both Intel and Qualcomm have in their respective modem pipelines for several years out, at least. Both companies are trying to get their modems designed into future Apple products, and those design-in decisions need to be made well in advance of product going into production.

Apple chose to source stand-alone modems from Intel for the iPhone 7/7 Plus, knowing full well that Intel's XMM 7360 is a less featured solution than Qualcomm's X12 modem. Apple also probably knew that the XMM 7480 would also lag the Qualcomm X12 in terms of key capabilities and couldn't come close to the X16.

Yet, knowing all of this, Apple still did the work to design Intel's XMM 7360 into the iPhone 7/7 Plus.

What to expect going forward

There is significant evidence to suggest that Apple is going to start more aggressively segmenting its iPhone product family. Next year, for example, Apple is expected to release two iPhone models with liquid crystal displays alongside a "premium" iPhone with a curved OLED display.

In a prior article, I suggested that a good way for Apple to differentiate the OLED iPhone would be to use more advanced modem technology than what the more mainstream models use.

Under such a strategy, Apple would probably want to keep component costs low on the cheaper iPhone models to keep those devices highly profitable. Using older-generation Qualcomm modems as well as Intel modems (which I expect Intel sells cheaply) would be a reasonable way to keep costs down.

For higher-end models that sell for more, using premium Qualcomm modems (and related components) would make sense, since the higher price could support a richer bill of materials cost.

Such a scenario wouldn't mean a return to 100% iPhone modem share for Qualcomm, but it would allow the wireless chip giant to capture substantially more unit and revenue share than Intel will probably be able to.

That is, unless Intel can find a way to close the modem technology gap between itself and Qualcomm, though that seems unlikely to happen in the foreseeable future. 
2016-01-23
Good Would Be Great for Apple, Inc. Next Week Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) finds itself in an unfamiliar position ahead of its fiscal first-quarter earnings report on Tuesday afternoon.

Typically, expectations are so high that if Apple meets (but doesn't beat) its guidance, investors are extremely disappointed. By contrast, its shares have fallen nearly 30% in the past six months and trade for less than 10 times forward earnings. This shows just how skeptical many investors are about Apple's near- and long-term prospects.

With expectations as low as they are, even merely "good" results and guidance from Apple could be great for its stock. Despite all the doom and gloom spread by Apple pundits, the company should be able to meet this low bar.

iPhone sales solid -- not spectacular

A series of recent guidance cuts by a wide range of Apple suppliers has led to some dire iPhone sales forecasts from Apple analysts. However, Apple CEO Tim Cook has repeatedly stressed that it's easy to misunderstand supply chain data.

In this case, while Apple does seem to be reducing its production plans, it's not clear from what level it is cutting production. For example, it could be that Apple over-ordered components ahead of the iPhone 6s launch to cope with a potential surge in demand and it is now expecting flattish sales.

That's a far cry from what many Apple analysts expect. In recent weeks, several analysts have projected that iPhone sales could be flat or down in the recently ended first quarter and could decline as much as 20% in Q2.

Usage data do imply that sales of Apple's flagship iPhones may be down by 20% or so in the U.S. and other developed markets compared to sales of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus a year ago. However, there is growing evidence that these declines are being offset to some extent by higher sales of older iPhones.

Meanwhile, despite widespread worries about China's slowing economy, iPhones seem to be as popular as ever there. Earlier this month, analysts at Stifel estimated based on official Chinese government data that non-Android smartphone sales rose 33% (or 6 million units) year over year last quarter. The iPhone probably represents the vast majority of those sales.

Furthermore, top Chinese wireless carrier China Mobile (NYSE:CHL) added a record 64.7 million 4G subscribers last quarter. The iPhone has always been a key part of China Mobile's strategy to move customers to pricier 4G data plans. China Mobile's 4G user base has grown along with the explosion in Apple's sales in China, so further increases there are a bullish sign for iPhone sales.

No reason for panic

Back in October, Apple projected that revenue would reach $75.5 billion-$77.5 billion in Q1. Analysts currently expect Apple's quarterly revenue to end up near the middle of that range.

However, since revising its guidance policy about three years ago, Apple's revenue has always beaten the midpoint of the guidance range. More often than not, Apple has even exceeded the high end of its guidance -- often by billions of dollars. This makes the current analyst consensus seem quite conservative.

It's not hard to imagine Apple beating its revenue guidance again when it reports earnings next week. The decline in flagship iPhone sales in the U.S. and other developed countries is likely to be fully offset by strong sales in China and higher sales of older models. Depending on how much Apple increased its channel inventory during the quarter, it likely sold 75-80 million iPhones.

Meanwhile, non-iPhone revenue probably grew by double digits. The introduction of the Apple Watch last April is the key driver of non-iPhone revenue growth, but the updated Apple TV, the new Apple Music service, and rising App Store sales also likely made meaningful contributions.

Apple will probably project a revenue decline for Q2. However, as long as it posts revenue at or above the high end of its guidance for Q1, it can afford a modest revenue decline in Q2 while still posting first-half revenue that's at least as good as its record results from last year.

By Apple's lofty standards, such an earnings report would be good but certainly not great. But considering how gloomy investor sentiment has gotten, an earnings report like this would be great news for the stock. 1 Massive Competitive Issue Apple Inc. Could Face in Fiscal Year 2017 At this point, investor expectations are quite low for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal year 2016, as the company's iPhone 6s/6s Plus have seemingly failed to generate enough customer interest to keep iPhone sales flat, let alone grow, for the year.

I believe part of the problem is the very difficult year-over-year comparisons Apple will have to face during the fiscal year, but another part of it is that Apple didn't quite deliver a big enough improvement relative to the prior generation phones in ways that mattered to consumers.

One area where Apple has routinely impressed, particularly vis-a-vis the competition, is with its chip designs. Over the last few generations, Apple has delivered clearly leadership processor architectures and has been the first to migrate its applications processors to new chip manufacturing technologies, giving it a nice edge over the competition.

However, there is one potential competitive issue that Apple's iPhone 7 could face mid-cycle that investors should keep a close eye on.

Top Android vendors could transition to 10-nanometer chips while Apple stays on 16FF+

Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) was the first company to ship smartphones with 14-nanometer silicon with the Galaxy S6. Apple followed about five months later, being the second major user of Samsung's 14-nanometer chip manufacturing technology and the first major user of TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology with both the A9 and the A9X in the iPad Pro.

Apple is expected to, once again, utilize TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology to build the A10 chip that will power the iPhone 7/7 Plus (and it is widely reported that TSMC will be the sole source, here). I believe that thanks to significant architectural enhancements, Apple should be able to deliver a nice performance boost over the A9 and ultimately performance leadership.

However, it would seem that there is a reasonable chance that Apple's iPhone 7/7 Plus could fall behind in applications processor power/performance mid-cycle.

Both TSMC and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) claim they will enter mass production on their respective 10-nanometer chip manufacturing processes by the end of 2016. Although I do think Apple could be one of the first customers of this process, there is a reasonable chance that Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) -- hungry to try to enable its customers to grab share from Apple at the high end of the smartphone market -- could launch a 10-nanometer Snapdragon processor during the first half of the year.

In this case, a number of Android vendors could roll out products using 10-nanometer-based processors, affording them a potentially significant performance/power advantage over Apple's iPhone 7/7 Plus phones for a period of several months.

That said, it takes some time to go from production start to products on the shelves

If we look back at statements made by TSMC on its Jan. 2014 earnings call, management said its 20-nanometer process had begun mass production. The first product based on this technology, the Qualcomm MDM9x35 stand-alone modem, didn't arrive in commercially available devices until mid-2015.

More importantly, though, it wasn't until the third quarter of 2014 that TSMC reported that a material portion of its revenue came from sales of 20-nanometer wafers, which was almost certainly due to the iPhone 6/6 Plus ramp (Apple's A8 chip was the first major chip built on this technology).

This makes sense if you think about the time it takes to go from wafer production start to wafers being shipped to customers (in this case, Apple).

The typical time it takes for a wafer to go from "blank" wafer to fully processed is around three months, with this time increasing as process technologies become more complex; TSMC says that at 16-nanometer, it's more along the lines of 1.5 quarters, or four-and-a-half months.

If we assume that wafers on 10-nanometer go in on Dec. 31, and if we assume an even longer cycle time (the formal term for the time it takes from wafer in to processed wafer out) of around two quarters, then we shouldn't expect shipments of 10-nanometer product to customers until around mid-2016.

Which, unsurprisingly, is exactly when Apple is expected to be well into the builds of its iPhone 7s/7s Plus to support a launch in the fall of 2017.

It really depends on when 10-nanometer goes into production

If Samsung and/or TSMC begin 10-nanometer production in, say, October of 2016, then I could see Android flagships getting the proverbial "jump" on Apple vis-a-vis Qualcomm aggressively pushing to a 10-nanometer Snapdragon.

However, if it's more along the lines of a production start for major customers in very late 2016, then Apple should be right there at the bleeding edge of the transition from 16-nanometer to 10-nanometer. 
2016-04-09
Apple Inc. iPhone SE Review: An Excellent Mid-Range Smartphone Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) long-anticipated 4-inch iPhone refresh, dubbed the iPhone SE, is now available for purchase in many countries and, by the end of May, should be out in 110 countries, according to the iDevice maker.

The phone is targeted at two main audiences. The first is the set of smartphone buyers/iPhone owners who simply don't want larger phones but do want excellent performance and features in a compact package. The second is the set of folks who want iPhones but can't afford (or simply don't want to pay for) higher-priced, larger-screen iPhones.

The iPhone SE brings virtually all of the internal horsepower of the iPhone 6s to a 4-inch package, which should satisfy the first set of buyers. The device also starts at $399 without a contract, with the price moving up to $499 for the model with 64 gigabytes of storage.

It's definitely "budget" as far as iPhones go, but is it a bargain? Let's take a closer look.

Fantastic performance

The iPhone SE packs an A9 processor (Apple's fastest smartphone chip) and two gigabytes of zippy LPDDR4 memory. In performance tests, it performs identically to the iPhone 6s/6s Plus   arguably the fastest smartphones on the market today, particularly in CPU performance.

In real-world usage, the SE doesn't disappoint. Even the most demanding of 3D mobile games run extremely smoothly, no doubt as a result of the uber-fast A9 chip driving a relatively low-resolution 1136-by-640 display. "Performance per pixel" is off the charts as far as smartphones go.

The zippy CPU performance translates into an excellent web-surfing experience, something that I do quite frequently with my smartphones.

Solid rear camera; no opinion on the "selfie cam"

The rear shooter is identical to the one found on the iPhone 6s. Although the 6s' camera has been outclassed by a few Android flagships, the camera is still one of the best in the mobile industry. In a $650-plus flagship, not being the absolute best is worth criticizing, but in a $399-$499 phone, having a camera this solid is awesome.

As far as the front-facing camera, or the "selfie" cam goes, I don't take selfies and very rarely do video calls, so I have no opinion on it. That said, if this were a high-priced flagship, the relatively low 1.2 megapixel selfie cam would probably be a problem, but in a budget iPhone that gives the user so much elsewhere? I think this can be forgiven. And, after all, Apple has to make sure that there are still reasons to buy up to the higher-priced flagships.

The display is ancient but passable

The display is the same exact panel that first made its debut with the iPhone 5 in late 2012, meaning that it's north of three years old now. It's not a bad display by any means (it was stunning for a mobile device back in 2012), and I am sure that Apple is using it because it's very cheap to produce at this point, but it's noticeably less pleasing to the eye than the panels found on the iPhone 6/6s families of devices.

Compared to other mid-range Android smartphones in the same price class as the iPhone (say, the Nexus 5X), the display on the SE is outdated. Sadly, the same can probably be truthfully said for the displays on flagship iPhones -- Apple needs to step up its iPhone display game across the board.

Is 4 inches too small?

In today's world, large phones are all the rage, with virtually all major handset manufacturers -- save for Apple -- seemingly abandoning the notion of a high-performance, "small" smartphone. Personally, I quite like the ability to comfortably operate the device with just one hand without having to resort to the crutches like "reachability" that Apple implemented in the iPhone 6 series and beyond.

Web surfing is still a good experience, though arguably better on a larger device. Ditto for watching TV shows and video clips.

The iPhone SE could be good enough to be my main smartphone until the iPhone 7/7 Plus arrive. After using the device for a couple more weeks, I'll make my final decision as to whether I want to sell off my iPhone 6s and continue to use the SE until the new flagships sail on in. Report: TSMC to Ramp Production of Intel Corp. Modem for Apple Inc. iPhone According to analyst Steve Mullane with BlueFin Research Partners (via Barron's), contract chip manufacturer TSMC (NYSE:TSM) is "planning to double the production starts" of Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) XMM 7360 LTE modem in the current quarter.

The analyst says that this "correlates with the timing of the [Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)] A10 processor production ramp in preparation for the iPhone 7 launch in September." The production quantities, the analyst writes, support BlueFin's "projection of a minority share of approximately 30% of the modem market share of the iPhone 7."

Although I have been publicly very skeptical of Intel potentially winning share in the iPhone 7, BlueFin's track record is solid and the claims they are making here are quite concrete. Intel may very well have won some share at Apple.

Some more potential evidence

I have noticed that Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) has been running a series of ads in which they claim that their modems are superior to an unnamed "Team Blue's" modems -- an obvious reference to Intel. It strikes me as odd that Qualcomm would bother wasting marketing dollars on such advertisements if the company didn't see Intel as a threat.

At this point, I am sure Apple has let Qualcomm know about what kinds of quantities of modems it expects to order for the next iPhone, and if those quantities are substantially lower, then Qualcomm should "know" that they have lost some share at Apple.

A couple of observations

Even as evidence seems to mount that Intel has won some share in the iPhone, I can't help but wonder how Apple is going to deal with some of the real headaches that will surely result.

My guess is that for phones sold in North America and other regions in which CDMA is popular and wireless specs are important, Apple will use Qualcomm exclusively. In regions in which, perhaps, such features are unimportant to potential buyers, the iPhones with either Intel or Qualcomm modems could be sold.

That said, even if Apple can get around the fact that the Qualcomm and Intel modems that it will apparently be using won't hit the same specifications, there is also the potential issue of the Intel-powered models coming in with worse battery life as a result of a modem built on an older manufacturing process.

It sounds pretty challenging to me, but if Apple is serious about having a second source for LTE modems, "nurturing" Intel like this -- even at the expense of added supply chain complexity and other issues -- might be the best move for the long-term.

Looking out to the future

Another thing that's a little concerning is that, looking out to the future, Intel's competitive positioning seems to worsen relative to Qualcomm. Okay, so Intel wins some iPhone 7 share this year -- what happens next year?

Intel has already announced the XMM 7480 LTE modem -- the successor to the XMM 7360. This modem doesn't even have the performance/feature set of the Qualcomm modem that Apple is likely to use in the iPhone 7 this year.

Since we know Apple is serious about significantly improving the wireless capabilities of its iPhones at least over the next three years, Intel is practically out of the running for the follow-on to the iPhone 7.

I can understand Apple using Intel if Intel had an aggressive roadmap of products to use in the future, but at this point if Apple really does plan to use Intel in the iPhone 7, it may wind up being a "one-and-done" affair. 
2016-11-30
Apple Ecosystem Falling Behind Google, Amazon Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been in the news a lot lately, but for lack of products rather than new ones. The most recent example of this is with the leaked information that they have dissolved their team in charge of developing routers, called "airports" by the company. This follows the announcement that the company would also cease to produce their own external monitors. Not very long ago, it also came to the news outlets' attention that they have all but abandoned producing a rumored car, with the current goal to be implementing some form of software for the car rather than manufacturing their own. Taken separately, this can all but be ignored. Together, however, begs some questions.

(Image Source)

I would argue that one of the most important components for success in the ever-changing tech landscape is to have a sticky ecosystem of products to keep users loyal. I think I could declare that Apple has excelled at this notion with little dispute from any camp - bull, bear, fan-boy or hater. Their devices have always been made to work flawlessly together. Which is why these recent developments beg the question: Why is Apple dismantling their ecosystem? Or better, Why are they reducing their hardware offerings while their main competitors are doing the exact opposite? It is not like the company is strapped for cash, by any standards.

It is my thought that even if they were losing a substantial amount of money (tens of millions of dollars), which I have yet to see any proof of from any of their current offerings, I would think that it could be justified by helping to retain customers of their other products.

Instead, they seem to be abolishing their ecosystem in favor of saving a few bucks here and there. If the profit is not "moving the needle," so to speak, they are ending it. If it is taking up to much R&D with no end in sight, like the potential car offering, they are dismantling it.

These do not seem to be the ways of a company with more cash than some countries.

After all, why would you want a computer unless it worked in sync with your iPhone? Why would you want an Apple Watch if you had an Android or a Windows phone? You simply wouldn't, as it would be anything but functional. This is why Forbes among others called Apple's ecosystem its greatest advantage. It is the same reason why I'm perplexed at these recent decisions, as they seem more concerned about the financial sheets than coming up with a compelling product for the customer, let alone an entire ecosystem of them. Especially when your competitors are realizing success from the exact opposite approach.

The Competition

Take Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) for example. Their Prime memberships are viewed as one of their secret sauces for customer retention and driving more purchases on their platform. This has been so lucrative to their business they are constantly expanding the perks associated with the membership. First, free, fast shipping. Now, free books, music and video streaming, food delivery and soon basically anything under the sun by the looks of it. Amazon can simply not get enough of keeping people under their umbrella of services. They have even provided hardware at a perpetual loss just to ensure customers are using their devices to access things online, from books and movies to games and more. All of these, by the way, are things to be found on their website. By providing this hardware portal into the Amazon world, they are ensuring that when customers do make a purchase, it is from them. Alexa and the Amazon Echo can be seen as another proliferation of this. Listening to music in your living room and remember you need new hiking boots for your trip this weekend? Just say a few words and the product is en route from Amazon.

(Image Source)

Another Apple competitor is also upping the game in this manner. Alphabet's Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) has also recently expanded their ecosystem into additional hardware offerings. Before where you could only get software from the company, now you can get TV streaming devices by way of the Chromecast dongle to a pure Android vanilla phone with the Pixel, to their recently released routers. Yes, you read that right, while Apple is quietly discontinuing the creation of Internet access devices with their Airport line, which has not even been updated for three years, Google is releasing their own take on this device for the very first time.

For both these competitors, it is all about driving consumers back to their services. With Google, it all comes down to search engine revenue, so they have built the Google Assistant into an increasing number of devices to ensure it is always accessible and works seamlessly.

I see no reason Apple can not release a speaker that has Siri built in, or a router, especially because they already added the functionality to Apple TV in a copycat move of Amazon integrating Alexa into their own FireTV offerings.

Implications

While I certainly would not be one to call Apple an unsuccessful company, they seem to be admitting defeat an awful lot lately. I can understand back peddling from a capital intensive industry like car manufacturing is known to be, especially in light of the fact that many view Apple as a software company that offers hardware instead of the opposite. I would also never be one to tell a person or company to back away from their strengths for the sake of competing in more areas, but it seems as though Apple has no ambitions or innovations left.

Although there have been rumors of an "Apple Glasses" offering, this hardly excites me due to others failing in the space (namely Google thus far) and the fact that the watch has not yet grown enough to be considered anywhere close to the company's next iPhone. With their monitor production being given to LG, with not even an Apple logo on them anymore, it seems as though the Apple ecosystem is falling apart.

If Apple continues to lose traction and stops offering a comprehensive full circle solution for all aspects of connectivity, I think they will quickly see iPhone defectors increase in numbers as well as Mac Book sales dwindle. You could completely forget about the Apple Watch, which would hardly tell the time without another iDevice to connect to. I would be extremely worried as an Apple investor if no new "homerun" product is introduced soon, especially if Apple continues to discontinue the sale of its already relatively limited (compared to the competitions) hardware offerings, especially considering nobody would subscribe to their new software products like Apple Music or use Apple Pay if they defect from the devices they work best with.

Conclusion

If this trend continues, I think it will be the beginning of the end for the tech giant. While no action is advised for current holders, I certainly would not open a position in the stock without clear signs the company has a focus or new direction to take. You cannot simply make products skinnier and expect to sell billions of dollars of revenue in perpetuity. If Apple is out of innovations and must continue to scale back ambitions and reduce the completeness of their ecosystem, the glory days are certainly over. Apple, Inc.'s Gross Profit Margin Is Faring Better Than You May Think For Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) important holiday quarter, management is guiding for the company's gross profit margin to drop between 160 and 210 basis points. When viewed alongside the year-over-year declines in the three quarters before it, this underwhelming guidance for the important profitability metric could be a cause for concern for some investors.

But a closer look at what's going on with Apple's gross profit margin suggests the tech giant is probably doing better than it looks when it comes to profitability.

What's affecting Apple's gross profit margin?

For its first fiscal quarter of 2017, which coincides with the fourth calendar quarter of 2016, Apple management expects gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%, down from 40.1%. Even if Apple achieves the midpoint of its guidance range for gross profit margin, this would undoubtedly mark a notable decline. But investors shouldn't fret; there's good reason for the year-over-year pullback.

When asked about Apple's lower-than-expected guidance for its first-quarter gross profit margin, Apple CFO Luca Maestri broke down the factors that are driving the difference in the year-ago gross profit margin and Apple's guidance:

40 basis points in the year-ago gross profit margin were driven by a $548 million award for a patent infringement.

60 to 70 basis points of the difference between the two periods is simply due to currency headwinds.

Finally, Maestri said he expected higher cost structures of new products to negatively impact the year-over-year comparison.

In other words, after excluding impacts of Apple's patent infringement award in the year-ago quarter and currency headwinds, management only anticipates its first-quarter gross profit margin to decline between about 55 and 115 basis points year over year. Further, much of this expected year-over-year decline in gross profit margin is expected to be a factor of higher cost structures; so, Apple's profitability doesn't seem to be suffering from any negative secular trends -- unless, of course, this higher cost structure for the quarter is the beginning of a sustained period of rising costs.

But it's unlikely higher costs are here to stay. Apple has dealt with temporary higher cost structures in the past, when it launched the iPad Mini and at times when it refreshed lots of its product lines around the same time.

Zoom out

Looking beyond a tough, and arguably unfair, year-over-year comparison, there's probably an even better reason for Apple investors not to be concerned: A zoomed-out view of Apple's quarterly gross profit margin over a period of several years shows that a gross margin of around 38% to 38.5% isn't really so abnormal for the company. Between the fourth quarter of 2013 and the fourth quarter of 2016, Apple's gross margin has bounced around between about 37% and 40.1%.

So Apple's expected gross profit margin during the first fiscal quarter of 2017 certainly isn't anything to be excited about. But it's also not worth worrying about.

When should investors start worrying about Apple's gross profit margin? If the key metric ever begins to consistently trend downward for more than a few years, this could be more indicative of more secular negative factors, such as declining pricing power, permanently higher cost structures, or unfavorable products mix shifts, that could be here to stay.

Of course, it doesn't hurt for investors to look into quarter-to-quarter volatility of Apple's gross profit margin, given how important it is to an investing thesis in Apple stock. As a cash cow, anything that hinders the company's ability to rake in high levels of profits is worth a closer look.

In this particular case, the driving force behind Apple's lower gross profit margin doesn't look like it's a problem. Indeed, I'd argue that Apple's gross profit margin today continues to support the company's impressive ability at sustaining pricing power and scale in evolving markets. Should Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Holders FEAR the iPhone 8? Smartphone fans who have been eagerly waiting for an early glimpse of the iPhone 8 from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) finally got their wish. Some rumored specs were unveiled this week. And while not all of them (so far) were terribly surprising, AAPL stock holders were probably encouraged to know the device is apt to be everything it was touted to be.

And yet, for owners of Apple stock, the advent of the iPhone 8 isn t exactly exciting.

While the early arms-length reviews of the smartphone have been mostly glowing so far, AAPL stock holders know all too well that the company is fighting a headwind. At best, a successful launch of the iPhone 8 buys time.

At worst, a tepid launch of the iPhone 8 will prove iPhone mania has run its course.

An Early Outlook for the iPhone 8

Bear in mind that much can still change between now and then. But as it stands right now, next year s iPhone 8 should consist of an OLED display, a completely curved glass form, wireless charging and no more home button. The camera should also be significantly upgraded, perhaps even capable of taking 3D pictures. Moreover, the iPhone 8 is expected to be available in three sizes, including a 5.5-inch version.

The usual suspects have already gone ga-ga over the device because   well, that s just what a good-sized sliver of the crowd does whenever AAPL serves up a new product.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is one of the phone s biggest fans, judging from his sales expectations. Kuo believes sales of the iPhone 8 will be  unprecedented,  with the company possibly shipping between 90 million and 110 million units during the second half of the coming year. That would be impressive, even if the next-generation iPhone is indeed a lower-margin device.

But owners of AAPL stock may want to take such lofty projections with a grain of salt, as no one has answered the critical question.

What the heck went wrong with the iPhone 7?

Consumers Don t Always Do What They Say

To be clear, the critical sales figures for the iPhone 7 (and 7+) aren t out yet; the current quarter is the important one. But UBS estimates that orders for iPhones for Q4 2016 (all models) never quite matched Q4 2015 s peak. It also believes orders for Q1 2017 are down overall on a year-over-year basis.

That s a bit of a letdown to AAPL stock holders, considering how ballyhooed the iPhone 7 was leading up to its launch.

The knee-jerk explanation is that consumers are simply holding off on an upgraded iPhone, knowing the iPhone 8 is going to be a significantly more compelling device than the iPhone 7 was relative to the 6 and the 6s. Problem is, we ve heard that before, and consumers didn t always come through when the time came.

Cases(s) in point: Owners of the 5s model were supposed to be waiting for the iPhone 7. It doesn t appear they pulled the trigger in a meaningful way. The iPhone 6s was deemed by some to be the  biggest incremental upgrade  ever for any iPhone (from the 6), yet the 6s failed to even come close to meeting expectations.

Maybe those would-be buyers were holding off on the iPhone 7.

Next Page Apple Inc, (RED) enlist game developers and release new products to support ... If you re wondering why Apple s App Store, iTunes and physical retail locations seem to be covered in red on Thursday, there is an explanation.

For the 10th consecutive year, Apple is working with the organization (RED) on Dec. 1 for World AIDS Day to raise money and awareness for The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.

More than 400 Apple Stores in five continents will be changing their storefront s logo to red or have window displays for the occasion. The company s website, App Store, iTunes and other digital properties will also have a red coat of paint and information throughout to raise awareness for the cause.

But the biggest component of Apple and (RED) s partnership over the past 10 years comes from money raised through a line of products called Product(RED), as a portion of the proceeds go directly to the Global Fund which is then used on resources to prevent and treat HIV or AIDS.

 Of the $360 million that (RED) has raised to date, Apple has raised nearly $120 million,  said Chrysi Philalithes, (RED) s chief digital officer, in an interview.  Apple is now the largest corporate contributor to the Global Fund  It s actually more than some countries have given. 

In addition to Apple s current Product(RED) line, there will be some new products coming this year: an iPhone 7 smart battery case, iPhone SE sase, Beats Solo 3 wireless headphones and a Pill+ portable speaker.

On the non-tangible side, 20 games from 10 developers will be highlighted in Apple s App Store with new purchasable (RED) content and 100 per cent of proceeds going to the Global Fund. Some of the 10 developers include Rovio (Angry Birds 2, Angry Birds Pop!), EA (FIFA Mobile, Sim City BuildIt, Plants Vs. Zombies), Zynga (FarmVille: Tropic Escape, CSR2) and Supercell (Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, Boom Beach).

 It s an absolute pleasure and honour to be a part of the Games for (RED) campaign,  said Wilhelm Taht, executive vice president of Rovio Games, in a statement.  With the combined reach of our two top performing games we believe we can truly contribute to the fight against AIDS. 

In addition to games, there will be an option in iTunes to make direct donations to (RED), plus the rock band The Killers will have a collection of holiday songs to purchase with proceeds going to the Global Fund. There will also be a free download of the 2010 HBO documentary The Lazarus Effect, which shows the effects of the antiretroviral drugs that the Global Fund provides to those living with HIV/AIDS.

The stakes are high because we can end AIDS by 2030

 It s one thing to raise money, but there s also the need to keep heat on the issue,  Philalithes said.  That s why the incredibly powerful campaign that Apple is doing, where they are igniting and empowering their customers to take action and get involved in the AIDS fight in so many ways is incredible. 

Since (RED) was founded in 2006 by U2 s Bono and philanthropist Bobby Shriver, the organization has received some criticism by academics, journalists and professionals. Coca-Cola, Gap, Giorgio Armani, Salesforce, Starbucks and Vespa are some of the many large companies (RED) has worked with, but critics suggest the initiative simply encourages the consumption of the products. Others say this model allows corporations to use a disease as a marketing tool.

But Philalithes said the level of commitment being made by the companies proves it isn t just about a PR stunt for them.

Related

 Let s take the developers,  she said.  If we think about the holiday season and how much people love playing games  this is the developer s busiest time. But they have given resources and, with the Games for (RED) program, they are also giving 100 per cent of their proceeds. 

Philalithes said the (RED) model particularly resonates with millennials and Gen Z, because  they reward the companies that do good  through their purchases.

 They are socially conscious,  she said.  So partnering with businesses in a way that allows people to purchase a product that is, first and foremost, a great product and secondly also contributes to the AIDS fight, is a way for us to have a model where a continuous flow of money can go to the fight against AIDS. 

There are now 18.2 million people with access to the antiretroviral drug, up from 700,000 who were on it back in 2000, Philalithes said. But there are 37 million people currently living with HIV or AIDS, with a child being infected with HIV every two and a half minutes.

 So yes, there has been progress, but there is work to do,  she said.  And the stakes are high because we can end AIDS by 2030. 

Financial Post

jomcconnell@postmedia.com

Twitter.com/JoshMcConnell Apple's iPhone 7 'Trounced' By Pixel The report is just one of many that investors will hear diminishing Apple in the coming weeks.

According to market research firm Localytics, Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) new Pixel smartphones "won" black Friday compared to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7. Does this mean that Google sold more phones than Apple? No, not even close.

Source: Apple

Pixel Spin

The desire to paint Pixel as a runaway hit while iPhone sales supposedly languish was very evident in Fortune's misleading take on the Localytics data: "Google Pixel Trounced Apple's iPhone Over the Holiday Weekend". The justification for this assertion was the Localytics blog piece that claimed that device activations were up 112% for Pixel, but only up 13% for iPhone 7 over the Black Friday weekend.

The numbers look impressive, until one asks the simple question: Activations were up compared to what? Localytics explained that this was compared to the previous four weekends' sales. That still sounds very impressive until one considers the total number of devices in question.

According to Morgan Stanley, Google is expected to sell about 3 million Pixel phones in the December quarter, and 5-6 million in all of 2017. Apple will probably sell about 75 million iPhones (all models) in the December quarter, which I estimate about 2/3 being the newer iPhone 7 models, for 50 million.

This means an approximate average weekly sales rate of 250,000 Pixel phones compared to over 4 million iPhone 7s per week, a ratio of more than 16/1. Assuming that Localytics numbers are correct, then the number of Pixel phones sold during Black Friday weekend surged to about 530,000 compared to iPhone 7's meager 4.7 million.

This is a great example of how the business media manipulates market research data in order to make Apple look bad in the eyes of investors. Clearly, Apple has the law of large numbers working against it here, but that is never acknowledged.

Localytics also published data purporting to show that iPhone 7 and 7 Plus not showing as much of a gain on Black Friday as last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Now, does anybody in the known universe think that iPhone 7 will not outsell iPhone 6s in the December quarter? So what conclusion are we supposed to draw from the above chart? That iPhone 7 is a flop? Come on. The data is especially suspect since iPhone 7 Plus sales have been a much larger percentage of iPhone 7 total sales than in previous years.

Kuo's Galaxy Quest

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has issued yet another note to investors repeating his predictions that the next "iPhone 8" will feature a curved OLED screen, a glass back, and wireless charging. He claims that these features will drive "unprecedented replacement demand".

Apple fans may not be aware of this, but what Kuo is describing, in terms of outward features, is the Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) Galaxy S7 Edge. The not so subtle message to investors is that Apple needs to build an iPhone copycat of the S7 Edge. This is what will drive sales, according to Kuo.

It's another way of saying that no one should/would want an iPhone 7 since it's not like the S7 Edge. This is just another variant in the ongoing Kuo narrative that began early this year with his finding that iPhone 7 would lack "compelling new features" since it didn't have a curved OLED screen, a glass back, and wireless charging. Like the S7 Edge.

Okay Ming-chi, we get it. You really think the S7 Edge is cool. You really think Apple should build a phone like it. Why keep repeating yourself?

Because... if something is repeated enough times on the Internet, it will be accepted as true.

Thus the Wall Street Journal runs yet another story based on "supply chain" sources claiming that Apple will adopt OLED for next year's iPhone. This is basically the same story that has been coming out of Korea since the beginning of the year. The more versions of it I see, the more I'm convinced that Samsung is behind it:

But LG Display, Japan Display and Sharp are behind Samsung when it comes to OLED investment. Samsung has spent close to $10 billion this year alone to expand its OLED production and research and development, while LG Display plans to invest close to $3 billion by 2018 to expand its production of smartphone OLED screens.

The message, with only slight variation, is always the same: Apple will have to buy from Samsung, because Samsung is the OLED screen leader, and because OLED screens are obviously superior.

Okay Samsung, we get it. You really think the S7 Edge is cool. You really think Apple should build a phone like it. Why keep repeating yourself?

Because... if something is repeated enough times on the Internet, it will be accepted as true.

Investor Takeaway

In the run-up to the January earnings seasons, investors can expect many such reports as we've received from Localytics and Kuo that in some way characterize Apple as stumbling. I'll try to provide analysis of many of these, but doubtless, I won't be able to keep up with all of them.

At some point in the future, Apple may indeed adopt OLED screens. What I've pointed out in the past is that the presumption that OLED is inherently superior to LCD simply doesn't hold water technically. And I doubt that Apple will adopt any display technology alternative to LCD until Apple is satisfied that it is superior.

As far as the glass sandwich, well, that was the big "innovation" for the S6 wasn't it? Samsung replaced the cheap feeling plastic backs of the previous generation S5 with curved glass. Apple has been there, done that with iPhone 4. I can't see Apple going back.

I have in past articles complained that Apple is in need of a product architect. Apple's product design at times seems adrift and without a unifying vision. But I don't think things have gotten so bad that Apple will stoop to just aping Samsung. If that happens, I will immediately advocate regime change at Apple. But I don't expect this.

I remain cautiously optimistic that December quarter sales will exceed expectations. I remain long Apple and recommend it as a buy for investors with a 3-5 year investment horizon.

Author's note: Several readers have pointed out that my interpretation of the WSJ article photo showing an iPhone 6 and 7 was probably in error. I thought the iPhone 6 looked like a fake, but the better explanation is that it simply had a thin transparent bumper case.

After giving it some thought, I decided I should just delete the section, since it was a needless distraction, while admitting my mistake. Thanks to those who pointed this out. Good catch everyone.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2016-01-21
Apple, Inc. Earnings: 3 Metrics to Watch Were the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus big enough hits this holiday season for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to outdo its blockbuster year-ago quarter? We'll find out on Tuesday.

It would be difficult to overstate the importance of Apple's earnings report on Tuesday. As the company's first fiscal quarter of 2016, which is the fourth calendar quarter of 2015, the period captures a snippet of its business during the important holiday quarter. And investors are particularly honed in on this year's report as the company is up against its monstrous year-ago quarter in which iPhone unit sales soared 46% compared to the same period in the year before.

When the results are released, here are three metrics worth looking over.

iPhone sales

As always, the market will be watching Apple's reported iPhone sales closely. Now representing about 63% of revenue, this product segment's performance has a huge impact on Apple's overall results.

So, how many iPhones could Apple ship during Q1? On average, analysts are expecting Apple to deliver 76.6 million iPhones, according to a poll by Fortune. This represents 2.8% year-over-year growth in iPhone unit sales.

Investors can get a decent preview of Apple's expectations for Q1 iPhone sales by examining its expectations for the quarter's revenue. When Apple reported its fourth-quarter results, it said it expected first-quarter revenue to rise between 1.2% and 3.9% compared to the year-ago quarter. With iPhone sales representing the largest chunk of Apple's revenue, this guidance implies the company expected similar performance from its iPhone segment.

Earnings per share

With Apple's revenue growth likely to moderate to low single digits for the holiday quarter, it will be interesting to see what rate the company can grow its EPS.

Investors should expect EPS growth to track ahead of revenue and net income growth, driven by its significant share repurchase program. Consider the difference between Apple's fourth-quarter net income and EPS growth: On a 30.5% increase in net income between the fourth quarter of 2014 and the same period in 2015, its EPS leaped 38%.

Revenue in Apple's "other products" segment

When Apple reports results, many investors will likely look for clues about how well its 2015-launched smartwatch, the Apple Watch, is faring in the market.

Revenue for Apple Watch is buried in a segment it calls "other products," making it difficult to recognize exactly how well the product is performing. But based on some comments from management about its "other products" category during earnings calls, chances are that most of the year-over-year growth reported in the segment for Q1 can be attributed to the Apple Watch, giving investors a vague idea of how the new product may be performing.

In Apple's fourth quarter, "other products" revenue increased about 61%, or by about $1.2 billion. The company attributed the increase to the Apple Watch during the fourth-quarter earnings call.

Estimating Apple Watch sales for the holiday quarter is difficult. The product is a bit of a wildcard, as it's the first time the device is sold during the quarter. But I'd say it's safe to predict sales of about $2 billion. Assuming Apple sees some growth in its "other products" segment outside of the Apple Watch, thanks to a recently revamped Apple TV, its "other products" revenue for the quarter will likely have to be about $5 billion if the company really does record around $2 billion in Apple Watch revenue during the quarter.

Investors can check in on Apple's results on its investor relations page after market close on Jan. 26. The company will also host a live earnings call at 5:00 p.m. ET. 3 Things I'm Expecting From the Apple Inc. iPad Pro 2 In late 2015, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced its very first very large screen tablet -- the iPad Pro. Although it's not clear yet how this product is doing in the marketplace (some people love it, others returned theirs), one thing that I think many will agree upon is that it represents the state of the art in terms of tablet technology.

However, today's technological marvels are tomorrow's landfill material as technology progresses on. In this article, I'd like to offer up three predictions for Apple's next-generation iPad Pro, which will likely be dubbed the iPad Pro 2.

A 10-nanometer A10X Processor

Although it is widely believed that the upcoming A10 processor that will power Apple's iPhone 7/7 Plus will be built on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing's (NYSE: TSM) 16-nanometer FinFET Plus manufacturing process, I believe that there is a reasonable chance that the A10X will be built on a next generation 10-nanometer process.

Indeed, Taiwan Semi has said that it will begin high volume production of 10-nanometer at the end of 2016 and should recognize revenue sometime in the first quarter of 2017.

If Apple waits to launch a refreshed iPad Pro until the spring of 2017, I believe that the company should be able to equip the tablet with a 10-nanometer A10X processor. The move to the new manufacturing technology should allow Apple to ultimately deliver better performance and lower power consumption.

Same display, but potential inclusion of 3D Touch

The 2015 iPad Pro did not include the same 3D Touch technology that the company introduced with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, much to the disappointment of many.

That being said, a report recently surfaced claiming that Apple is working on building a "scalable" version of its 3D Touch technology that could be applied to both small display and large display devices alike. The report claims that this technology will debut in the iPhone following iPhone 7, but I wouldn't be surprised if it made its first appearance in the iPad Pro 2/iPad Air 4.

As far as the actual display goes, Apple has historically recycled the same panels in iPad models for several generations before transitioning to new ones. I expect Apple to go with the same playbook with the iPad Pro.

Much more memory bandwidth to feed the A10X beast

In order to feed the beast that is the Apple A9X processor, Apple had to utilize a very wide quad-channel LPDDR4 memory architecture, enabling bandwidth of around 51.2 GB/second. To deliver a significant boost in memory bandwidth in the A10X over the A9X, Apple has a couple of options.

First, it could move to higher-speed LPDDR4 memory. A move from LPDDR4-3200 to, say, LPDDR4-4266 would drive memory bandwidth up to around 68 GB/sec, which should be more than enough to feed a much more powerful A10X chip.

Another option, one that other chip companies have been working on for their high-end mobile applications processors, is a type of 3D stacked DRAM known as Wide I/O 2. The memory bandwidth numbers for the current iteration of Wide I/O 2 also come in at 68 GB/second, similar to what Apple would be able to get from moving to higher-clocked LPDDR4.

That said, according to a presentation from memory standards body JEDEC, Wide I/O 2 offers a number of pretty significant advantages over LPDDR4, including:

Better performance/power than any LPDDRx (where x ranges from 1-4) flavor,

Smaller form factor than LPDDRx, and

"Excellent thermal performance if appropriate system heat spreader applied."

Wide I/O 2 might be an excellent choice for the iPad Pro 2, particularly if Apple aims to make the device thinner and lighter than the current iteration, as a result of these technology advantages. 
2016-09-16
The Apple Store Line Is Dying The frayed scrap of paper taped to the sidewalk outside Apple Inc. s flagship store in San Francisco s Union Square had a simple message: $5 for photographs.

The sight of Apple fans clamoring to get the latest phone was replaced Friday by people looking to make a few bucks from their lead spot in the line. For the first time, being first through Apple store doors around the world is no guarantee of securing the top-of-the-line new iPhone. A combination of limited supply and Apple s push toward online pre-orders meant walk-in customers were unable to buy the larger 7 Plus version.

The result: smaller, less-enthusiastic lines. That s a big change from the retail frenzy that has long been a ritual of the company s marketing for a product that still accounts for at least 57 percent of revenue.

 My iPhone 5 died two days ago, the screen became detached,  said David Nelson, a 51-year-old attorney from Oakland, California, who waited toward the back of a line of several hundred people outside the San Francisco store Friday morning.  If my phone had survived, I wouldn t be here. 

It was subdued outside the London Apple shop in Covent Garden. A well-organized line of a few hundred people cycled through, mainly consisting of people with receipts to pick up pre-ordered devices.

The line outside Apple s Fifth Avenue store in New York was the smallest since the launch of the iPhone 3GS in 2009, according to Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. His research team counted 400 customers lining up there Friday, down from a peak of 1,880 for the iPhone 6 debut in September 2014. Apple said earlier this week that all models of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 7 Plus were sold out in advance, as were all other new handsets with the glossy jet black finish.

 Consumers continue to trend toward pre-ordering new devices to specifically avoid long launch day lines,  Munster wrote in a Friday note to investors.  Pre-orders and early inventory issues will continue to impact future launch day lines, thus would not be surprised to continue seeing smaller lines across the world on future launch days. 

This year, Apple extended its iPhone Upgrade program, in which customers pay a monthly fee in return for a new handset every year. This may help Apple stabilize iPhone sales in years without new blockbuster models, but it also reduces the need for people to gather for hours outside stores on launch day. After being introduced in the U.S. a year ago, iPhone Upgrade was rolled out to the U.K. and China this year.

Several Apple retail employees in Europe said their stores had no stock for customers walking in without a pre-order reservation, despite Apple s statement that there would be iPhone 7s available in all colors besides jet black. At European stores where stock for walk-ins was available, quantities were scarce and customers seeking a particular color and capacity configuration ended up with a model they didn t want or left empty-handed, the employees said. Some big Apple stores in California received fewer than 100 units for walk-in customers, other employees said. They didn t want to be identified sharing descriptions of early sales. Apple won t disclose initial weekend sales numbers for the new models, breaking with the tradition of past years.

Far Cry

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The lack of sizable crowds this year is a far cry from previous product launches. The first iPhone in 2007 introduced the world to customers camping outside stores to buy a new technology product. Greg Packer, a former government maintenance worker, started the line at Apple s Fifth Avenue store five days before the original iPhone became available, while a group of organic farmers sat in line for more than a week before the iPhone 3G s launch in 2008.

Lines at some malls were so long that security guards made crowds wait at nearby locations and escorted customers in small groups to the store to buy their phones. Apple employees provided waiting customers with bottled water, coffee and donuts.

The large crowds were not only made up of shoppers. Some people paid others to line up for them and re-selling new iPhones purchased early from stores became a thriving side business.

Piper Jaffray s Munster said this year s line outside the Fifth Avenue store had "little to no representation from overseas re-sellers." Last year, these entrepreneurs accounted for about 20 percent of the line, he noted.

Still, smaller lines do not necessarily mean fewer sales, because online pre-ordering has picked up, the analyst said. "We remain comfortable with our thinking for slight growth in the iPhone 7 cycle compared to the iPhone 6 cycle," he wrote.

Back in San Francisco on Friday, some customers were still waiting to get phones for other people. Matic Skok, a 23-year-old from Slovenia, was buying an iPhone 7 for his uncle back home.

 My uncle is addicted to his iPhone,  Skok said, adding that he didn t plan to buy a new handset for himself.  I have a 5S but it s too expensive for me to get a new one.  Here's Why Apple Shares Will Continue to Climb From Bob Ciura : Apple Inc. ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) is on a tear. After the much-anticipated release of the iPhone 7, Apple stock soared 10% just this week, as investors seem to be increasingly optimistic about what the future holds.

The new iPhone device could not come at a better time. Apple has had a difficult year, and is looking forward to better days ahead. This year has been marked by declining sales and earnings, due to extremely tough comparisons, the result of the success of the iPhone 6.

But with a new iPhone set for release, Apple should soon enter its next growth cycle. Apple stock is still cheap, which means the recent rally could have more room to run.

iPhone 7 Pre-Orders Soar

Buzz is building over the iPhone 7, which promises a number of advancements than the previous model. While the iPhone 7 looks the same as the iPhone 6, the new version has improved front and rear cameras, a faster chip to increase processing speed and a longer battery life.

In addition, the iPhone 7 will be water resistant with more onboard storage, and the iPhone 7 Plus contains dual cameras.

Apple stock has rallied considerably since the iPhone 7 announcement. Enthusiasm really started building when Apple announced it had sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus model worldwide, during the initial pre-order period.

On Wednesday, Apple shares rose 3%, marking three days in a row in which the stock was up at least 2% each day.

It is not hard to see why Apple stock would jump after the encouraging iPhone 7 news. The iPhone is Apple s most important individual product, by a wide margin. The iPhone itself makes up more than half of Apple s annual revenue.

And, the new iPhone will help Apple accelerate its growth in emerging markets like China, where the company has struggled to start the year. Due to the maturation of the iPhone 6 models, Apple s sales in China dropped 29% last quarter.

Overall, Apple s total revenue declined 7% through the first three quarters of its current fiscal year, compared with the same period the year before.

Fortunately, a new iPhone is just what Apple needs to reignite growth. Thanks to the hugely successful iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, sales in China soared 84% in Apple s most recent fiscal year. This shows what a new iPhone model can do, which is why investors are bidding up the price of Apple stock.

Apple Stock: Indications of a Breakout

There could be more gains in store, because Apple still represents one of the market s biggest bargains. It is a very cheap stock. Shares trade for 13 times Apple s projected earnings per share over the upcoming year. On the basis of its forward P/E ratio, Apple is cheaper than the S&P 500.

On a trailing P/E basis, Apple is significantly cheaper than the S&P 500. The stock trades for a P/E of 13, compared with 20 for the overall market.

As a result, Apple s valuation has room to expand. Even if Apple s trailing P/E simply matched the market, it would imply a share price return of more than 50%.

Of course, Apple has rarely been valued on par with the S&P 500 over the past several years. Apple consistently holds a cheap valuation, partly because investors doubt whether it can continue growing. After all, Apple is the largest company in the world, with a market capitalization over $600 billion.

But, if the early news from iPhone 7 Plus pre-orders is any indication, there are encouraging signs that Apple can continue to grow. The stock added $60 billion of market value in the week after the iPhone 7 announcement, and if the sales momentum continues, the rally may just be getting started.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Wyatt Research. 
2016-12-30
Is Apple, Inc. Subtly Pushing Back on US Manufacturing? Arguably more than any time in the past decade, the political pressure is on for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to bring back at least some of its manufacturing jobs from overseas. Beyond overtures from President-elect Donald Trump himself, his victory in November shows a resurgence of a nationalist mentality across large swaths of the U.S. population. The company is now tasked with navigating an increasingly complex political landscape while balancing its financial and operational needs, including the massive globalized supply chain infrastructure that it has built over the years.

Apple can't just come out and say "no," even if it wants to. Yesterday, The New York Times published a thorough investigative report on Zhengzhou, China, known as "iPhone City." It's a great read for Apple investors, but if you read between the lines, you may notice the possibility that Apple could be subtly pushing back on the current political pressures.

Pressure pushing down on me

One of the ways that Apple has changed under CEO Tim Cook is that it is much more engaged with the media. Trading access for positive coverage is one of the oldest tricks in the media playbook, and Apple long played this game in spades under Jobs. But Cook implemented a major shift in communications strategy, hoping to make Apple more approachable. While Jobs used to hog the spotlight, Apple now regularly grants executive interviews with media outlets.

Even if outright positive coverage isn't part of the deal, companies also often grant access in order to have at least some influence on the direction or tone of a story. That's why it jumped out to me that COO Jeff Williams was quoted directly in the report. "I was impressed," Williams said when discussing the early evolution of Apple's partnership with Foxconn. "They were very focused."

It's a tiny snippet -- just seven words -- but that's not the point. The point is that Apple made Williams available, and in exchange was potentially able to have a say in how its China operations were portrayed. For the most part, the report is mostly descriptive, detailing the wide range of incentives that Foxconn scored to set up shop on Apple's behalf, as well as just how complex and developed the whole operation is. You get a sense that this is a massive machine that hums along, churning out one of the world's most popular products at mind-boggling volumes -- because it is. The tone is almost reverential.

Compare that to the harshly accusatory tone that the Times took in 2012 in its iEconomy series, for which the publication won a Pulitzer Price for in 2013. For instance, even the headlines alone for some of the parts were fiercely critical:

If the headlines were that damning, you can only imagine how negatively the articles themselves portrayed Apple. (You should read the whole series if you haven't already.) Note that the reporter for yesterday's story, David Barboza, contributed to the iEconomy series.

That brings a building down

This is conjecture on my part, but it seems quite possible to me that Apple was able to favorably sway the tone of the report by contributing to it and granting executive access. There was no discussion about human rights concerns, which used to be an easy weakness to call out (even though Apple has made progress on that front since 2012). There's some discussion of tax avoidance near the end, but that part is mostly more of the same. Apple is extremely thoughtful, deliberate, and intelligent when it comes to influencing the media, so it's hard to chalk it up to coincidence.

That's especially relevant if the takeaway is that Apple's manufacturing infrastructure is simply too massive and entrenched to move anywhere else. That fact may be obvious to most investors, but promoting the public perception (via a high-profile report at a reputable media outlet) that this is true could relieve a tiny bit of that political pressure. Grieving family sues Apple Inc. Petition claims company could have kept drivers from using FaceTime

A Cross Roads family has filed suit against Apple Inc. in a California court, claiming that the company was negligent by allowing FaceTime video chat to be used by motorists while driving.

FaceTime is a video-calling feature Apple launched in 2010. It has been built into newer Apple iPhones for several years.

Five-year-old Moriah Modisette was killed after another driver crashed into the back of the Modisette family car on Christmas Eve 2014. Moriah s parents, Bethany and James Modisette, and her older sister, Isabella, were also injured in the crash that happened on Interstate 35W near Allred Road in southwest Denton. According to police reports, the driver, Garrett Wilhelm, told officers he was using FaceTime prior to the wreck. When officers located Wilhelm s iPhone at the scene, the application was still running.

The Modisette family s lawsuit was filed Dec. 23 in Superior Court of Santa Clara County, where Apple is based.

In the petition, the family alleges that Apple had the capability to disable a driver s use of FaceTime for many years. The company applied for a patent in 2008 for a function that would allow its smartphones to disable certain functions while the user was driving.

To summarize the need for the patent, Apple engineers wrote in the application that drivers know their phones can be a dangerous distraction, but new laws banning the practice were not proving a deterrent. Texting and driving was becoming a widespread problem that law enforcement couldn t address, they wrote.

Apple received the patent in April 2014, but by then the capability was old news in the tech industry. Smartphones have built-in global positioning that can detect when the device is in motion. Applications to block calls and texts have been on the market for years, including free apps from insurance companies hoping to reduce losses.

In their petition, the family claims Apple was negligent in releasing the iPhone with FaceTime without the lockout capabilities, or a least a warning that using the application is a distraction for drivers. Through product liability laws, they are seeking unspecified damages for Moriah s death, for their injuries and for their attorney s costs.

The family is being represented by attorneys in Texas and in California. Jennifer Bartlett, their attorney in California, did not return a call for comment.

Apple has not yet filed a response to the petition. A call for comment to Apple Inc. s media relations office Friday was not returned.

A hearing in the case has been scheduled for April 18 in the Superior Court in Santa Clara County.

Wilhelm, who was released on bond, faces a manslaughter charge in connection with Moriah s death. A jury trial has been scheduled in the 367th District Court in Denton beginning Feb. 27.

PEGGY HEINKEL-WOLFE can be reached at 940-566-6881 and via Twitter at @phwolfeDRC. 3 Things Apple Inc. (AAPL) MUST Do to Soar in 2017 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) will be happy to put 2016 behind it. Yes, AAPL stock registered double-digit gains and slightly outperformed the market (with one day of trading to go in 2016), but the year was hardly a stellar one.

Source: Apple

Sales are down in key product lines like the iPhone. Its long-awaited MacBook Pro revision faced a barrage of criticism. The iPhone 7 was derided for looking too much like the iPhone 6 and for lacking a headphone port. And to cap it off, AAPL is closing out 2016 facing a series of issues with iPhone 6 batteries.

And while Apple inc. has struggled, opponents have made hay.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) has seized the premium PC mantle with its Surface Studio and Surface Book. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) made an end run around Siri and HomeKit to make the Alexa-powered Echo smart speaker a contender to control the smart home. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) entered the premium smartphone market with its Android flagship Google Pixel Phone.

AAPL doesn t necessarily need to detonate everything and start all over from scratch, but it could use a turnaround or two in key categories.

Apple Did OK in 2016, But  

Again, short of something crazy happening Friday, Dec. 29, AAPL stock will have returned at least 10% for 2016. That s not bad. In fact, it s downright great compared to last year s 3% losses.

Then again  

In 2014, AAPL returned 47%. In 2012, it was about 25%. Don t forget the heady days of 2009, when the iPhone was gaining in popularity and rumors were flying that the company was about to release a new tablet device (the iPad would be unveiled the following January)   and the market was rebounding out of the cellar. Apple stock gained 115% that year.

AAPL is spending increasingly more on stock repurchases and dividends, so there s less of an expectation of rampant growth   but there s still some sort of expectation for outsize growth. Apple is, after all, a consumer tech company.

And it s not just stock performance. Apple needs to return to form in many aspects, such as re-emerging as an innovator and a designer of world-class premium products.

To accomplish these goals, there are three key objectives that Apple needs to nail in 2017.

#1: The iPhone 8 Needs to Be Hit

There are no two ways about it: The single most important product release in 2017 for AAPL is the iPhone 8.

Sales of iPhones are Apple s single largest source of revenue   60% of Apple Inc. revenue in the last quarter. If the iPhone 8 is a big hit, it will reverse the slide in sales, and AAPL stock will be off to the races.

To get there, Apple needs to release a product that wows consumers. It must look nothing like the iPhone 6/6s and 7   and the Android rivals that have adopted a similar form factor. It has to make them forget about headphone jacks and unreliable batteries.

The iPhone 8 needs to have the must-have appeal that makes iPhone owners clamor to upgrade, with line-ups outside Apple Stores once more.

At this point, rumors have AAPL going to an all-glass iPhone 8 with a curved display and wireless charging.

It s a start.

Next Page 2017 Will Be A  Breakout Year  For Apple Inc. Stock: Analyst Apple stock managed to outperform the S&P 500 in 2016, but one analyst still sees it as one of the world s most underappreciated stocks. Nevertheless, the iPhone maker s share pulled back on Friday, the last trading day of the year, along with most of the same analyst s top tech stock picks.

In addition to Apple stock, analysts are recommending cloud and semiconductor plays for 2017, although neither Microsoft nor Amazon are necessarily at the top of the heap in this area.

Apple stock has underperformed for two years

In a research note dated Dec. 30, Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White again praised the virtues of Apple stock, saying that he expects 2017 to be a  breakout year  for it. He noted that the shares have outperformed the S&P 500, but they have underperformed the index since 2014, the year the iPhone 6 was released.

Investors were unenthused by the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 7, as neither brought the growth most feel the tech giant should continue to see. Also murmurs of Apple losing its innovative mojo started to rise again after being quieted with the release of the iPhone 6 in 2014. Meanwhile analysts continue to harp on the iPhone 8, which is expected next year along with a load of major improvements in honor of the smartphones 10-year anniversary.

iPhone 7 to bring return to growth

It seems safe to say that time is running out for Apple. If it doesn t deliver an innovative iPhone next year, investors may leave it for dead and what s worse is that consumers just might do the same. Past surveys suggested that many are holding back on buying a new iPhone this year in anticipation of what next year will bring, although holiday iPhone sales suggest otherwise. Indeed, Apple s annual iPhone upgrade program may be the only thing supporting iPhone 7 sales this year.

White, however, is expecting the iPhone 7 to spur a return to growth as early as the December quarter. He also anticipates the iPhone 8 launch in September 2017 and  more color on future innovations.  In regards to Apple stock in particular, the analyst looks for the dividend yield to be between 3.5% and 4% based on the company s $237.6 billion in overseas cash and the possibility of tax repatriation incentives.

Shares of Apple stock fell by as much as 0.38% to $116.29 during regular trading hours on Friday.

Cloud plays to lead 2017

In addition to Apple stock, White likes Box, Salesforce, Splunk and Twilio. All but Splunk are in the cloud business, but Splunk deals in the related field of Big Data. White feels that investors just don t understand Box, but he expects next year to be  exciting  because of the company s innovations over the last year and a half.

He called Salesforce  the best equity vehicle for investors to play the cloud trend next year,  as he expects the company to keep expanding the reach of its Service Cloud and Commerce Cloud. He sees Twilio as a  disruptive, next-generation cloud communications-focused PaaS vendor  and expects it to post the fastest sales growth within his coverage next year. The analyst called Splunk  the premiere Big Data Play for investors,  noting that its shares declined 12% this year, but he expects scale, brand recognition and its  technological leadership to help it pull ahead in 2017.

White s not the only one to favor mostly cloud plays for 2017. In a post on Investopedia, Shoshanna Delventhal highlighted cloud infrastructure firm VMware, despite the fact that its shares soared by more than 41% this year. The company kept beating earnings estimates and struck a new partnership deal with Amazon Web Services.

Delventhal likes Micron Technology even though the stock skyrocketed nearly 60% this year, as analysts boosted their estimates repeatedly throughout the year. Indeed, it s been a hot year for semiconductor firms, especially smaller ones, as Advanced Micro Devices (up nearly 300%) and NVIDIA (up more than 200%) have been on a tear for much of this year. Moving Manufacturing Out Of China Could Mean Big Losses For Apple Inc. Apple could move a significant percentage of its iPhone production to the U.S. according to rumors and President-elect Donald Trump s claims. But it is still doubtful despite the political pressure.

Foxconn gets major support from government

The New York Times brought up fresh arguments on Thursday, noting again that some major U.S. tech giants, including Apple, are very dependent on Chinese manufacturing. Such firms cannot risk disrupting the trade status quo with China in a major way because that would mean huge losses for them.

Top Apple contract manufacturer Foxconn runs a massive iPhone plant in the Chinese city of Zhengzhou, which gets support in the form of numerous infrastructure investments, tax breaks and subsidies. The NYT outlined all of that in a lengthy expose that partially relied on confidential government records.

About 500,000 iPhones can be produced at the factory per day, and nearly half of global iPhone production comes from this factory. It is said that Foxconn received a payment of more than $1.5 billion from Zhengzhou s government for the purpose of building large sections of the factory, nearby employee housing, and the necessary roads and power plants.

Why is China perfect for Apple?

The NYT story complements its 2012 report, which explains why China is in a unique position to handle Apple s iPhone production needs in several ways, and it doesn t have much to do with labor costs, notes The Street.

It looked at several things with special emphasis on the speed at which Chinese plants are able to  scale up and down  in response to order changes, the number of industrial engineers and other technical workers working at them, and the presence of the various plants needed to assist with iPhone assembly, notes The Street.

Nikkei said in November that while Apple reportedly asked Foxconn and fellow contract manufacturer Pegatron to explore the idea of making iPhones in the U.S., the odds of any big shift in production are still low. Apple is also reportedly contemplating manufacturing some products in India, as labor costs there are often lower than those in China, reported The Wall Street Journal recently.

Even if Apple does not shift its production to the U.S., given Trump s tough stance towards China, the country could do enough to make life tough for it.

 Given the extent of local government support for iPhone manufacturing, there s a lot that China could do to make life less comfortable for Apple without driving iPhone manufacturing out of the country,  says The Street. Apple to trim production of its iPhone family around 10 pct on the year in Q1 2017 - Nikkei  
2016-02-07
2 New Products Apple, Inc. May Unveil Next Month Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is "currently aiming" for a product launch event on March 15, according to 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman. And when Gurman calls it, Apple rumors are about as credible as they get. His track record with information on events and products ahead of their release is solid.

What exactly is Gurman expecting at the event? Two new products: an iPad Air 3 and a smaller iPhone. Here's what there is to know about the two products, along with a bit of context about why they may matter to investors.

iPad Air 3

Apple will give its 9.7-inch tablet line its "first significant upgrade" since the iPad Air 2 launch in October 2014, Gurman predicts. He says the updated tablet will take some cues from the iPad Pro, including enhanced speakers and a Smart Connector, or Apple's new interface that connects a keyboard to the iPad.

The company may be hoping the fresh update to its iPad line could moderate declining sales in the category. Apple's iPad business, which accounted for about 9% of total revenue in its most recent quarter, has been declining on a year-over-year basis for nearly two years. In Apple's most recently reported quarter, iPad unit sales were down 25% from the year-ago quarter and iPad revenue was down 21% during the same period.

By beefing up its tablets with better speakers and Smart Connectors that enable them to connect to keyboards, Apple is increasingly blurring the lines between Macs and iPads. While the two products are still distinctly from each other, they're becoming similar enough for a small yet growing group of users who may opt to replace their notebooks with tablets. The most recent update for the iPad Air may give investors more insight into the company's evolving vision for tablets.

A smaller iPhone

In addition to the iPad Air update, Apple will "reinvigorate the 4-inch iPhone screen size" with the introduction of a new iPhone with a 4-inch display, according to Gurman. It will sport Apple's A9 chip, improved rear- and front-facing cameras, support for Live Photos, and Apple Pay, he says.

This smaller iPhone, which Gurman believes will start at $450, will improve the company's offering at this important price point. Apple's iPhone 5s, which currently also starts at $450 and also sports a 4-inch display, will be retired as this new iPhone takes its place, Gurman says.

Apple CEO Tim Cook emphasized the importance of selling iPhones at difference price points during the company's most recent earnings call, noting that the iPhone 5s is continuing to sell well.

A March launch for an iPhone would be out of the norm for the company. Apple has historically spaced out its iPhone launches by a year, introducing them every fall. But the unusual timing makes sense. With Apple now guiding for a year-over-year decline in total revenue for its current quarter, a mid-cycle iPhone launch could potentially help Apple's iPhone segment return to growth later in the year.

For now, it's looking like the event will probably take place on Gurman's predicted date. Even BuzzFeed's John Paczkowski -- another journalist with a solid track record with Apple rumors -- has confirmed the speculation for the March 15 date. 
2016-09-14
It May Be Time to Buy Apple Inc. Stock Although Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) won't be releasing opening weekend shipment numbers for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus this year, a couple of data points have emerged suggesting that the iDevice maker's new iPhones could be poised to do quite well.

For example, T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) put out a statement saying that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus "are a home run at T-Mobile."

"Pre-orders for Apple's latest have already shattered sales records in the first four days -- up more than 4x over the smash-hit iPhone 6," the statement continued. "And Friday set a single day sales record for any smartphone ever in T-Mobile US history."

It's not just T-Mobile that's bringing the good news for these new iPhones. Another major carrier, Sprint (NYSE:S), put out a statement claiming that "pre-orders of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at Sprint are up more than 375 percent in the first three days over last year."

It appears that Apple is on to something with these new iPhones. And, to cut to the chase, it would seem that the apparent success of these new iPhones could be a really good reason to buy Apple stock now. Here's why.

The iPhone 7 cycle could be quite good

In the near term, Apple may be set to have a good product cycle with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Indeed, it wouldn't come as a surprise to me at all if the company were to return to year-over-year growth with these devices -- they're simply excellent products that should both appeal to current iPhone users and could potentially drive some significant share gains at the high end of the market, to boot.

If these new iPhones can alleviate the concern among investors about Apple's ability to grow iPhone-related revenue and unit shipments, then that alone could drive multiple expansion for the stock. Combined with potential earnings growth, the stock could be poised for significant upside.

The iPhone (8) off in the distance

The iPhone 7 is an incredible technical achievement and a truly fine product. However, many seem to view it as an incremental update to the prior-generation iPhone 6s/6s Plus rather than a fundamental game-changer.

If the iPhone 7 is enough to rekindle growth, then the implication is that the follow-on to that device -- which may be called the iPhone 7s but could very well debut as the iPhone 8, given the extent of the changes that Apple is rumored to be introducing -- could actually accelerate that growth rate in the next product cycle.

Indeed, if one believes the flurry of rumors that have been making the rounds, the iPhone 8 is likely to bring -- in addition to the typical internal upgrades that the iDevice maker delivers each year -- a massive overhaul in form factor, as well as a move to a curved OLED display (which should both enhance aesthetics and lead to even better image quality).

This would be such a major leap forward from any previous iPhone that it could not only catalyze significant upgrade activity within the iPhone installed base, but it could serve to further accelerate market share gains at the high end of the smartphone market.

The prospects for this device in the marketplace, particularly in light of the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, seem almost boundless at this point.

With a couple of great years potentially ahead of Apple in terms of revenue and profit growth, it may finally be time to pick up some Apple stock if you've been sitting on the sidelines. 1 Surprise Winner Inside the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Once Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) posted key technical specs for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on its website, it became clear that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) was supplying a meaningful portion of the modems (with its XMM 7360 modem) that will go into these phones.

Obviously, this is a win for Intel. Even if the revenue impact is limited, it serves as a validation of the company's significant multi-year investment in cellular modems. However, there is a company besides Intel that could enjoy a more substantial financial boost from this development: CEVA (NASDAQ:CEVA).

What is CEVA, and how does it fit in here?

CEVA designs digital signal processors that are used in a number of applications, including cellular modems. To be clear, CEVA is an intellectual property vendor, which means that it produces a design that another company takes and integrates into a chip. Companies like CEVA usually receive up-front licensing fees for their technology and subsequent royalty payments from sales of chips incorporating their technologies.

With that in mind, it's important to note that cellular modems incorporate what are known as digital signal processors, or DSPs, to handle key processing tasks. Modems from Infineon Wireless (now Intel's wireless group) have historically used DSP cores from CEVA. In contrast, Qualcomm modems use in-house "Hexagon" DSP cores.

When Infineon Wireless/Intel Mobile was kicked out of the iPhone several generations ago, CEVA lost a significant amount of smartphone DSP business. However, with Intel seemingly back in the iPhone in a significant way, royalties from CEVA's cellular baseband-related products should be poised to increase in the coming quarters.

What kind of impact could CEVA enjoy?

Last quarter, CEVA reported collecting royalties on 225 million units shipped by its partners, 191 million of which were related to cellular modems. The company's total royalty revenue during the quarter was $9.6 million. The average per-unit royalty, then, works out to $0.0427.

If the upcoming iPhone product cycle see shipments of 120 million to 130 million units -- total unit volume is likely to be higher, but keep in mind that Apple is also selling the older iPhone 6s/6s Plus/SE which do not contain Intel modems and CEVA DSPs -- then CEVA could be looking at an additional $5.3 million in royalty revenue over that period.

Considering that CEVA generated revenue of $59.5 million in its last fiscal year, the contribution to both the top and bottom lines should be significant.

Furthermore, if Apple opts to use an Intel modem again in the successor to the iPhone 7 (something that seems likely but is hardly assured), and assuming that Intel continues to use CEVA DSPs (the successor to Intel's XMM 7360, the XMM 7480, indeed uses a CEVA DSP, according to CEVA itself), then CEVA could benefit not only from shipments of the next generation device but continued iPhone 7 volume once it becomes Apple's mid-range offering.

A nice win for CEVA

At the end of the day, Intel's success at Apple bodes well for CEVA's results in the near to medium term. If Intel proves that it can continue to win a place inside the iPhone year in and year out, and the company continues to employ CEVA technology, the longer term boost for CEVA could be significant as well. Apple hires ex-Time Warner Cable exec to oversee cloud services Apple Inc. has hired former Time Warner Cable executive Peter Stern as a vice president working on cloud services, which includes the technology company s subscription offerings such as Apple Music and a potential streaming television service.

An Apple AAPL, -0.53% spokesman confirmed the hire.

Stern will report to Eddy Cue, Apple s senior vice president of internet software and services, a person familiar with the matter said. Cue oversees Apple s growing services segment, which includes businesses like the iTunes Store, Apple Pay and Apple Music. He has also led Apple s yearslong, on-and-off negotiations with media companies for a proposed television streaming service, though those efforts haven t yet borne fruit.

Stern, 44, left Time Warner Cable earlier this year after it was bought by rival cable company Charter Communications Inc. A well-respected cable industry veteran, Stern was a key Time Warner Cable executive involved in talks with Apple a few years ago about a potential deal to offer a joint television service over an Apple set-top box, people familiar with the matter said.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.

Popular on WSJ.com:

iOS 10 Review: You don t have to buy a new iPhone.

Bayer-Monsanto deal would forge new agricultural force. Japan report says Apple and Google engage in practices undermining competition in smartphone app market - Nikkei<AAPL.O><GOOGL.O>  Time Inc will integrate Apple Pay for its customers  Twitter launches new app for Apple tv, Amazon Fire tv, Xbox  
2016-09-30
Apple Inc.'s New Chip Strategy Long-time followers of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) know that, for the most part, the iDevice maker puts out two versions of each of its processors. The first variant of a given chip family, marketed as A-something (A7, A8, A9, etc.), is targeted at the company's iPhone. Then, later on, the company will put out a more powerful 'X' variant of that same iPhone chip (A8X, A9X, etc.) that's aimed at its iPad line.

Over the last several generations, the iPhone version of an Apple chip and its iPad counterpart have been built on the same (or very similar) manufacturing technologies (this was true for the A6/A6X, A8/A8X, and A9X).

However, it is starting to look as though, at least over the next couple of generations, this strategy is poised to change. Allow me to explain.

A10/A10X should mark an interesting shift

The Apple A10 is believed to be manufactured on some flavor of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer technology. The A10X, in contrast, is expected to be manufactured in TSMC's new 10-nanometer technology.

This actually makes a lot of sense for a couple of reasons. Firstly, the A10X is likely to be much more feature rich than the A10, especially in graphics, so it should benefit from the area reduction that the newer 10-nanometer technology delivers relative to the older 16-nanometer technology.

In other words, the A10X might simply become too big to be able to manufacture economically if Apple were to try to build it in the older 16-nanometer technology.

However, there's likely more to the story. TSMC's 10-nanometer manufacturing technology is expected to go into production later this year, so the A10X will likely be one of the first products built on that technology (assuming a spring launch for the new iPads).

The A10X could serve as something of a "pipe cleaner" for this new technology, allowing TSMC and Apple to gain experience ramping millions of units of a complex mobile system-on-a-chip product, before the two companies bring the iPhone-bound A11 chip into production roughly six months afterwards.

iPad ships in far smaller volumes than iPhone does, and iPad is substantially less important to Apple's top and bottom lines than iPhone. If something goes wrong with the ramp of the A10X (say, for example, manufacturing yields are bad), then there's time to try to work out those issues before TSMC is tasked with building close to 100 million A11 chips on that process for the second half of 2017.

In other words, it's smart risk management.

Expect to see this continue for another generation

I expect that both the A11X and A12 chips for the 2018 iPad and iPhone lineups, respectively, will be manufactured in TSMC's 7-nanometer technology. TSMC has said that its 7-nanometer technology will go into production in early 2018, just in time for iPads in early 2018. That should give both Apple and TSMC plenty of experience on 7-nanometer before the ramp of the A12.

Beyond the A11X and A12, I expect this strategy to take something of a breather. Indeed, unlike 10-nanometer -- which TSMC has indicated will be a fairly short technology generation -- 7-nanometer is expected to have a long life.

At the very least, then, expect that the A12X and A13 will both be built on what should be a relatively mature 7-nanometer technology.

However, once it comes time for TSMC to transition to its 5-nanometer technology (which the company has indicated should be in the 2020 timeframe), I wouldn't be surprised to see the A13X be used to pave the way for a smooth ramp of the A14. Will These 2 New Products Boost Apple, Inc.'s Revenue? More consumers are interested in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new wireless AirPods than you might think, according to a new survey by Bank of America's investment arm Bank of America Merrill Lynch (via Business Insider). The same survey also suggested the company's second-generation Apple Watch could lead to more growth in the nascent segment. Will these two products be what Apple needs to help revenue turn upward again?

Polling 1,000 consumers

Though Apple's Sept. 7 event was focused primarily on its newest iPhones -- the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus -- it may be AirPods and Apple Watch Series 2 that investors should be thankful for. BAML's poll of 1,000 U.S. consumers regarding purchase intentions for the two devices suggests they could generate accretive revenue.

AirPods: In line with Apple's removal of the headphone jack from its newest iPhone, the company announced its first-ever Apple-branded wireless headphones at its September event. The headphones' premium price tag of $159 is high enough to provide a small boost to Apple's bottom line if even just a fraction of customers buy them. But would a fraction of Apple's customers even be interested?

As it turns out, a surprising 12% of survey respondents indicated they intend to purchase AirPods. Applying this purchase intent rate to Apple's U.S. installed base, this new product could generate $3 billion in incremental revenue for the company, BAML pointed out. While $3 billion would only represent about a $1.4% increase to Apple's annual revenue, small increases like this are notable in light of the stock's conservative valuation.

Apple Watch Series 2: Despite the fact that the second generation of Apple's new smartwatch only received internal upgrades -- and the exterior remained the same -- there's still meaningful interest in the updated version. Eight percent of respondents said they planned to buy the Watch Series 2.

Meaningful interest in the Apple Watch Series 2 is particularly notable because of the uncertainty surrounding this new product segment for Apple. It's not clear yet if wearable technology can turn into a meaningful business for the company. If BAML's estimates of purchase intent by U.S. consumers for the Apple Watch Series 2 is somewhat close to reality, the updated version of the device could be enough to help the segment continue growing meaningfully during fiscal 2016.

But Apple still needs the iPhone

While these segments could help provide the icing on the cake for Apple investors, the company will need the iPhone to hold its own for this potential upside revenue from its AirPods and Apple Watch to actually feel like a bonus. The iPhone accounted for a staggering 57% of the company's revenue in its most recently reported quarter. If the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus can't prevent a further decline in iPhone sales, accretive revenue from smaller, newer product segments simply won't be enough to return the tech company to growth.

Fortunately, Apple's paltry price-to-earnings ratio of 13 means all Apple needs from its iPhone segment is for it to maintain current levels. Other new products and services can do the rest of the work needed for the stock's price today to make sense. Of course, this is easier said than done.

Whether Apple's critical iPhone segment returns to growth in the near future or not, it's good to see budding areas with potential to supplement the company's revenue and bottom line. Apple, Inc.'s Business in Canada and South America Is Surprisingly Small Geographically speaking, investors are well aware of where Apple, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) priorities lie. Greater China is one of the company's main growth engines at this point, and continues to march toward a day when it overtakes the U.S. business. CEO Tim Cook has predicted this will occur within the next few years, but right now the U.S. is still about $25 billion larger on a trailing-12-month basis. India is the next big country to tackle, while Apple slowly continues to build out its operations in Russia.

That covers three of the BRIC countries. But what about the "B"?

Brazil is just part of the picture

It wasn't until early 2014 that Apple opened its first retail store in Brazil, and there are currently only two stores within the country. Beyond just Brazil, it may surprise you to learn that Apple's business in Canada and South America combined is actually extremely small.

Apple reports Americas as a geographical operating segment, while separately disclosing the international mix of sales in its earnings releases. We can use the inverse of this figure to calculate Apple's domestic U.S. revenue, and then compare that to the broader Americas segment. Here's what we get if we back out U.S. revenue from Americas revenue.

Americas ex-U.S. revenue, which would include all of Canada and all of South America, is typically only in the ballpark of $3 billion per quarter, plus or minus a billion or so. (The average since 2014 is $2.8 billion per quarter.) Apple has been doing quite well in emerging markets recently with various initiatives intended to make iPhones more affordable.

To be clear, Apple has long faced headwinds in Brazil, mostly in the form of massive import tariffs that make it the most expensive country in the world to buy an iPhone. The whole only-two-stores-in-the-country thing doesn't help, either (even though Apple sells through third-party distributors). The Brazilian real has also been fairly volatile in recent years, making it tricky for Apple to properly price its products as it must navigate currency translation effects (net of hedging).

Put another way, Canada and South America represent about 5% of overall revenue. It's true that the BRIC countries have experienced slowing growth and other macroeconomic headwinds recently, but it still feels like Apple could be doing more to expand its business in Canada and South America. Apple's Tired Old Macs Soon To Get Upgrades  
2016-03-30
The Hidden Problem Reflected in Apple Inc.'s New iPhone and iPad It's hard to question the most valuable company in the world's product vision, but I'm going to do just that.

Perhaps the most widely discussed tech event this month was Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) March 21 product presentation, at which the tech giant debuted a number of product changes, most notably its new 4-inch iPhone SE and updated iPad Pro.

In a technical sense, Apple's latest devices are certainly impressive, and both its new iPhone and iPad will almost assuredly help Apple sell more devices. However, in connecting Apple's most recent product launch with its overall product roadmap in recent years, I find myself wondering about something that, if true, could spell trouble for Apple and its investors: Has Apple's product development lost its revolutionary touch?

Still thinking different?

Let's kick-start this discussion with a question: What was the last product Apple produced that, in your view, was an appreciable leap forward in its category?

Apple is a company whose brand identity, for better or worse, is built upon revolution, not evolution. However, since the iPad's launch in 2010, there's a legitimate case to be made that no new Apple product has been meaningfully different from its predecessors. Even the Apple Watch -- though I remain quite bullish on its long-term potential -- is in many ways simply a wrist-sized iPod Touch. To be sure, each successive iPhone, iPad, and Mac upgrade ushers in incremental improvements across software, hardware, and design. To be clear, the overall direction is positive, and consistently so. However, they pace seems frustratingly incremental for a company that has wowed the world with such frequency.

Moreover, which of Apple's recent major product updates wasn't in part shaped by the industry, as opposed to Apple's historically independent approach to product design? The screen size increase for the iPhone 6 was pretty clearly influenced by the success of larger Android devices from Samsung, HTC, and others. The larger screen size and addition of a stylus in the iPad Pro last year appeared in part motivated by Microsoft's Surface Pro. Correct me if I'm wrong, but Apple at its best didn't react to the product machinations of competitors, which has me partially concerned.

A more nuanced take

Though one can't simply compare the past to the present, I find myself continuing to contrast Apple's recent product moves to the old story about Steve Jobs' product overhaul when he returned to Apple in the 1997. Here's Jobs talking about the renewed simplicity and focus that led to Apple's eventual string of product hits.

Apple's product portfolio remains far less complicated than the convoluted jumble Jobs described in the video. However, in recent years, the trend in Apple products' evolution has been one of broadening its offerings within each of its current platforms. This isn't necessarily a negative either. In fact, from a financial perspective, Apple's increasingly diverse suite of products is simply good business.

Apple opened the iPhone section of its March event by providing a critical piece of context. In the past year, the company sold 30 million of its 4-inch iPhones. What's more, these smaller models play particularly well among first-time iPhone buyers, particularly in key emerging markets like China. This could well reflect Apple's long-standing tendency to discount its older handsets. Last year, with its move to larger-screened flagship models, Apple's cheapest iPhones were also its smallest. Now, with updated hardware in a smaller device at a $399 starting price, it seems the new iPhone SE could become a powerful tool to draw ever-greater numbers of users into Apple's ecosystem.

More broadly, this shift speaks to the unprecedented growth challenges Apple must navigate. More so than at any time in its past, Apple must notch massive wins to deliver incremental growth to its shareholders. Last year, Apple produced roughly $234 billion in sales. To grow its sales just 10% in 2016, Apple will need to drive $23.4 billion in fresh sales. However, just 10 years ago, Apple produced $24 billion in total annual sales. Such is Apple's current scope that maintaining even moderate growth requires once unimaginable success year-in and year-out. Seen through this lens, Apple's diversifying its product portfolio to tap into various pockets of opportunity seems an understandable tactic.

What's more, with potentially revolutionary products like its Project Titan automotive initiative or its HomeKit smart-home hub -- an area I feel Apple could be well-positioned to dominate -- the firm clearly has its eyes trained on shaping the future with potentially revolutionary products. Given its longtime penchant for secrecy, Apple doesn't prioritize broadcasting these efforts.

In the end, I'm more interested here in opening the conversation than in making a strong argument one way or another on this subject. However, as someone who has followed the goings-on at the company daily for the more than five years, this subtle, Cook-era shift has come into sharper focus in recent years. Would the company have followed a similar course under the legendary Jobs? That's anyone's guess. However, though Apple's March product event was without question more derivative than watershed, it also spoke to the increased complexity that comes with being one of the world's largest companies. Mark Your Calendar: Apple, Inc.'s Earnings Report Is Coming The past 12 months have been interesting for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock, with shares soaring as high as $134 and falling as low $92. And shares could see another reason to move up or down soon when the company reports fiscal second-quarter results in April. The report, which just received a firm date of Monday, April 25, will likely mark the company's first year-over-year revenue decline in years. How will investors respond?

Ahead of Apple's second-quarter report, here's a preview of some of the items investors will likely watch when the company reports results.

Revenue: When Apple reported fiscal first-quarter results earlier this year, the company said it expected revenue of $50 to $53 billion in Q2. Interestingly, this range is significantly below the $58 billion in revenue the company reported during the second quarter of 2015.

The sudden expectation for a year-over-year decline in revenue has some investors concerned. But investors should keep in mind that these levels of revenue for Q2 still represent significant growth from where Apple was two years ago. Apple's Q2 revenue in 2014 was $45.6 billion -- a March quarter record at the time.

Following the huge success of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in fiscal 2015, it's likely that Apple may struggle to post year-over-year growth for the entire fiscal year of 2016.

iPhone sales: Apple's expectation for a year-over-year decline in revenue for 2016 inevitably leads to an analysis of iPhone sales. With iPhone sales representing 68% of the company's revenue in its most recent quarter, the segment is Apple's most significant driver of revenue, resulting in the direction of overall revenue generally reflecting the direction of iPhone sales.

It's likely, therefore, that management is modeling for its iPhone sales to reflect the overall year-over-year revenue decline it is expecting -- or even worse. If iPhone sales for the current quarter were to decline anywhere between 6.5% and 8.5% during Q2, unit sales would be about between 56 and 57 million.

Gross profit margin: Apple management provided guidance for its closely watched gross profit margin metric for Q2 of 39% to 39.5% -- a range below the company's gross profit margin of 40.8% in the year-ago quarter. With the company's iPhone unit sales for Q2 expected to be lower than the year-ago quarter, the expected decline in Apple's gross profit margin makes sense; the company has said its iPhone segment is its most profitable segment.

iPhone SE: One area investors will likely hone in on when the company reports second-quarter results is any mention of how well the tech giant's new iPhone SE is fairing in the market. Launched ahead of Apple's typical September flagship iPhone refreshes, and priced $250 lower than the starting price for its flagship iPhone 6s, the overhauled lower-cost phone marks a new strategy for the company. Could the company's decision to strengthen its lower-cost offering offset year-over-year declines for the rest of the year?

Of course, investors should keep in mind that the March-launched iPhone SE won't likely have a significant impact on iPhone sales for the current quarter since deliveries don't begin until March 31 -- the last day of Q2. Still, with Apple's second-quarter report taking place more than three weeks into Q3, management will likely have more insight when it reports second-quarter results into just how much of an impact the phone can have on iPhone sales this year.

Ultimately, investors will be watching to see whether Q2's results, guidance, and commentary might signal more tough year-over-year comparisons ahead -- or provide hope for a return to growth in the near future. Apple wants the FBI to reveal how it hacked the San Bernardino killer's iPhone Apple Inc. refused to give the FBI software the agency desperately wanted. Now Apple is the one that needs the FBI's assistance.

The FBI announced Monday that it managed to unlock an iPhone 5c belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters without the help of Apple. And the agency has shown no interest in telling Apple how it skirted the phone's security features, leaving the tech giant guessing about a vulnerability that could compromise millions of devices.

"One way or another, Apple needs to figure out the details," said Justin Olsson, product counsel at security software maker AVG Technologies. "The responsible thing for the government to do is privately disclose the vulnerability to Apple so they can continue hardening security on their devices."

But that's not how it's playing out so far. The situation illuminates a process that usually takes place in secret: Governments regularly develop or purchase hacking techniques for law enforcement and counterterrorism efforts, and put them to use without telling affected companies.

What's different in this case is that the world has been watching from the start. After Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife killed 14 people in December, the government publicly sought a court order to compel Apple to unlock Farook's work phone. Apple opposed that order, heightening long-standing tensions between Silicon Valley and law enforcement.

Now that the FBI has dropped its case against Apple, there's a new ethical dilemma: Should tech companies be made aware of flaws in their products, or should law enforcement be able to deploy those bugs as crime-fighting tools?

It's unclear whether the FBI's hacking technique will work on other versions of the iPhone, though a law enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said its applications were limited.

Some news outlets citing anonymous sources have identified Israeli police technology maker Cellebrite as the undisclosed third party helping the government, but neither the company nor the FBI has confirmed those reports.

A source who is unauthorized to discuss the case told The Times the FBI was provided with the ability to incorrectly guess more than 10 passwords without permanently rendering the phone's data inaccessible. That allowed the agency to use software to run through potential pass codes until it landed on the correct one. It is not clear what info, if any, was gleaned from the phone.

Attorneys for Apple are researching legal tactics to compel the government to turn over the specifics, but the company had no update on its progress Tuesday.

The FBI could argue that the most crucial information is part of a nondisclosure agreement, solely in the hands of the outside party that assisted the agency, or cannot be released until the investigation is complete.

Many experts agree that the government faces no obvious legal obligation to provide information to Apple. But authorities, like professional security researchers, have recognized that a world in which computers are crucial in commerce and communications shouldn't be riddled with technical security flaws.

SIGN UP for the free California Inc. business newsletter >>

Even the White House's cybersecurity coordinator has acknowledged there are times when more people could be harmed by an unfixed security issue than helped by the government covertly using the loophole as part of an investigation.

A secretive White House-led procedure governs whether companies get notified of potential flaws.

Officials involved in the multi-agency deliberations   called the Vulnerabilities Equities Process   consider the risks and rewards of keeping flaws secret, according to federal records. They weigh whether the government could get the information in some other way and how likely it is someone else will discover the same vulnerability.

Federal officials have maintained that they lean toward private disclosure of a newly discovered vulnerability in the majority of cases.

But in some cases, federal agents have apparently benefited from previously unknown technical slip-ups by software developers.

The National Security Agency, though it denies the claim, reportedly took advantage of a flaw in the way websites transmit sensitive data for two years before private researchers uncovered the issue in 2014. Attorneys in two other cases have accused the FBI of using bugs in the Tor Internet browser to identify suspected criminals.

Apple's anxiety is understandable. No tech company wants a major security gap in its products   and most are given months of warning to fix issues before they are made public by the researchers who discover them.

That's why Apple sees the government holding a moral obligation to disclose details of its hacking technique.

"Apple's best chance is to make a compelling case that the disclosure of this exploit is in the interest of national security, as in, if it remains undisclosed and undiscovered, it potentially puts innocent users at risk of data breach," AVG's Olsson said.

Apple stated in court filings that part of the reason its executives feared developing software to circumvent iPhone security features was that once created, it could end up in the wrong hands. That same argument could come into play with the disclosure issue if Apple makes a public plea that the government and the outside group can't properly safeguard the technique. Last year, an Italian company that bought and sold bugs saw its entire database leaked onto the Internet. The security issue could explain why the FBI and the outside party are being so secretive about the process.

There's also the concern that now that an iPhone can be hacked, others will try. The iPhone has been seen as "a tiny little Fort Knox that from the outside has shown very hard to get into," said Kevin Bocek, vice president of security strategy and threat intelligence at Venafi.

The San Bernardino situation changes the dynamics, providing a reason for "cybercriminals and amateur hackers to come out of the woodwork," said Peter Tran, a general manager at RSA's advanced cyber defense group.

Although someone helped the FBI crack the iPhone, probably in exchange for money, other people who stumble upon the same hacking technique could choose to sell to cyberthieves or other governments. An extensive underground online network, concentrated in Eastern Europe, does just that everyday, Bocek said. Apple For The Next 40 Years In the sea of analysis on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and talk about the disruptive or not disruptive in the new iPhone SE I miss a sound, down to earth analysis of the long-term returns an investor can expect. In order to do that I'm going to make a scenario based on AAPL's current financials and customer trends.

What do we get for the current price of $110?

That gets $38.8 in cash per share of which 93% is outside of the US. AAPL is waiting for a tax holiday in order to repatriate that cash without paying the 35% US corporate income tax rate. The last time a tax holiday was voted by the US Congress was in 2004 when corporations were allowed to repatriate offshore cash at a tax rate of 5.25%. Corporations brought $362 billion to the US economy on that occasion. This is essential for long-term investors as sooner or later the tax holiday will probably be voted and AAPL's offshore cash will be available for dividends and buybacks.

The issue with the tax holiday is that we cannot know when or if it will be voted but looking at the logic behind it I find it an inevitable thing. If Trump wins the elections the tax holiday is practically a sure thing. On the other hand, in 2009 the US Senate voted against a new tax holiday so it all boils down to the current political situation and we all know how that, like the markets, is always in a continuous change.

If the tax holiday is not voted AAPL will just continue to keep its cash invested abroad and collect interest on it until better political times arise for AAPL's cash. In case of need AAPL can always bring home some cash and pay the US tax. The offshore cash is invested in various securities that yield $2.9 billion in interest and dividends, implying a 1.4% yield on the cash and investments (2015-10K). Therefore, it is very logical that AAPL uses debt to finance repurchases and dividends while it waits for a tax holiday seeing that the weighted average interest rate AAPL pays for its debt is around 1.97%. When including the benefit of AAPL's effective tax rate of 26.1% there is no loss in the continuation of such behavior.

I think AAPL should raise its debt to the level of cash it has and use the $150 billion for repurchases and dividends. This possibility will probably feed the new capital return program due in March 2017. With a constantly lower number of outstanding shares and higher capital return programs long-term investors are in for a treat. Let us take a look at the long-term business perspectives for AAPL and see if they are stable enough to feed the continuation of the high return and growth.

Long-term scenario

For a long-term scenario, we have to look at the product and at the developments in future sales. As I'm sure everyone is very familiar with the product (even with a miserable ad budget of $1.8 billion in 2015 or 0.7% of sales) I will focus on the latter part. AAPL has reached the milestone of 1 billion active devices. With a customer retention rate close to 90% we can easily estimate future revenues for AAPL.

Figure 1 AAPL's retention rate

Source: statista.com

If we assume that you can use a phone for two years on average, or let us say three to be more conservative and also include other products that are not upgraded so often, we can assume that AAPL will sell around 300 million devices per year just to satisfy the current customer base.

Figure 2 AAPL's unit sales by product and relative revenue.

Source: AAPL's 10-K

The estimated 300 million unit sales are just 6.6 million shy of AAPL's unit sales in 2015 that brought total sales of $233.7 billion and net income of $53.4 billion. Thus AAPL's numbers in the future will be similar to AAPL's numbers in 2015. Such a stable scenario with the constant decrease in the number of shares outstanding is already a good sign for the long-term investor. The number of outstanding shares has decreased by 6.1% in 2014 and 5.5% in 2015.

Figure 3 AAPL's number of shares outstanding

Source: AAPL's 10-K

If we estimate a constant decrease in the number of shares outstanding of 5% per year and the above mentioned constant scenario AAPL's EPS would grow at a rate of 4.7% per year.

Table 1 AAPL's future earnings in a stable scenario

Source: Author's estimation

As the 1st of April is AAPL's 40-year anniversary by extrapolating the current buyback trend for the next 40 years AAPL would end with only 700 million shares and EPS of $74.53 (keeping current earnings constant) in 2056. Here we do not even consider AAPL's potential new products that could even increase its market share or global GDP growth and population increases.

AAPL is undervalued when compared to general market

With a PE ratio of 11.7 and a stable future outlook with a loyal consumer base I find AAPL very undervalued in comparison to the market where the S&P 500 average PE ratio is 22.42. AAPL's revenue grew by 21.1% per year in the last four years and it is very unusual to see such a low PE ratio attached to such marvelous growth. AAPL's PE ratio is similar to the IBM's (NYSE:IBM) PE of 11.10 and IBM has seen revenue falling by a yearly average of 5.5% in the last four years. With the current customer base, the new iPhone SE and the 90% customer retention rate I do not see AAPL's revenue declining by 5% per year as the current stock price is suggesting. Another comparable stock is Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) that has seen declining earnings in the last four years and revenue growing by only 7.7% per year but boosts a healthy PE ratio of 38.5. AAPL's real undervaluation can be seen by comparing it to Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) that had similar revenue growth as AAPL in the last four years (22.1% per year) and has a PE ratio of 475.

Conclusion

AAPL has been around for 40 years now. According to the Lindy effect where the longer a technology has been around, the longer it's likely to stay around it is more and more probable, day by day, AAPL will be around for another 40 years. Applying the Lindy effect on the iPhone and other AAPL's products should imply that AAPL's sales will increase in the future and not decrease as the market is suggesting given the current valuations. The $38.8 of cash per share and the high customer loyalty rate give a large margin of safety which makes AAPL a low risk long-term investment. Any positive catalysts like a probable tax holiday a new innovative iPhone that will most likely come out in September if APPL continues on its current iPhone development cycle can only add to the stable returns an investor can expect from AAPL at this moment. To conclude, by buying AAPL now an investor gets limited downside, current EPS of $9.22, a dividend of $2.04, indirect returns by repurchases of about 5% of the number of outstanding shares per year and the potential AAPL has to positively surprise the market with innovative products. Apple Says Supply Chain Now 100% Audited for Conflict Minerals Apple Inc. has reached what it s calling a milestone in supply-chain transparency, saying it s now auditing 100 percent of its suppliers for the use of conflict minerals linked to violent militia groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The iPhone maker has been working since 2010 to remove minerals connected to these groups from its supply chain, and while it isn t yet declaring its products totally conflict-free, the company said all of its 242 smelters and refiners of tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold are now subject to third-party audits. That figure is up from about 88 percent at the end of 2014 and 44 percent in 2013, according to an annual filing the company will release Wednesday.

 We could have very easily chosen a path of re-routing our supply and declared ourselves conflict-free long ago, but that would have done nothing to help the people on the ground,  Apple Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams said.  We chose to engage with as many smelters as possible because the only way to have an impact here is to reach critical mass. 

Apple, which uses the minerals in its mobile-phone processors, motherboards and screen displays, is required to investigate its supply chain for the presence of the minerals under a rule stemming from the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act. The law is meant to choke off revenue to violent militia groups in the African nation and adjacent countries.

More than 1,300 companies file annual conflict minerals reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, but few have been able to fully audit their supply chains and determine if their products are free of the minerals. Only a handful, such as chipmaker Intel Corp. and tantalum capacitor maker Kemet Corp., have been able to say they sell conflict-free products.

 Embarrassing  Suppliers

To reach a fully audited supply chain, Apple spent five years  cajoling, persuading, and even embarrassing suppliers by publishing their names,  Williams said. Apple has spent hundreds of hours in the region and also kicked out 35 smelters from its supply chain because they wouldn t participate in the audits. The Cupertino, California-based company started saying in 2014 that it would end supply contracts with companies that didn t take part in the audits.

 Despite our best efforts, we felt they were at risk of continuing to buy metals from armed groups,  Williams said.

While for some companies the simplest approach to eliminating conflict minerals would be to source outside of the region, manufacturers "should be working with suppliers to improve whatever conditions are happening because a de facto embargo would have negative consequences and undercut the effort to create a transparent supply chain," said Stephen D Esposito, president of Resolve, an organization that works with businesses and governments on mining, oil and gas issues.

Apple has actually more than doubled the size of its minerals supply chain over that period, from 109 unaudited smelters and refiners in 2010 to the 242 audited suppliers today.

Though all of its smelters and refiners are now audited, Apple says it stopped short of declaring itself conflict-free because it wants to focus on improving issue resolution and responses to incident reports by suppliers that could include smuggling or fraud for small amounts of minerals that might get back to armed groups.

 There is a lot more work to do,  said Leah Butler, program director of the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative, which conducts supply chain audits for Apple and other companies.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The group audits 214 companies, up from just two when it started the process in 2010, she said. There are more than 300 smelters and refiners who convert metal to ore, and some metals have a more controlled supply chain than others. While almost 100 percent of the tantalum supply chain is now audited, it s only about 80 percent audited for tin, 90 percent for tungsten and just 65 percent for gold, she said.

Apple plans to spend the coming year enhancing the due diligence in its gold supply chain and working to improve incident reporting and resolution processes, Williams said. 
2016-11-14
Apple Considers Wearables Expansion With Digital Glasses Apple Inc. is weighing an expansion into digital glasses, a risky but potentially lucrative area of wearable computing, according to people familiar with the matter.

QuickTake An App Up Your Sleeve

While still in an exploration phase, the device would connect wirelessly to iPhones, show images and other information in the wearer s field of vision, and may use augmented reality, the people said. They asked not to be identified speaking about a secret project.

Apple has talked about its glasses project with potential suppliers, according to people familiar with those discussions. The company has ordered small quantities of near-eye displays from one supplier for testing, the people said. Apple hasn t ordered enough components so far to indicate imminent mass-production, one of the people added.

Should Apple ultimately decide to proceed with the device, it would be introduced in 2018 at the earliest, another person said. The Cupertino, California-based company tests many different products and is known to pivot, pause, or cancel projects without disclosing them. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is under pressure to deliver new products amid slowing sales of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of Apple s revenue. In July, he expressed enthusiasm for augmented reality after the rise of Pokemon Go, a location-based game that uses the technology. AR, as it s known, adds images and other digital information to people s view of the real world, while virtual reality completely surrounds them with a computer-generated environment.

The glasses may be Apple s first hardware product targeted directly at AR, one of the people said. Cook has beefed up AR capabilities through acquisitions. In 2013, Apple bought PrimeSense, which developed motion-sensing technology in Microsoft Corp. s Kinect gaming system. Purchases of software startups in the field, Metaio Inc. and Flyby Media Inc., followed in 2015 and 2016.

 AR can be really great, and we have been and continue to invest a lot in this,  Cook said in a July 26 conference call with analysts.  We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. 

Apple has AR patents for things like street view in mapping apps. It was also awarded patents for smart glasses that make use of full-fledged virtual reality. Apple is unlikely to leverage VR in a mass-consumer product, Cook suggested in October.

"I can t imagine everyone in here getting in an enclosed VR experience while you re sitting in here with me, but I could imagine everyone in here in an AR experience right now," he said during an onstage discussion in Utah.

Apple s challenge is fitting all the technology needed into a useful pair of internet-connected glasses that are small and sleek enough for regular people to wear. Google s attempt to develop internet-connected eye wear flopped in part because its tiny battery ran out quickly. Google Glass, as it was called, also suffered a privacy backlash and poor public perception of its external design.

After that disappointment, technology companies largely turned their immediate focus to VR and away from AR. Google recently introduced a VR headset alongside its Pixel smartphone, and Facebook Inc. s Oculus VR unit has teamed up with Samsung Electronics Co. on a similar headset. Microsoft has the most public AR offering. Its HoloLens product shows holographic images in a user s field of vision.

Apple s effort may be more difficult because the chips, batteries and other components that will be available in a year or two may still not be small enough and powerful enough to build slim glasses capable of handling compelling AR experiences.

However, given time, technical challenges may play to Apple s strengths. The company specializes in turning technology that others have struggled with into easy-to-use devices for the masses. For example, Apple simplified fingerprint technology into an unlocking mechanism for the iPhone and took touch screens mainstream with the original iPhone.

Augmented reality  is going to take a while, because there are some really hard technology challenges there, but it will happen in a big way, and we will wonder when it does, how we ever lived without it,  Cook said last month.  Like we wonder how we lived without our phone today." The Next Thing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Kill Two rumors about upcoming Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) product releases show the next target on AAPL s hit list: the display bezel. Analysts are calling for an all-new 10.9-inch iPad in 2017, followed by super-sized iPhone 8 models.

Source: Apple

According to a report from Barclays, all three new Apple devices will lose the display bezel, sporting edge-to-edge displays.

The bezel is the frame that surrounds the display on a laptop or mobile device. No-one particularly likes looking at a bezel, but for years they have been a necessary design element. The bezel provides structural strength, and on smartphones and tablets it provides a place for manufacturers to incorporate physical buttons.

Why the Bezel Gets the Ax

So why would Apple want to get rid of the bezel on the iPhone 8 and the new iPad model it s expected to introduce next year?

Visual appeal is high on the list, but there is a more practical purpose as well. Get rid of the bezel, and you can fit a larger display in the same size form factor.

In the case of the new MacBook Pro, Apple chose to keep the same 15.4-inch and 13.3-inch Retina displays as previous models. However, the smaller bezel means the overall physical size of the notebooks   their footprint   is smaller. This is a similar tactic to that used by Dell. The  Infinity Display  in its XPS 13 allows for a laptop that s close in size to an 11-inch notebook.

What s Being Said About the iPhone 8 and New iPad Model

MacRumors published details of a report released by Barclays research analysts, who cited sources within AAPL s Asian supply chain as their sources.

According to the analysts, two new iPhone models will feature bezel-free displays. The iPhone 8 will have edge-to-edge, curved glass displays, free of bezels. The curved edge display is a feature pioneered by rival Samsung (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ) in its Galaxy Edge phones. Getting rid of bezels altogether on the iPhone 8 will require incorporating the Home button within the display.

Apple took the first step toward this with the iPhone 7, which features a solid-state home button, replacing the traditional physical button. So AAPL should have the technical know-how to manage this.

Next Page Greenlight Capital cuts share stake in Apple, Michael Kors  Tiger Global Management raises share stake in Apple, cuts share stake in Amazon  
2016-07-20
1 Major Factor Negatively Impacting Apple, Inc.'s Earnings When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reports fiscal third-quarter financial results on July 26, analysts are expecting a painful 25% year-over-year decline in the tech giant's earnings per share. This is a particularly steep decline in EPS considering analysts are anticipating a meaningfully more modest year-over-year decline in revenue of 15.3% during the same period. The bleak outlook for Apple's earnings highlights why the stock is trading at just 11.1 times earnings at the time of this writing.

But what exactly is the key driver behind Apple's much lower EPS this quarter compared to the year-ago quarter? One major reason analysts are expecting EPS to fall faster than revenue is the company's contracting gross profit margin.

Apple's gross profit margin history

With the help of Apple's launch of iPhone 6 in Sept. 2014, the tech giant's gross profit margins began to improve significantly. Soaring iPhone sales and higher-priced iPhones benefited the company's gross profit margin. Largely driven by pent-up demand for iPhones with larger displays, iPhone sales jumped about 46% in the first full quarter of the iPhone 6 lineup's availability. As Apple's most profitable product segment, iPhone accounting for more of its total revenue meant its corporate gross profit margin received a nice boost. Furthermore, the new lineup boasted a higher-priced flagship iPhone option in its first "Plus" version, and Apple also introduced a third and more expensive storage tier with 128 GB. Together, more expensive purchase options drove the average selling price for iPhone higher in the upcoming quarters, and higher selling prices for Apple's iPhones also meant the company's gross profit margin increased, as its more expensive iPhone models boasted higher profit margins.

Between the fourth quarter of 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2015, Apple's gross profit margin increased from 37.5% to 40%.

But now the same factors that were recently working for Apple's gross profit margin are now working against it. Apple's iPhone sales have turned downward and its average selling price is declining. In Apple's most recent quarter, iPhone unit sales declined 16% year over year, iPhone average selling price declined almost 3%, and the company's gross profit margin subsequently narrowed from 40.8% to 39.4%.

For Apple's third fiscal quarter of 2016, the continued trend of declining iPhone sales is expected to negatively impact the company's gross profit margin again. For Q3, management said it expects its gross profit margin to be between 37.5% and 38% -- down from 39.7% in the year-ago quarter.

As Apple's gross profit margin narrows, its leveraging the negative impact of Apple's falling revenue on the company's earnings, making net income and earnings per share fall more steeply.

It could get worse

In the near term, there's no quick solution to Apple's declining gross profit margin. Indeed, comparisons could get even worse going forward if the company keeps up with its new strategy of introducing lower-cost iPhones. In late March, Apple broke from its normal annual iPhone cycle and released its lowest-priced new iPhone ever: iPhone SE. With a starting price of $399, the smaller iPhone costs a whopping $250 less than the starting price of Apple's lowest-priced flagship iPhone 6s. If Apple continues to beef up its offerings at lower price points, this could begin to erode the company's gross profit margin even further.

Fortunately, Apple's conservative price-to-earnings ratio of 11.1 prices in current gross profit margin headwinds. But if this negative gross profit margin trend continues to erode profitability as fast as it has in recent quarters even into the iPhone 7 cycle, investors may have to rethink the company's ability to sustain current levels of profitability. Breaking: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Enormous Opportunity in India "

iPhone sales made up 4.6% of the overall smartphones sold in India's top 30 cities between October and December 2015. " iPhone sales made up 4.6% of the overall smartphones sold in India's top 30 cities between October and December 2015.

"

Foxconn is reportedly interested in a 1,200-acre area of land. The manufacturing plant built on this land is said to focus purely on iPhone manufacturing. " Source: 9to5 Mac Foxconn is reportedly interested in a 1,200-acre area of land. The manufacturing plant built on this land is said to focus purely on iPhone manufacturing.

As Apple Inc. sees slowing growth in China along with an ever combative relationship with the communist regime, India is moving in a totally different direction. The country will represent the second largest smartphone market to China as of 2017, overtaking the United States. Here's the growth from our friends at Statista.But, while that growth looks ever so enticing, up until this year, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had essentially zero success in India, and for good reason.While skeptics of Apple Inc. will point to lower income levels in India, which is true, and the inability for the majority of consumers to afford an Apple iPhone, which is also true, that has not been the reason for a slow growing Apple Inc. presence in the country.India has imposed a 30% sourcing rule on all foreign companies, which in English means that Apple Inc. would have had to source at least 30% of its components from India. That simple rule had created a barrier for Apple that left it with just 1% of the smartphone market share in India. But the rules started moving just a tad earlier this year.India's Prime Minister had hinted at the idea of a special designation for certain industries that would allow a side-stepping of the 30% rule. One of those designations was for a segment broadly called "state-of-the-art" or "cutting edge" technology." When Apple CEO Tim Cook visited India in May, CML Pro broke the news that Apple was in fact going to fall under that designation, meaning all of a sudden the local sourcing rule would be waved for a few years and Apple could jump in to India's market.But, the move wasn't that easy. In an odd power struggle, India's finance minister didn't like the deal and declared that Apple Inc. would not get special treatment. That narrative swung back and forth for some time, but today's news is the final chapter, and it's an enormous opportunity for Apple.As the gentlemanly power struggle continued in India, Apple Inc. was making great progress. In fact, Quartz reported in March a huge turn for Apple.Then, data surrounding Apple's iPhone came out from IDC which looked even better.That's a chart of the "tier-I" cities in India, where much of the country's wealth is held. But Apple had been planning for this move for a while. In fact, at CML Pro we believed that one of the major pushes for the new iPhone SE, the less expensive small screen iPhone with revamped technology, was made so that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) would have a new iPhone that was more affordable for India and its enormous smartphone market.As Apple's attempts to sell refurbished iPhones in India was declined, Apple needed a new product, and the iPhone SE was it.But Apple didn't stop there. Apple's famed supplier, Foxconn, announced plans to open a $10 billion iPhone manufacturing plant in India. Here's a snippet from 9to5 Mac.But Apple Inc. didn't stop there, either. The company announced on May 16th that it would open a development center in India that would employ 150 people.The breaking news now shows us that Apple has been given the green light to open its own Apple Stores in India with what looks like a three-year "pass" for the local sourcing rule, and that means what once was a 1% market share that has now grown to a 5.8% market share in tier-I cities, could now be much larger.The opportunity for Apple Inc. in India is enormous. The cooperation from the Indian government has been a breath of fresh air for Apple Inc. and it starts to look like all of a sudden Apple has enormous room to grow with its iPhone.While lower incomes in India will still be a large part of the narrative, the bottom line is, the breaking news has confirmed that Apple Inc. now has access to the second largest smartphone market in the world, has a brand new iPhone developed just for that purpose, and now will have the ability to brand itself properly with its Apple stores. Morgan Stanley pointed out earlier this year that only 50% of India's population had even heard of the Apple Inc. brand.Let's take that poll again in a year, and something tells us we'll see a spike in that number, and in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone sales. For now, Apple Inc. has found an enormous opportunity in India, and a very willing partner. A New Partnership Between Apple And Yahoo!?  Will Apple Inc. (AAPL) Weakness Hurt Skyworks Solutions Inc (SKWS) Earnings? Will Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Weakness Hurt Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ:SKWS) Earnings?

Skyworks Solutions (SWKS) Information Technology   Semiconductors | Reports July 21, After Market Closes

Key Takeaways

The Estimize consensus is looking for earnings per share of $1.22 on $752.36 million in revenue, 1 cent higher than Wall Street on the bottom line and $2 million on the top

Skyworks heavy reliance on waning iPhone sales are expected to take a toll on earnings

In an effort to reduce dependence on the smartphone market, Skyworks has built out a number of new businesses including the burgeoning Internet of Things

What are you expecting for SWKS? Get your estimate in here!

A tough macroeconomic environment and lower demand for chips has caused a broad decline in the semiconductor industry. It hasn t helped that many of these companies provide key parts to Apple s iPhone which can not seem to find its footing. Skyworks Solutions has unfortunately been on the wrong end of both. As the company heads into its fiscal third quarter expect to see negative growth for the first time in over 2 years.

The Estimize consensus is looking for earnings per share of $1.22 on $752.36 million in revenue, 1 cent higher than Wall Street on the bottom line and $2 million on the top. Compared to year earlier this reflects a 9% decline in earnings and 7% in sales. Analysts have significantly cut estimates and few banks have downgraded the stock, to reflect what should be a weak earnings report. Shares of Skyworks are down 33.9% in the past 12 months.

ChartEPS

Skyworks is best known for its mobile connectivity solutions found in popular handsets such as the iPhone and Samsung Galaxy S7. With the smartphone market approaching saturation, companies like Skyworks have seen growth rates drastically decline. Last quarter featured single digit growth for the first time in nearly 2 fiscal years with Q1 expected to turn red. Unfortunately smaller companies like Skyworks, Qrvo and Cirrus all depend heavily on iPhone sales which have seen a considerable slowdown in the past year

In an effort to reduce dependence on the smartphone market, Skyworks has built out a number of new businesses in higher growth markets. The company has positioned itself as a leader in the Internet of Things trend, with each quarter bringing new product wins. Other ventures have included smartwatches, smart TVs, and GPS tracking devices. In the meantime, earnings will continue to be influenced by the state of the smartphone market.

ChartRev

Do you think SWKS can beat estimates? There is still time to get your estimate in here!

Photo Credit: Omar Jordan Fawahl Here's Why Apple's Rebound is Only Just Beginning Grant Wasylik: As Apple goes, so goes the market. That s a phrase that many investors truly believe. And maybe with good reason.

The stock certainly captures a lot of attention in the investment world.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a prime constituent in some of the most widely-followed U.S. equity benchmarks:

2.9% weight   and largest component   in the S&P 500 Index.

10.2% weight   and largest component   in the Nasdaq-100 Index.

3.7% weight   and 13th-largest holding   in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

The reason Apple isn t the largest component in the DJIA is because the index is price-weighted. Meaning, companies with higher absolute share prices receive higher weights.

As you d expect, Apple s dominance shows up in the growing ETF market. (Global ETF assets are over $3 trillion.) Check out Apple s weighting and market value in the five largest U.S. equity ETFs:

Now, we know Apple, itself, doesn t actually drive the stock market. (We can count on thousands of stocks for that.) But, relatively speaking, it makes up a large part of it.

Chances are if you re invested in index mutual funds and ETFs in your 401(k) or other taxable and non-taxable brokerage accounts, AAPL is your biggest position. Especially if you have a big chunk of your assets in large caps, as most investors do.

So, Apple stock should be important to most investors. Where is its stock price headed next?

My guess is up. Here are three reasons why  

First, Apple has been one of the most successful retail stores ever. It s the world s largest music retailer   it grabs a lion s share of the profits from the mammoth mobile phone market, and it has incredible brand loyalty.

Second, the company has $55 billion in cash on its balance sheet. Whether it uses that to continue increasing its dividend (hiked it 10% in April   an attractive yield of 2.3%), buy back more of its stock (Board of Directors authorized an increase of $50 billion to the company s program to return capital to shareholders   $250 billion by March 2018), make strategic acquisitions, or spend on research and development   it will probably make the right decisions, as it has in the past. Heck, it will most likely do all of those things.

And third, the stock is a value play with a P/E ratio of 11! In other words, an investor can expect to pay about $11 in order to receive $1 of AAPL s earnings.

What should you look for on the upside? Or when is it time to possibly steer clear of Apple stock?

For that answer, I m going to show you the results of a study from our friends at The Leuthold Group. (See my note at the end to learn more about Leuthold   I m fortunate to have access to their information.)

Last month, they updated their esteemed  Four Percent Club  chart.

This chart shows companies that have reached a 4% weighting in the S&P 500 since 1990. As you can see, NONE of them have stayed in the club.

In fact, not one of the four prior members (Microsoft, General Electric, Cisco Systems and ExxonMobil) were able to stay in the club for very long. 12 months, 15 months, one month and 12 months, respectively.

Apple, on the other hand, had two stays in the  Four Percent Club.  Albeit, two short stays. The first appearance was only 10 months. And the reappearance lasted just two months.

Here s what Leuthold said in their June write-up:

From the dizzying heights of a $775 billon valuation on February 23rd, 2015, Apple s market cap suffered a series of slides and hiccups, and eventually breached the $500 billion mark on May 12th, 2016. So, in just over 14 months, the value of Apple declined by the equivalent of one General Electric or two IBMs. Poof, gone. Looking back at the performance history of past Four Percenters, we probably shouldn t be surprised by Apple s rapid descent. Also, in brief periods of February and May of this year, Alphabet (Google to me and you) passed its Silicon Valley rival in market cap and held the title of most valuable publicly traded firm. During this very same time span, as the overall market fluctuated down and then back up to where it started, Apple s tech titan brethren experienced phenomenal performance. The four firms of Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, and Facebook added a combined $487 billion to their market caps. This performance divide has created an entirely new P/E multiple landscape for these firms. Apple, with a bank-like P/E ratio, now stands out in this group as a screaming value play.



Source: The Leuthold Group

If you aren t aware of how much Apple stock you own across your portfolios, you should do some quick homework  

Morningstar s website is a great place to start. Punch the ticker of a mutual fund or ETF in the quote box at the top of the page   Click the  Portfolio  tab   and then click the  Holdings  tab. Once you do that, you ll see the top 25 holdings and weights of each holdings. Chances are   if the fund holds AAPL, it will be on that page. For a full list of a fund s holdings, you can visit a fund family s website.

If you don t own much Apple stock, I d consider buying here.

But remember, if Apple climbs its way back into the  Four Percent Club  for a third time, don t expect it to stay there for long.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares rose to $100.04, up $0.17 (+0.17%) in premarket trading Wednesday. AAPL has fallen about 5% year-to-date, but is up around 11% from its May 2016 lows.

This article brought to you by Grant Wasylik of Uncommon Wisdom. 
2016-01-19
3 Reasons Apple Inc. Shouldn't Buy Time Warner Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) might be interested in buying media giant Time Warner (NYSE:TWX), according to a recent New York Post report. The Post claims that Apple is one of "a handful of companies" eyeing the company, which is reportedly under pressure from activist investors to either sell itself or spin off some assets.

After shedding about 16% of its market value over the past 12 months, Time Warner now has a market cap of around $56 billion. Apple finished last quarter with $205.7 billion in cash and equivalents, but only $21.1 billion of that hoard is in the United States. Instead of repatriating its overseas cash and being taxed, Apple would likely take on more debt (as it does for buybacks) or use its own stock to buy the company.

By buying Time Warner, Apple could revive its streaming TV plans, which were suspended last December. Time Warner's portfolio of films, HBO shows, and best-selling video games would diversify Apple's top line away from the iPhone, which generated over 60% of its sales last quarter. But despite those benefits, there are three big problems which will likely prevent Apple from buying Time Warner.

1. Mismatched margins

On the top line, Apple and Time Warner's growth looks comparable. Analysts expect Apple to grow its sales 1.9% annually this fiscal year and 5.8% next year. They expect Time Warner to post 4.5% sales growth this year and 4.9% growth next year. Based on their projected revenues for the year, Time Warner's business would generate 11% of the combined company's annual sales.

But on the bottom line, things get trickier. Apple mainly sells high margin hardware, while Time Warner's media business has lower margins. Therefore, buying Time Warner would slightly reduce Apple's margins across the board.

2. Apple already has HBO

Much of Time Warner's price decline can be attributed to cord cutting fears. In response to those concerns, Time Warner launched HBO Now, a cable-free subscription-based streaming service, last year. Apple already integrated HBO Now into iTunes and Siri search, while Apple TV and iOS users gained early access to the previous season of Game of Thrones.

That streamlined relationship is ideal for Apple, but buying all of HBO and Time Warner's other cable networks isn't. Doing so would require Apple to deal with cord cutters, fickle advertisers, and relationships with pay TV providers. Buying Time Warner also wouldn't give Apple digital exclusivity to all of its content, due to existing agreements with other pay TV providers.

Last quarter, HBO's revenues grew 4.8% to $1.4 billion, but Turner's revenues fell 2% to $2.4 billion. To restore that balance, Apple would need to shift leading networks like CNN to digital platforms, eliminate weaker networks, and greenlight new shows. That could be far too much for Apple media chief Eddy Cue, who oversees services like iTunes and Apple Music, to handle.

3. Netflix would be a better fit

If Apple is willing to spend about $60 billion on Time Warner, it would make more sense to buy Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), which has a market cap of about $45 billion, instead. Netflix has a growing slate of well-received original programs like House of Cards, Orange is the New Black, Daredevil, and Jessica Jones. Its app has been widely distributed across all sorts of hardware, and cord cutters strengthen its business.

By buying Netflix instead of Time Warner, Apple wouldn't need to worry about advertisers or pay-TV providers. Furthermore, its iOS hardware and iTunes could give it the market clout to negotiate better terms with content providers than Netflix. While Apple wouldn't likely turn Netflix into an iOS exclusive service, it could offer iOS users early exclusive episodes of popular Netflix series.

However, this theory also has two big flaws -- Netflix has much lower margins than Time Warner, and it has a whopping P/E of 277. Time Warner is much cheaper at just 16 times earnings, which is significantly lower than the industry average P/E of 20 for the diversified entertainment industry. Time Warner is also expected to generate more than four times as much revenue as Netflix this fiscal year.

Apple shouldn't become a conglomerate

I seriously doubt that Apple will buy Time Warner, but stranger buyouts have happened before. If it does so to diversify its business away from the iPhone and expand its streaming TV efforts, it could be a costly mistake which could turn the company into a clumsy conglomerate and muddy up its long-term plans. Donald Trump Says He'd Make Apple Build In US Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s offshore manufacturing of iPhones and MacBooks recently came under fire from Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump.

In a speech at Liberty University, Trump singled out Apple and said that if he were president, he would make Apple  build their damn computers in this country. 

Apple and many other major tech companies currently outsource much of their manufacturing to China and elsewhere.

Despite the patriotic intentions, it's unclear how Trump would be able to back up such a claim, even if he were president. Even if new legislation were passed requiring U.S. companies like Apple to manufacture domestically, the change could pose a major threat to the balance of international markets.

Related Link: Is Peter Schiff's Recession Thesis Coming True?

In addition, the relative shortage of qualified-but-not-too-qualified U.S. workers and the much higher production cost that would be associated with domestic production would likely pose major problems for Apple and other companies.

Trump is currently polling 15.2 percent ahead of his nearest competition for the Republican nomination. Hillary Clinton has a 12.7 percent lead in the Democratic race.

Disclosure: the author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Posted-In: Donald Trump iPhone MacBookPolitics Tech General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Most Active Weekly Options: Apple Inc. and GoPro Inc The 20 stocks listed in the table below have attracted the highest total weekly options volume during the past 10 trading days. Stocks highlighted are new to the list since the last time the study was run, and data is courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Two notable names are blue-chip tech companyand camera maker







Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been sliding down the charts for more than two months, taking numerous suppliers down with it, and failing to overcome resistance at the century level for well over a week. And after worries about lower iPhone orders, some are beginning to eye the company's future plans in the car industry, which Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk recently called an "open secret." The shares are slumping again today, last seen off 1.4% at $95.75.

Total open interest on AAPL is at an annual high today, as is call open interest. In fact, traders' preference for calls is especially apparent in today's put/call volume ratio of 0.51 -- lower than 81% of the past year's readings.

The most active option so far today is the weekly 1/22 100-strike call, where more than 21,000 contracts have traded. Buyers of this call are betting the underlying security will pop back above $100 before the end of this week, when the contract expires. Option traders in general seem to be eyeing a move in the near future -- nine out of the 10 most active options belong to the 1/22 weekly series. But heavy action on the security's options will likely continue -- AAPL is due to report quarterly earnings next Tuesday evening.

Fresh off a brand new low of $10.30, GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO) was last seen trading at $10.32, down 10% from Friday. The stock has been plummeting since mid-August -- losing almost 43% in 2016 alone -- and while nearly half of its available float is currently sold short, the stock is now on the short-sale restricted list.

As a result, traders are taking to the option pits, where the just-in-the-money weekly 1/22 10.50-strike put is seeing significant action today. Traders buying to open this contract are paying a volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of $0.36. That means GPRO will have to sink below $10.14 (strike minus VWAP) by Friday's close for buyers to make a profit.

From a broader sentiment standpoint, recent option traders have been expecting more lows for the shares. At the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), the stock's 50-day put/call volume ratio of 0.65 is in the bearish 93rd annual percentile. Apple Inc, Samsung Electronics Co may be using cobalt dug by children in Congo ... Chinese companies that buy cobalt from the Democratic Republic of Congo and supply mobile-phone and laptop makers such as Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. aren t fully checking their suppliers and may be acquiring the mineral from mines that rely on child labour, Amnesty International said.

Congo, the world s biggest cobalt producer, mined an estimated 67,735 metric tons of the material last year. While the majority was from industrial operations, as much as 20 per cent may come from artisanal mines in the southeastern Katanga region, where adults and children work in dangerous conditions, Amnesty and African Resources Watch, a Congolese non-governmental organization, said Tuesday in a report.

Amnesty said Apple didn t directly answer its questions about purchasing components containing cobalt processed by the main Chinese supplier. The company is evaluating  dozens of different materials, including cobalt, in order to identify labour and environmental risks as well as opportunities for Apple to bring about effective, scalable and sustainable change,  it told Amnesty. Apple, based in Cupertino, California, declined to comment further when contacted by Bloomberg News Monday.

Related

Mission  Impossible 

Samsung Electronics directed requests for comment to Samsung SDI Co., its battery supplier. SDI, told Amnesty it doesn t do direct business with the major Chinese suppliers mentioned in the report and that they aren t in its supply chain. Samsung acknowledged it is supplied by another company identified by Amnesty s researchers, but said it was  impossible  to determine if the cobalt it receives comes from the Katanga mines, according to Amnesty.

 For all suppliers, Samsung SDI conducts written evaluations and on-site inspections in areas such as human rights, labour, ethics, environment and health and safety on a two-year basis and awards them with certification,  SDI said in an e-mailed response to questions from Bloomberg News on Tuesday.

The investigation  exposes the need for transparency, without which multinationals can profit from human-rights abuses like child labour without checking where and how the raw materials in their products are mined,  Amnesty said.

Cobalt Producer

A major buyer of cobalt from the country s artisanal mines is Congo Dongfang Mining International, a unit of Zheijang, China-based Huayou Cobalt Co., one of the world s largest manufacturers of cobalt products. CDM processes the ore into crude cobalt hydroxide at a plant in Lubumbashi in Congo before exporting to battery-component manufacturers in China and South Korea. The company exported 3,561 tons of cobalt hydroxide in 2014, Congolese government statistics show.

As  CDM and Huayou Cobalt are at a critical point in the supply chain,  there is a  high risk  that Huayou Cobalt is buying and subsequently selling the mineral from  mines in which children and adults work in hazardous conditions,  Amnesty said.

Huayou is aware of Amnesty s report and needs more time to respond, a company official who declined to be identified in line with policy said by phone on Monday.

Careful Selection

Huayou has faced similar allegations before. In 2008, Bloomberg reported that the company s smelter in Lubumbashi was buying cobalt mined by children at illegal sites. Huayou told Amnesty and African Resources Watch that after that report it decided to stop acquiring directly from miners and to purchase cobalt only from licensed traders. Huayou said it carefully selected these suppliers and had developed a code of conduct that obliged each supplier to ensure children are not involved in the mining process, according to Amnesty.

Amnesty and African Resources Watch say that Huayou s due diligence efforts are inadequate and that illegally mined cobalt continues to enter the company s supply chain. Huayou supplies cobalt to battery manufacturers in China and South Korea, who in turn sell batteries to some of the world s largest electronics companies including Apple, Samsung and Microsoft Corp., Amnesty and African Resources Watch said, citing public records.

Microsoft s media relations team in Johannesburg didn t immediately respond to phone messages seeking comment. The company told Amnesty that it purchased a  very limited number  of batteries from suppliers identified in the report. It said that it didn t trace the origin of cobalt used in Microsoft products because of the complexity and resources required.

Artisanal Miners

There are as many as 150,000 artisanal miners in the Katanga region. Congo s 2002 Mining Code stipulates that such mining can only take place in designated zones by registered miners. The failure of the government to assign sufficient areas has led to an increase in illegal mining at unauthorized sites, Amnesty said.

More than 80 people have died in incidents at unauthorized cobalt mines in 2014 and 2015, Amnesty said, citing reports from Radio Okapi, a United Nations-run radio station in Congo.

Congo s government isn t doing enough to regulate such mining or protect workers and in some cases is benefiting from the illegal operations, the rights groups said, citing interviews in the Katanga region in April and May. Government spokesman Lambert Mende referred questions to the Ministry of Mines, whose cabinet director, Valery Mukasa, said he hadn t seen the report and didn t have enough information to comment.

Voluntary standards set by the UN and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development provide guidelines for companies to respect human rights in their global operations and responsibly manage supply chains. Companies are not legally required to report how they source their cobalt.

A 2010 law in the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, requires listed companies to publicly report their use of four other minerals   tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten   from Congo and other countries in the region. Amnesty and African Resources Watch called for countries to adopt similar transparency regulations for cobalt and other minerals extracted or sourced from  high- risk areas. 

 With assistance from Alfred Cang, Jungah Lee and Emily Chasan.

Bloomberg News 
2016-09-28
Apple, Inc. Earnings: Why Guidance Is Key Scheduled for October 27, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fourth-quarter earnings report is still a ways out. But as the date draws closer, investors might want to begin contemplating the implications of a metric likely to get tons of attention: guidance.

Why guidance for Q1 is important

Apple's reported guidance for its fiscal first quarter will arguably be the most interesting metric the company shares in its fourth-quarter report. Not only is Q1 seasonally Apple's biggest, thanks to the holidays and the fact that it marks the first full quarter of deliveries of its latest iPhones, but it typically previews management's general expectations for its latest iPhone.

This year's first quarter, in particular, is notable because the iPhone 7 cycle follows Apple's first fiscal year of year-over-year declines in iPhone unit sales, iPhone revenue, and total revenue. Some investors, therefore, will likely look to Q1 to preview whether or not the iPhone 7, which was launched with just two weeks left in Q4, could be enough to help Apple return to growth in Q1.

In other words, Apple's guidance has the potential to show investors a light amid recent headwinds. In Apple's second and third fiscal quarters of 2016, iPhone revenue fell 18% and 23%, respectively. With iPhone accounting for about 60% of Apple's total revenue, this weighed on total revenue growth; Apple's Q2 and Q3 total revenue fell by 13% and 15%, respectively. Even more, Apple guided for a year-over-year decline in revenue of about 9.7% in Q4.

So, can Apple's guidance for Q1 highlight reinvigorated growth?

What to look for

Investors are likely hoping Apple will guide for a record first quarter, but expectations for any meaningful growth are likely slim. While Apple has set a new quarterly record for revenue during Q1 every year since the first iPhone was launched, revenue only increased 2% in the first fiscal quarter of 2015. In addition, Apple's price-to-earnings ratio of just 13 suggests investors don't expect much growth -- if any -- from Apple. With these factors in mind, guidance for low single-digit year-over-year growth this year could be all it takes to satisfy investors.

For reference, Apple's first fiscal quarter revenue in 2016 was a record $75.9 billion. So, investors will likely be looking for guidance to slightly exceed this number in order for Apple to return to year-over-year growth during the important iPhone 7 cycle.

Interpreting Apple's guidance

Investors should keep in mind that Apple's guidance for Q1 could be more closely tied to the company's expected production ramp for the new iPhone than it is a forecast for demand. Typically, Apple's newest iPhone devices are severely supply constrained for several months after launch, and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus don't look like they'll be an exception. Some of the iPhone Plus models, for instance, are currently showing estimated ship time frames of three to four weeks for customers who place an order today. And some of Apple's new jet black colored iPhones are showing shipping estimates in November.

But even though Apple's ability to ramp up production will likely be a key determining factor in the guidance management provides, it still can be useful to investors by at least providing some insight into the latest iPhone lineup's potential. Guidance for higher revenue, for example, would at least imply that demand for even a supply constrained iPhone 7 and 7 Plus can drive quarterly revenue to new highs.

Of course, investors should keep in mind that management's guidance for total revenue takes into account other products besides iPhone. So total revenue guidance isn't necessarily directly correlated with management's expectations for iPhone revenue. But since iPhone represents well over half of Apple's total revenue, it's usually a lead indicator. Apple Inc. Reportedly Boosts iPhone 7 Production Orders According to a report in Digitimes, "sources from Taiwan-based touch panel makers" say that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has boosted its "part and component orders for iPhone 7 devices." In fact, Digitimes claims that "order visibility for the fourth quarter of 2016" is 20%-30% better than the company had originally planned.

Digitimes' sources further say that iPhone 7 shipments from the iDevice maker's contract manufacturing partners during the second half of 2016 should come in somewhere between 80 million and 84 million units -- down from the 85 to 90 million iPhone 6s devices that were reportedly shipped during the back half of 2015.

Let's take a closer look at what this latest report could mean for Apple's business.

Better than anticipated, but expectations were low

Once it became clear that demand for Apple's then-new iPhone 6s series of smartphones wasn't as strong as expected (given the runaway success of the iPhone 6/6 Plus series), the company was forced to take significant (and swift) actions to bring down iPhone channel inventories as its fiscal year 2016 progressed.

This year, Apple likely wanted to err on the side of caution until it got a clearer picture of the kind of demand the new phones would see. Based on this report (assuming, of course, that it's accurate), Apple has likely seen significantly better-than-expected customer response to these new iPhones.

Hey, wait -- don't those numbers imply that demand is down?

Although Apple has apparently boosted its iPhone 7/7 Plus build plans, it's clear that those build plans are still lower than they were a year ago. However, I don't think that investors can necessarily conclude that demand itself is down year over year by just comparing those build plan figures.

For one thing, as a result of building/shipping too many iPhones in the back half of 2015, Apple wound up slashing March quarter build plans significantly. Indeed, Japanese publication Nikkei claimed back in January of this year that Apple took down its iPhone 6s build plans by 30% for the March quarter relative to prior expectation.

Note that this 30% figure didn't refer to a sequential drop (normal seasonal patterns already call for a drop in iPhone sales in the March quarter), but to a drop relative to Apple's prior expectations on top of the expected seasonal shipment reduction.

This time around, I expect iPhone sales to be down sequentially as seasonal patterns would suggest, but my expectation -- particularly as Apple still seems to be extremely supply constrained on some models -- is that the drop will be more like the one that Apple saw during the iPhone 6 cycle than the severe one seen during the iPhone 6s cycle.

Now, if Apple winds up shipping fewer phones in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2017 relative to those shipped during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2016, then it would be reasonable to say that demand for the iPhone 7 series is down relative to demand for the iPhone 6s series a year ago.

Remaining optimistic

The new iPhones aren't "revolutionary," but they are extremely well-built, best-in-class premium smartphones that have a lot going for them both in absolute feature terms and compared to what even the best that the competition has to offer.

Indeed, I believe that from a competitive perspective, iPhone 7/7 Plus are much better positioned than last year's iPhone 6s/6s Plus were.

As a result of this, I remain optimistic that these latest iPhones will do extremely well for the iDevice maker and could even drive full-year revenue and unit growth in its iPhone business. Apple, Inc. Sold Over $2.5 Billion Worth of Apple Watches in 2015 At Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) product event earlier this month, CEO Tim Cook noted that Apple Watch quickly rose within the ranks and Apple is now the No. 2 watchmaker in the world by revenue. That's particularly impressive considering the fact that the new wearable launched in late April 2015, and was severely supply constrained until the end of June 2015. So Apple Watch was only really shipping in volume for about half the year.

Meanwhile, Apple continues to stubbornly withhold any financial information about Apple Watch's sales performance -- a rare move that hurts investor transparency. For a company that touts its openness with reporting other product unit sales, it's a bit hypocritical to obfuscate Watch figures. All we know is that the other products segment, which includes Watch, has been performing quite well, particularly over the holiday shopping season.

But there's a little bit of information we can glean from Apple's bragging.

Not-so-humble brag

According to Apple's presentation, Rolex was the No. 1 watch brand in the world in 2015 by revenue, while Fossil (NASDAQ:FOSL) came in at No. 3. Rolex is privately held, but reportedly generated approximately $4.5 billion in revenue in 2015. Fossil, on the other hand, is publicly traded and as such discloses quite a bit of detail around its watch business. Fossil sold $2.5 billion worth of watches in 2015, representing over 75% of its full-year sales, and is actively expanding its offerings into smartwatches as we speak. You can bet that Fossil has taken note of Apple's rise.

That puts Apple Watch revenue for 2015 somewhere between $2.5 billion and $4.5 billion. I've long operated on the assumption that Apple Watch sells for around $500 on average. While Apple Watch average selling prices (ASPs) will start to come down going forward due to the discontinuation of the gold Apple Watch Edition (that $10,000 to $17,000 price range skews ASP up quite a bit) alongside the continued sales of Series 1 (price reduced), I think a $500 ASP for 2015 is appropriate. Apple is welcome to disprove me at any time. (Email me, Tim?)

At a $500 ASP, that would mean that Apple sold somewhere between 5 million to 9 million Apple Watches in 2015. Not a bad beginning for a nascent market looking for a jump start. Apple deepens enterprise push with Deloitte partnership The Apple Inc. store is seen on the day of the new iPhone 7 smartphone launch in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson

Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Deloitte LLP announced a partnership on Wednesday in which the consultant will open a new practice to help corporate clients work with Apple products, the tech firm's latest attempt to boost enterprise sales as its key product, the iPhone, shows signs of maturation.

More than 5,000 Deloitte advisers will be included in the Apple initiative, the companies said. The consulting firm also launched EnterpriseNext, a program aimed at helping clients make better use of Apple products and services.

Apple has announced a steady stream of enterprise partnerships in recent years as it aims to draw more revenue from a market that some say it has traditionally overlooked.

A partnership struck with IBM in 2014 signaled Apple's intentions of getting more serious about corporate clients, or enterprise, and deals with Cisco and SAP have followed.

The deal with Deloitte will ensure that Apple is top of mind as companies think strategically about their practices, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview.

"What's needed now is more of a focus on transforming the enterprise and helping businesses identify which areas have the highest either return on investment or highest impact on customer satisfaction," Cook said. "Deloitte is well positioned for this."

As part of the EnterpriseNext program, customers can meet with designers and engineers who specialize in Apple's operating system.

"The intent there is to, in one location, bring the best engineers, the best products and the best thinkers to try and address clients' problems," Punit Renjen, CEO of Deloitte Global, said in an interview.

Apple faces mounting pressure to find new streams of revenue after sales of the iPhone, which drives more than half of its revenue, declined for the first time this year.

The tech giant appears to have concluded that the quickest way to progress in enterprise is to partner with companies rooted in the space, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.

Cook said in 2015 that Apple's enterprise business had reached $25 billion in annual revenue. He declined to provide a new figure on Wednesday but stressed the company is gaining ground.

"The momentum is significant, and we see this as a very important growth vector," he said.

(Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Peter Henderson and Alan Crosby) 
2016-01-12
3 Growth Opportunities for This Struggling Apple Inc. Supplier It is well-known that key to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) custom-designed A-series processors is graphics technology licensed from semiconductor intellectual property vendor, Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF). Unfortunately, despite powering the hundreds of millions of chips that Apple ships inside of its iDevices each year, the company's stock has fared quite poorly, shedding nearly 50% of its value over the last year and more than 70% over the last five years.

Although things are looking tough for this once-loved semiconductor IP vendor, particularly as it faces stiff competition in its core graphics IP market amid a cooling mobile devices market, the company recently highlighted a number of growth opportunities at its half-year investor update.

Here are three that stood out as particularly interesting to me.

The mobile market is still a potential source of growth

Imagination says that the market for mobile devices continues to grow, albeit at a much slower pace than it has previously (the company claims less than 10% growth in the market during 2015). The company also says that the rise of "phablets" -- or large-screen smartphones -- is having a negative impact on the traditional tablet market.

At any rate, the company says that at the high end of the smartphone market, its PowerVR XT graphics designs are "leading the market" (no doubt helped by the fact that Apple currently uses such graphics exclusively in its latest iPhones).

It is well-known that Imagination has had a bit more trouble in the low-end and mid-range, particularly as the competition there is quite fierce. However, Imagination now claims that, with its lower-end PowerVR XE graphics designs, it has "secured high volume design wins."

All told, the company claims that it's counting on graphics shipment growth of 200 million to 300 million over the next two to three years with its market segment share in the low-end and mid-range expanding.

Stop me if you've heard this one: cars!

Another area that Imagination cites as a growth market is automotive market. The company claims that the total addressable market for chips within cars is growing and that over time the unit opportunity "may become comparable to mobile."

The company claims that it has around 60% market segment share (via its partners) in smart dashboards. Imagination also says that it has meaningful design wins in infotainment systems as well as "connected car driving [communications]."

Finally, Imagination says that Advanced Driver Assistance Systems, or ADAS, represents a "major growth area" for the company.

The company says that Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY) "dominates" this market using Imagination's MIPS CPU designs and that "others are following" (presumably using Imagination's MIPS CPU designs).

Internet of Things and wearables

One more market that Imagination played up is the market for wearables as well as the broader "Internet of Things" market. The company claims that the efficiency of its PowerVR graphics architecture "has resulted in key design wins" in the wearable market, with a prime example being the Apple Watch.

What's potentially just as interesting as Imagination's early success in supplying graphics IP into the wearables market is its apparent success in supplying CPU IP. The company said in its presentation that the efficiency of its MIPS processor designs is leading to "many design wins, especially in China."

Finally, for the broader Internet of Things market, Imagination claims that its M-class microcontroller-oriented processor cores are seeing growth thanks to "efficiency and virtualization for security & robustness."

It's not going to be easy, but the future at least looks interesting

As you can see from where Imagination's share price is currently, the company has faced some very serious challenges over the last several years. And, although management's job is, of course, to paint a "rosy" picture for investors, I believe that the story that the company is telling here is, at the very least, reasonable and credible. 
2016-06-16
Demand for Apple, Inc.'s iPhone SE Still Outstrips Supply Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest iPhone launch was out of the norm in more than one way. First, it came mid-cycle, debuting between launches of its flagship iPhones. Second, the phone Apple introduced was priced lower than any new iPhone has ever been priced. Given its out-of-character launch, investors were uncertain how the phone would fare in the market. But so far, it's looking like a success -- so much so that Apple's production of the new, smaller iPhone hasn't yet caught up with demand.

Want an iPhone SE? You'll have to wait

U.S. customers ordering an iPhone SE on Apple's website will have to wait longer than they would if they ordered any other model, AppleInsider pointed out on Wednesday. The earliest a customer can get a new iPhone SE online from Apple is June 28, or just under two weeks. Comparatively, a new iPhone 6 or 6s could be delivered as early as tomorrow. Wait times for online orders of iPhone SE are similar in markets outside the U.S., according to AppleInsider.

Given that the new iPhone isn't a flagship device, and it's already been selling for about two and half months, Apple's supply shortage is surprising. Fortunately, high demand -- not supply issues -- are the likely cause. While there's certainly a chance Apple could be experiencing supply problems, this is unlikely. Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the company's late April second-quarter earnings call (via a Seeking Alpha transcript) that "demand [for the iPhone SE] has been very strong." Indeed, he specifically noted that Apple was supply constrained because "there is a demand there even much beyond what we thought."

Cook noted during the call that the company is "working hard to get the iPhone SE into the hands of every customer who wants one as quickly as possible."

Apple's supply constrained iPhone SE poses a problem: As long as demand for the new phone exceeds supply, Apple is either delaying -- or possibly even missing out on -- potential incremental revenue opportunity. Apple management even acknowledged the hit it's taking from being unable to meet demand. Anticipating strong demand for its iPhone SE could remain ahead of supply during the current quarter, Apple CFO Luca Maestri baked supply shortages into the company's guidance.

"The guidance also reflects a range of possible scenarios related to how quickly we can get into supply/demand balance for iPhone SE," Maestri explained. "Due to these factors, our expected demand is greater than the revenue range implies."

iPhone SE: More important than you think

But there's more downside to Apple's supply-constrained iPhone SE than a missed revenue opportunity. The type of customers the iPhone SE is attracting represents an important segment for Apple that could benefit it over the long haul: new customers.

"The addition of the iPhone SE in the iPhone lineup places us in a better strategic position to attract even more customers into our ecosystem," Cook said during the second-quarter call.

Why does Cook believe iPhone SE buyers will expand Apple's total reach? Priced more aggressively than both the iPhone 6 and 6s, the new phone is attracting customers the iPhone previously wouldn't have, Cook explained during the company's second-quarter call. Specifically, the iPhone SE is attracting many first-time iPhone buyers and Android switchers. Given Apple's industry-leading loyalty rates, this segment is incredibly important to the company.

The fact that Apple's supply is constrained, therefore, is both good and bad. It's good because it signals that iPhone SE demand likely remains very robust. But it's bad because Apple's inability to fully meet demand delays a key opportunity to lock in an important segment of new iPhone buyers. Apple, Inc. May Have Higher Expectations for Apple Watch 2 -- but Does It Matter? A new rumor (via Digitimes) suggests Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans for its second-generation Apple Watch are "aggressive," evidenced by higher-than-expected orders for watch chips and components. But would a more aggressive Apple Watch launch really move the needle on the tech giant's enormous bottom line, even if the market responds as optimistically to the new product as Apple hopes?

The rumor

"Apple has stepped up procurement of chips and components for the second-generation Apple Watch which is expected to debut later in 2016, according to sources from the supply chain," writes Digitimes. "Judging from the orders, the sources estimated that about two million units of the new Apple Watch could be shipped monthly."

Apple Watch sales of this magnitude would likely represent a notable improvement. Respected Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo estimated in April that Apple sold about 10.6 million Apple Watch units in 2015, and he noted unit sales are likely slowing down in 2016. So, orders for Apple Watch components substantial enough to support sales of about two million units a month does suggest Apple may be planning for a meaningful uptick in sales.

The sources also "indicated" to Digitimes that component shipments are set to begin in the third quarter -- a timeframe that aligns with a possible launch at Apple's annual September iPhone launch event. This possible launch timeframe isn't new to the ever-active Apple rumor mill; the Apple Watch is widely expected to adopt the annual launch cycle of the company's flagship iPhone.

While rumors like these may be interesting -- and sometimes even spot-on with reality -- it's best practice for investors to ignore them. Apple CEO Tim Cook has specifically warned against reading into Apple supply chain rumors, noting it's unlikely to capture the full picture for a given product; the company's sprawling, global supply chain simply has too many moving parts. Further, numerous past Apple supply chain rumors have turned out to be totally off base.

Apple Watch sales in context

It's also worth noting that an uptick in Apple Watch sales at this point would hardly contribute to the company's bottom line anyway. Indeed, the difference even 15 million incremental Apple Watch units would have on Apple's bottom line would be small. iPhone sales, which are currently at levels well over 200 million units a year, make the new Apple device's sales less important to the trajectory of Apple's earnings.

Apple Watch's small impact on Apple's total business is just as evident with an examination of segment revenue. For instance, Apple's revenue from its "other products" segment, which includes revenue from Apple Watch, Apple TV, Beats products, iPod, and Apple-branded and third-party accessories, accounted for just 4.3% of Apple's total revenue in the company's most recent quarter.

Longer term, of course, it's important that the general direction of Apple Watch sales is upward. As a new product segment for the company, growth in Apple Watch sales would be accretive to Apple's business. Still, analysis of supply chain rumors won't help investors gain insight into whether or not Apple's wearables segment will transform into a meaningful portion of revenue.

If supply chain rumors and unit sales estimates are of little -- if any -- value to investors, where should investors turn to glean insight into the potential for Apple Watch? Unfortunately, there's no magic crystal ball or short-cut metric; investors will simply need to exercise patience and keep an eye on the overall trajectory of Apple Watch sales over the next few years. Apple Keeps Hoarding Cash  In battle to stay relevant, Apple Inc bets on software revamps to revive ... SAN FRANCISCO   Consumers and developers are walking away winners of Apple Inc. s Worldwide Developers Conference this week as the company searches for ways to bring its hardware sales back to positive.

iPhone sales were down 16 per cent year-over-year for Apple s second fiscal quarter ending in March, causing overall revenue to slide 13 per cent and ending the company s 13-year streak of quarterly growth.

So Apple had to come out swinging at WWDC, convincing more than 5,000 attendees (and millions of viewers watching at home) that they continue using and writing applications for its devices.

Related

The new operating systems coming in the fall are all free upgrades for consumers, something the company has been doing for a few years now. Rather than charging for the upgrade, Apple hopes that by significantly changing its software, it will be enough to keep existing users, bring back those who left and win over those who may not have been impressed before, sparking growth once again.

This year s WWDC had an underlying theme of openness, giving access to pieces of Apple s software that developers never could touch before. Continuity and security concerns were given as reasons to keep developers at arm s length from, say, putting more information into a push notification or accessing its virtual assistant Siri.

Developers went with it, reluctantly, because Apple users are an appealing enough market due to their high app-downloading tendencies. But some developers have shifted focus to Google s Android operating system   the world s most popular OS   where they have more flexibility.

Apple responded this week by promising to make iOS a lot more Android-like, which means the developers and users win. Notifications are more interactive, with the additions of photos, videos, maps and more, something akin to features Android users have used for years.

The company s overhaul of Messages, transforming it from just another communication method to a hub for other applications, won praise from developers as well. Want to buy something you and your friend are talking about without leaving the conversation? Now you can. Need a ride to a location you and your co-workers have been talking about? Hail an Uber right there.

The response from the developer community was  finally,  and  it s about time. 

Apple is also taking a page from Facebook and Snapchat s playbooks by employing third-party animated stickers and bigger emojis   sure to be a hit with the kids.

All of these things may seem trivial, but it is calculated. The iPhone turns 10 next year, and Apple is in a battle to stay relevant to younger users.

What was not said this week is as telling as what was. Apple abandoned its tradition of sneaking  one more thing    usually a hardware refresh or a new product. Prior to the WWDC, rumours flew that a new MacBook Pro or a big-screen monitor were in the offing. Instead, the company stuck to software, whipping through new features at a dizzying pace, leaving the hardware announcements (a new iPhone?) for later, likely this fall.

It s a much needed   if not exactly glamourous   course correction for the software division of the tech giant, one that has the potential to pay off down the line. Apple Likely Moving iPhone To A One Year Redesign Cycle  European Commission may deliver its verdict on Apple's tax arrangements in Ireland as soon as next month - Bloomberg  
2016-01-06
Why Apple's Investors Are Questioning its Future Early this year, Apple fans forecast that the iPhone-maker would become the world s first trillion-dollar company. Today, that monumental goal is far from reach, and getting more remote with each passing week.

Shares of Apple ( aapl ) were recently trading for just over $100, a 23% decline from their record close of $131.40 on May 22 of last year. After peaking at $740 billion, Apple s valuation has shrunk to $568 billion. To regain its previous summit, Apple would need to add the equivalent of Pfizer s market cap. Hitting the trillion dollar mark would require boosting Apple s value by nearly what shareholders have invested in both Pfizer and General Electric.

Why Apple s shares have not only fallen, but dropped far faster than the overall market, is a major mystery. While S&P earnings dropped sharply in 2015, Apple s results have been sorcerous. An excellent measure of operating performance is COROA, or cash operating return on assets, developed by Jack Ciesielski, author of the Analysts  Accounting Observer. COROA measures how much cash a company generates on all of its assets. To arrive at that number, Ciesielski starts with reported operating earnings, and adds back two non-operating items that are unrelated to how well management is running the business, cash taxes and cash interest. For the denominator, COROA takes all assets as reported, and augments that number by accumulated depreciation, which means it takes into account everything that was ever spent on the assets, to arrive at the total cost of all assets management is deploying to generate profit.

The higher the COROA ratio, which means the company is producing more cash flow relative to the assets used to produce it, the better the company. But the most revealing number isn t the current COROA as much as the improvement. If a company is adding loads of new cash flow but needs mere dollops of new assets to generate all that new cash, it s an ace. That  on the margin metric  demonstrates that management is moving performance from fair to good, or good to great, and investors should show lots of confidence the curve will keep rising.

Measured by COROA, Apple s recent record is stupendous. For the fiscal year ended September 30, it posted a ratio of cash flow to assets (measured as average assets throughout the 12 months) of 33.5%. But the real story is the epic improvement. For fiscal 2015, Apple s assets grew from $235 billion to $284 billion, a rise of $49 billion. But under CEO Tim Cook, it generated no less than $25 billion in additional cash flow from that modest increase in assets, for a return of 51%.

Related: Apple's Bizarre Valuation: Something's Got to Give

That figure is especially important because it dramatically reverses the trend of the past few years. In fiscal 2014, for example, its return on assets-added was 22.5%. It appeared that Apple was on a downward trajectory, unable to find new uses for its cash that matched the gigantic returns of the past. Last year was a return to Apple s greatest days.  The law of large numbers was supposed to be working against Apple,  says Ciesielski.  It turned out that on top of already huge cash flows, their results were gangbusters. 

So why are investors down on Apple? Its price-to-earnings ratio now stands at a meager 11, far below the S&P average. That means that investors are not just skeptical that Apple will be able to repeat its stellar performance in 2015. The market is actually predicting falling profits for the tech giant.

The skepticism can be summarized as follows: the world worries that Apple will never find another iPhone. Last year, operating profits from the iPhone jumped from $102 billion to $155 billion, a 52% increase. That single product accounted for 66% of total sales, and for the entire increase in revenues; sales from all its other products combined actually declined.

Apple has captured huge profit increases from the iPhone with price increases, product extensions, and new apps. In other words, it's managed to lure hordes of customers with a relatively tiny new investment in new apps and software upgrades, a phenomenon reflected in its spectacular COROA numbers. The fear is that future products will require the opposite scenario, big investment and uncertain sales. It s also possible that Apple will use its cash horde to make high-priced, or overpriced investments in unrelated fields. Investors are less than thrilled by rumors that it s looking to purchase Tesla.

For an analyst from another planet reading its financial statements, Apple would look like a giant bank or asset manager. Its balance sheet holds $206 billion in cash and securities, or around 71% of its total assets. Apple makes just 1.4% on those holdings. Eventually, it will need to find a way to invest a big chunk of that cash.  Apple doesn t want to do anything foolish,  says Ciesielski, but the next moves aren t obvious.  Apple has always surprised to the upside, and last year was the most dramatic example ever. Investors don t think it will happen again.

The bottom line: Tech s superstar is entering a world of low expectations, when it s regularly beaten high expectations. It should be able to vault over the new, low bar with ease, and raise its stock price in the process. Investors, though, believe we ll never see the likes of a new iPhone or the Old Apple. But the current Apple may be more than enough. 1 iPhone Strategy that Apple Inc. Needs to Change A rumor claiming that Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) will release a 256 gigabyte version of the iPhone 7 Plus -- and only the iPhone 7 Plus -- recently hit MyDrivers.com. Well-known Apple Insider columnist, Daniel Dilger, argues that Apple has traditionally positioned the smaller and larger iPhones as two "equal" devices, rather than viewing the "Plus" as the "superior" model.

Although Dilger is correct that this has been Apple's strategy with the iPhone 6/6s generations of iPhones, I think that Apple would actually benefit from changing this strategy up beginning with the iPhone 7. Here's why.

Unleashing the potential of the Plus

Even though Apple sells relatively high priced, premium devices, the scope of improvements that the company can make each year is limited by the fact that the prices of its devices don't really change.

With the iPhone "Plus" line, devices with comparable storage to the standard iPhones come priced at a whopping $100 higher. This higher selling price creates significant additional bill of materials headroom. Additionally, by virtue of its larger size, the "Plus" models can support more, larger, and/or more powerful components.

Today, the larger iPhones include higher resolution displays, optical image stabilization, and larger batteries as the key points of differentiation relative to the smaller device. The larger phones also include some software tweaks to allow for additional "perks" while the devices are in landscape mode compared to the smaller phones.

I believe that Apple can -- and should -- be far more aggressive in making the larger iPhones into their own phones rather than simply "larger" versions of the mainstream iPhone. This, in my view, would ultimately make for a better, more competitive large-screen phone.

What should Apple do with the larger screen phones?

I fully expect Apple to continue to differentiate the larger screen iPhones in the same ways that Apple has done with the iPhone 6/6s generations of phones (battery size, camera features, and higher resolution displays), but believe that the gap will increase with the iPhone 7.

For example, there are already reports that the iPhone 7 Plus will feature three gigabytes of main memory, while the standard iPhone 7 will come with two. This is an example of Apple using both increased cost structure headroom (more memory costs more) as well as the greater power headroom (more memory consumes more power) to deliver a fundamentally better device.

Other areas where I would like to see Apple enhance the larger iPhone relative to the smaller iPhone are in chip performance. The larger iPhone has to drive a much higher resolution display than the smaller one, so it would probably make sense for Apple to include a faster/more powerful graphics processor on the chip that powers the larger iPhone.

I don't think Apple will invest in creating two different chips for each of the iPhones (although I would be pleasantly surprised to see that), but I could see Apple running the CPU and graphics portions of the chips that it put into the larger phones at higher frequencies to deliver more performance.

Finally, I don't think that Apple was particularly well-served with the iPhone 6/6s generations of phones by making the larger phone look like a larger, "scaled up" version of the smaller one. The company might be better off giving its designers more freedom to put together ideal industrial designs for each size, even if it means making them look a little different from each other.

By making sure the two phones looked like scaled versions of each other in the 6/6s Plus generation, Apple seemed to make the bezels on the iPhone 6 Plus/6s Plus needlessly large compared to those found on competing 5.5-inch class devices. A common complaint in a number of reviews with Trusted Reviews saying that the iPhone 6s Plus is "still too big " and Tech Radar calling it "big and heavy ."

We'll know what's up Apple's sleeve in a few months, most likely

Once the next generation iPhones go into production, I don't think it'll be too long before significant details of the next generation iPhones start leaking to the Web. It'll be very interesting to see what design decisions Apple ultimately made with the next generation iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and to what extent the Plus model is differentiated from the standard one. 3 Predictions for Apple in 2016 (AAPL) Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) had a great year in 2015. The year was unprecedented, as it made more money as a company than it ever had. The release of the highly anticipated Apple Watch, a newly upgraded Apple TV and huge sales of the iPhone helped propel the company to where it is now. However, in the world of technology companies, it's not about where they've been but where they are going.

2016 should turn out to be another stellar year for Apple in terms of breaking records, entering new markets, and continuing to be a fixture and a leader in the industry. Apple will be under the public spotlight for investors and consumers.

Shares Rebounding

As an incredibly successful technology company, it s hard to imagine that Apple's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is where it is. Apple had a run in the $130 range earlier in 2015, but by the end of the year, share prices went down to the $105 level. 2016 could be a year that sees share prices rising as opposed to the stagnant year Apple had in the stock market in 2015.

Apple has just announced its earnings for the 2015 fiscal year, reporting around $250 billion in revenue for the year. This was one of the best years by far for the business, and many analysts are expecting the stock to follow suit. Earlier in 2015, Apple was the world s first $700 billion company. With a price target of $149 per share, Apple would have a market capitalization of $831 billion.

To get to this point, Apple shares would have to increase by roughly 20%. This is definitely not out of the question, as the company will be trying new strategies to become more profitable and better equipped in its field. Apple will need to continue to increase its share in the smartphone market by entering China and other emerging economies.

New Acquisitions

Apple had a modest year for acquisitions in 2015. During Apple s earnings conference call, CEO Tim Cook said that Apple had acquired 15 companies during the year. They were mostly small companies that fit with the overall future plan for Apple. There were no major deals such as the Beats headphones deal of 2014.

At Apple shareholder meetings, a lot of investors have been throwing around ideas about acquiring Tesla, the electric car maker. Cook has sidestepped that question many times, and Elon Musk has said he does not wish to sell the company, even though Apple approached him for talks.

A more promising large acquisition could be GoPro. As Apple slowly makes its way into the wearable market with the Apple Watch, it could integrate the GoPro into its product lines. Acquiring this company would give it more exposure to the market. GoPro just recently announced that it is launching a camera control feature for the Apple Watch.

Apple needs to look towards the future and into a new market. As smartphones become more commonplace and saturated, it needs to find the next best thing. This could be virtual reality. Companies such as Facebook and Microsoft are already entering that market through Facebook's acquisition of the Oculus Rift and Microsoft's development of HoloLens. GoPro could prove to be an entry point into the new market.

IPhone Sales Decline and Entering New Markets

IPhone sales have increased every single year since they launched in 2007. In the last quarter, iPhone sales made up 60% of Apple's $51.5 billion in revenue. IPhone sales are integral to the success of the company and its share prices. If the sales begin leveling out and dropping, investors are going to get worried.

Cook has yet to announce official earnings for the Apple Watch. There is the possibility that the revenue from this product could offset a potential iPhone sales decline. If sales do decline, there are two compelling options the company could take, aside from the expected release of a new model.

Apple can focus even more on entering these new non-Western markets and selling iPhones there. This will help to stop potential declining sales and give Apple the opportunity for even more growth.

Apple's other option is to increase its reach on new products such as the Apple Watch and Apple TV. It's a twofold process that benefits the company in multiple ways. More compelling Apple products that require iPhones to function will lead consumers to want to buy iPhones as well. Apple can potentially mitigate any decline in sales by providing products that entice consumers to need iPhones. 
2016-03-17
Is 2016 Going to Be a Bad Year for Apple Inc.? As the late economist Herbert Stein once said, "If something cannot go on forever, it will stop." Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors may experience this firsthand as the trend of spectacular smartphone growth may finally be losing steam. A recent forecast from International Data Corporation (IDC) shows slow growth ahead for the smartphone market, with 2015 expected to be the last year to put up double-digit annual growth.

The word of the day is "saturation"

IDC estimates there were 1.44 billion smartphones shipped worldwide in 2015, up 10.4% from 2014. But 2016 growth will be almost half of that at 5.7%, or 1.5 billion units. By 2020, volume should grow to 1.92 billion, keeping the annual compound growth rate at approximately 6%.

However, these aggregate worldwide figures mask some of the saturation that's already taken place. The IDC report notes that some major markets are already saturated, hitting the single-digit annual growth mark in 2015. This list includes the United State, Western Europe, and ... China.

China may come as a surprise to many investors as it is usually touted as the next big growth leg for smartphone makers, especially Apple. Yet in the most recent quarter, sales growth in China was only 14% for Apple, and CEO Tim Cook even specifically noted "signs of economic softness" in the region.

Recent reports have since surfaced indicating slowing iPhone sales in China. It also doesn't help there is now stiff competition at the high-end smartphone market in China, a place where the iPhone was once the undisputed leader. That's not to mention the rave reviews the new Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) flagship phone is receiving, which will make competition at the premium segment even fiercer.

A tale of two phone systems

What is especially worrisome for Apple is the market's continued shift toward the low end. Aggregate average selling prices are expected to drop from $295 in 2015 to only $237 by 2020. Alphabet's(NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) mobile operating system, Android, dominates the low-end smartphone market, as only 14% of Android devices had prices above $400 in 2015.

IDC expects pockets of growth in emerging markets such as India, Indonesia, and the Middle East and Africa, where more inexpensive smartphones are in high demand. This trend should boost Android's worldwide market share from its current 81% to 85% by 2020 and result in a five-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.9%. Conversely, Apple is expected to lose market share from an expected 15.2% in 2016 to 14% by 2020, while achieving a pedestrian CAGR of only 3%.

With almost 70% of Apple's revenue coming from the iPhone only, it will be an uphill climb for Apple to move the growth needle as it depends on hardware sales. Alphabet's Google, on the other hand, will continue to grow its Android user base and make money off ad sales and related services whether or not the device is high or low end.

You can't change the wind, but you can control the sails

That the smartphone market is slowing and becoming saturated is completely natural, and the market is partly where it is today because of Apple's massive success. Given Apple can't change the state of the smartphone market, is it doomed?

Far from it -- there are a number of things Apple could use to its advantage in 2016 to combat the slowing market. For example, one of the bright spots in the IDC report is the "phablet" trend, which is expected to continue. Phablets accounted for 20% of all shipments in 2015 and are expected to grow to 32% by 2020.

Specifically, Apple phablets, such as the current iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus, are expected to grow from 26% in 2015 to 31% in 2020. Since Apple's largest phones are also the more expensive ones, this trend should continue to drive sales and margins for the company. In fact, the company may even go bigger, further capturing the phablet market.

Another strategy would be to start catering to the low end of the market. Already there is the anticipated iPhone SE, which is expected to be priced at $400 to $500. Not exactly rock-bottom for the emerging markets, but there is also the rumor of keeping the iPhone 5s and slashing its price by 50%, all the way down to $225.

Finally, there's the iPhone 7 launch expected later this year. A complete redesign could drive upgrades, and even the IDC report notes the Apple trade-in program could further drive churn. This is, however, probably something that won't get a lot of traction until 2017.

These things are focusing purely on drivers for the iPhone and don't even touch on the other projects that could substantially add to Apple's top line such as Apple Watch, Apple Pay, CarPlay, or even an entire car. However, these are all initiatives that I believe will take some time before they start to get close to the revenue and profit level of the iPhone.

Saying goodbye to blistering growth doesn't mean a bad investment

The latest IDC forecast confirms that Apple is going to have a hard time putting up growth figures in the near term -- it isn't immune to the law of large numbers. Revenue is expected to shrink 10% this quarter and 3% for this fiscal year, before returning to 6% growth next year -- right in line with the IDC forecast for worldwide smartphone growth.

This doesn't mean Apple is a poor company, nor does it mean it's a bad investment. Apple is still an excellent company with some of the most enviable financial metrics on the planet in terms of profitability and efficiency. It will also continue to be a cash cow, and one the market seems to be discounting given it is trading at only nine times its trailing-12-month free cash flow. Investors just need to be aware of the level of growth to expect going forward. 
2016-08-01
Virnetx Holding says U.S. District Court issued new order in litigation against Apple  
2016-02-21
Don't Believe It: Apple Inc. Isn't Getting Into the TV Business From a journalist's standpoint, the headline "Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Prepares To Enter TV Business" is something of a lay-up. It's also not true.

As the business press reported earlier this week, tech giant Apple is indeed producing its own TV show. And while the news represents a noteworthy progression for the world's largest public company, its ultimate goals are likely to be far humbler than most headlines might imply.

Apple enters TV production

The show, titled Vital Signs, will star Apple executive and hip-hop legend Dr. Dre, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The show's storyline will loosely mirror Dr. Dre's unlikely rise from the violent streets of L.A.'s notorious Compton neighborhood to the heights of the global entertainment and business elite.

The news also represents Apple's gradual and overlooked progression deeper into video content production. Apple financed Drake's hugely popular "Hotline Bling" music video last year, a business arrangement that was something of a double-edged sword for the hip-hop hit maker. Apple also financed Taylor Swift's live concert video from last year's 1989 tour. Both Drake's and Swift's projects were exclusive to Apple Music, an important common thread in this narrative and one that speaks to the strategic value of Vital Signs as well.

Not the next Netflix

In theory, Apple's strategy mirrors the original content that Netflix and Amazon.com have created to such great success. Like smash hits House of Cards and Transparent before it, Apple also clearly intends to use Vital Signs to drive subscribers to one of its entertainment services. However, the service in question is Apple Music, not the much-rumored Apple over-the-top television product.

Entering the on-demand streaming market well behind first mover Spotify, Apple has struggled to create key points of differentiation between Apple Music and its Swedish rival. Apple originally attempted to do so by marketing Apple Music around its curation capabilities, only to have Spotify introduce its own compelling music discovery tools only months after Apple Music's launch. With Vital Signs, it appears Apple hopes to borrow Netflix's original-content insight, creating something no one else has to attract users to the platform. Though this makes sense and has worked to great effect with video streaming services, Vital Signs will be a fascinating case study to determine if this same principle holds true for streaming music as well.

We've also seen some evidence that the video and music streaming platforms are already converging. Spotify recently launched its own video feature that incorporates short video clips from networks such as ESPN, ABC, and others. And with Apple Music also headed deeper into video content, the trend gives rise to an interesting discussion about to what extent on-demand video and music platforms are likely to merge in the future.

This move also contains a certain degree of inherent optionality for Apple. If the series is successful, Apple could leverage it as the first flagship series in its oft-discussed foray into TV content. However, while this would arguably strengthen Apple's ecosystem, launching a full-fledged Netflix competitor would represent a historic business-model shift for a company that for decades has focused on selling high-margin hardware.

So while Vital Signs presents a number of interesting strategic opportunities for the world's largest tech company, it will probably be used first and foremost as a tool to help aid the ongoing expansion of Apple Music. 
2016-04-20
Apple, Inc. Should Not Mess With Original TV Content I don't say this very often, but Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has no idea what it's doing.

A couple months ago, reports circulated that the Mac maker was developing an original TV series based on now-Apple-employee Dr. Dre. The semi-autobiographical drama sounded like a bizarre experiment in original content -- an area where Apple has absolutely no experience. Strategically, the idea was that this series, dubbed Vital Signs, would be intended to support Apple Music as an exclusive.

But just last month, Apple said its first original TV series would be focused on app developers, partnering with Will.i.am and a couple of TV veterans. Services chief Eddy Cue made it clear that the move did not represent some broader push into content.

Still, it's unsurprising that Apple's TV plans are apparently "disorganized," according to Fast Company.

Since when does Apple lack focus?

Apple has long had a cozy relationship with Hollywood; iTunes has become an important distribution channel for TV and movies. Apple also gets plenty of free exposure through product placement, which it famously pays nothing for. Yet Hollywood executives are reportedly frustrated that Apple doesn't have a clear plan in place.

The Mac maker has high hopes for a handful of highly successful original series, despite Cue's comments that its forays will be limited in scope. Cue hedged his comments though, saying the company would keep on exploring various exclusive projects.

Successful exclusives are expensive

When it comes to TV content, you get what you pay for, and high-quality exclusives are expensive. That amplifies the financial risk that Apple will take on as it considers launching exclusive content. Netflix has made a killing investing heavily in original programming, but that's because it makes complete sense for its core business.

It's highly questionable how much upside Apple could realize from original TV content, irrespective of its deep pockets. If the end goal is to support Apple Music, investing hundreds of millions of dollars doesn't make sense. Beyond its money, Apple also has very little sway among content creators since it doesn't have a large existing presence, nor a particularly large user base for Apple Music.

What's the point?

Exclusive content makes sense for a video streaming service, but the music streaming industry is extremely commoditized as far as most services go.

Occasionally, an artist will launch an album exclusive to a service, but that exclusivity window is almost always small. For example, Kanye West promised to keep his new album The Life of Pablo exclusive to Tidal before quickly changing his tune and bringing it to Apple Music. People don't subscribe to music streaming services for original content in the way that they do for video streaming services.

Creating entertainment content is simply not something that Apple should be distracting itself with. Will government relax local sourcing norms for 'cutting edge' Apple Inc? Apple has no wholly-owned store in India and sells products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. Apple has no wholly-owned store in India and sells products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro.

iPhone and iPad maker Apple has given a presentation to the DIPP Secretary-headed panel on why its products should be considered  state-of-the-art ,  cutting edge  and thus exempted from mandatory local sourcing norms.

The US-based company has sought nod from the government on setting up single-brand retail stores in the country.

As per the foreign direct investment (FDI) norms, the government may relax the mandatory local sourcing norms for entities undertaking single-brand retailing of products having state-of-the-art and cutting edge technology and where local sourcing is not possible.

 The DIPP would soon take a call on the company s application,  sources said.

The government had set up a committee to decide whether a product is state-of-the-art and can be eligible for exemption from the mandatory local sourcing applicable for FDI single brand retail trading.

The committee is headed by Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Ramesh Abhishek.

At present, 100 per cent FDI is permitted in single brand retail sector but the companies are required to take FIPB permission if the limit exceeds 49 per cent.

MUST READ: Apple s certified pre-owned versus refurbished

The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries including China, Germany, the US, the UK and France.

Apple has no wholly-owned store in India and sells products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. hinese smartphone maker Xiaomi too has submitted an application to open stores in the country.

Watch all our video reviews

For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now

  IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Detwiler Fenton Says Apple's iPhone Is Headed For A 'Steep Sequential Decline' Detwiler Fenton's Jeff Johnston commented in a brief research report on Wednesday that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is headed for a "steep sequential decline."

According to Johnston's checks, Samsung's flagship Galaxy S7 is seeing now signs of a slow-down in sales and excess inventory. In fact, Apple's largest competitor is "struggling to meet carrier orders" and Samsung's success is "coming at Apple's expense."

Related Link: U.S. Tax Reform Could 'Easily' Boost Apple's EPS

Johnston continued that Samsung is taking market share away from Apple as carriers continue to promote Samsung's devices and the company has generated a large amount of "buzz" for its Samsung Gear VR headset.

Accordingly, Apple's June quarter iPhone sales in the US could see a "larger sequential decline than in past years" and sales could have declined by over 25 percent.

Finally, the analyst suggested many potential iPhone customers are postponing their upgrade and waiting for the iPhone 7 launch, which has yet to be confirmed.

Shares of Apple were trading higher by around 0.75 percent at $107.71 early Wednesday afternoon.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Detwiler Fenton iPhone 8 iPhone Demand Jeff Johnston SamsungAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-04-02
Apple Inc. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch First Impressions As I said in a previous article, I planned to place an order for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest iPad, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, as soon as they were available on the iDevice maker's online store. Sure enough, I did just that and several hours ago my iPad Pro arrived in the mail.

Although I plan to follow this column up with a more detailed review once I've spent some more time with the device, there are several thoughts that I would like to get out there following my first several hours using the device.

Without further ado, let's get to it.

New display is awesome; True Tone is incredible

One of the big problems that I've had with many iDevices is that they are simply calibrated out of the factory to be "too blue." When Apple's new True Tone feature (which adjusts the color temperature of the display to match current ambient lighting conditions) is disabled, the display is -- as per usual for Apple's iDevices -- too blue.

However, when the True Tone feature is enabled, the white balance of the display looks far more accurate and pleasing. Additionally, the display appears to have a higher contrast ratio than my older iPad Air 2 and looks about on par with the display on my iPhone 6s.

Finally, as somebody who is a fan of the "AMOLED Photo" display mode on the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S7/S7 Edge series of phones (which enlarges the color gamut to Adobe RGB, a much wider color space than sRGB), I enjoy the richer color saturation of the iPad Pro 9.7-inch display. Coverage of the wider DCI P3 color gamut in this new iPad makes colors really "pop" compared to those on my older iPad or even on my iPhone 6s.

Excellent sound

Another one of the big features of the iPad Pro lineup is the use of a quad speaker setup. Sound on this new iPad is quite loud and "full" compared to that on my older iPad Air 2. When playing games, listening to music, and playing video clips/TV shows, the new speaker system is a big step up from the one found in the Air 2.

Crazy speed

The iPad Air 2 was already quite fast -- arguably the fastest non-Windows tablet out there aside from Apple's larger iPad Pro. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro packs in a performance-reduced version of the A9X processor inside of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, but it's still appreciably quicker than the iPad Air 2.

Web pages load a bit quicker, intense 3D games like Dead Trigger 2 appear to run more smoothly, and scrolling also seems smoother (the new content that's being pushed onto the display seems to render quicker).

This is an incredibly quick tablet; I suspect that in terms of performance the device will age quite well (which is good for the consumer, but obviously not-so-great for Apple which likely wants to find ways to shorten iPad upgrade cycles, not lengthen them).

Is it worth the money? Can it save the iPad business?

I don't think very many people upgrade their iPads every year or even every two years; unless you're just a big fan of having the latest iPads, I would say that sticking to a cycle of three to four years seems sensible.

For users of the iPad Air 2, there are clear benefits to the new Pro but probably not enough to justify the $599-plus price tag for most people. However, for all users of older iPads   say, iPad 2 through 4 -- the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro is probably a worthwhile upgrade.

The only fly in the proverbial ointment is that a good portion of older iPad users probably have newer, larger iPhones. Although a 4.7-inch or 5.5-inch display isn't anywhere close to as large as the 9.7-inch display on the new iPad Pro, the larger phones will be "good enough" for most use cases.

Although I really like the new iPad Pro so far, I'm not convinced it'll be enough to put iPad back on a growth track. At 40, Is Apple Inc. Still Going Strong? CUPERTINO (AP)   Apple turned 40 on Friday, and it s a very different company from the audacious startup that Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak launched in a Silicon Valley garage in 1976.

Today, the maker of iPhones and Mac computers is the world s most valuable public corporation, with 100,000 employees and a new, multi-billion dollar headquarters in Cupertino, California, set to open next year. But despite its astounding financials   Apple reported $53 billion in profit on $233 billion in sales last year   some critics have suggested Apple s best years are behind it, as it has struggled to come up with new products and match the phenomenal success it has had in recent years.

Not surprisingly, longtime employees like software vice president Guy  Bud  Tribble disagree.

 We still think we re going to change the world,  said Tribble, one of a half-dozen Apple staffers selected by the company to briefly reminisce with reporters this week. Tribble started with Apple in 1980 and worked on the original Macintosh team. He added:  We had no idea back then that Apple would grow to the size that it is. 

The company now boasts that more than 1 billion Apple devices   iPods, iPhones, iPads, Macs and Apple Watches   are in regular use around the world. Those products are widely admired and imitated. But Apple depends on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue. And after selling a record number of iPhones last year, analysts say sales are leveling off and may even decline this year.

As it enters middle age, Apple may find it difficult to maintain its leadership in the industry. Some experts say it s getting harder to come up with new advances to distinguish Apple s products from those of its competitors.

 Apple is still as good as it used to be, but everyone else has gotten better than they used to be,  said James McQuivey, a tech analyst with Forrester Research.

He cited longtime rival Microsoft, once viewed as an industry laggard, but now credited with pioneering tablet computers with detachable keyboards   a category even Apple is embracing with the business-oriented iPad Pro. By contrast, he noted, Apple s latest iPhone is a downsized version of earlier models.

Longtime staffers said Apple still has the zeal to create revolutionary products.

 We ve done this more times than anybody else,  said Greg Joswiak, a 30-year employee and vice president for product marketing. He listed the iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes and the company s online App Store, the new Apple Watch and recent initiatives to create new health-tracking and medical-research apps for the iPhone and Watch.

Apple is widely believed to be exploring new businesses, from electric cars to virtual reality, but analysts say developing products in those categories could take years.

 We want to go into new industries   and really challenge the status quo,  said Divya Nag, a former medical researcher and entrepreneur hired in 2014 to work on Apple s health projects. Always secretive about specific plans, Apple declined to provide Nag s job title. Her resume shows a track record of helping win FDA approval for new medical inventions.

Apple s growth hasn t been smooth. Jobs was forced out in the 1990s, leading to a revolving door for chief executives until he returned in 1997, as the company he co-founded was on the brink of collapse.  There was a time when you were worried about keeping engineers here,  said Cheryl Thomas, a vice president for software engineering who joined Apple in 1989.

And in 2000, when the dot-com bubble burst, Joswiak said Jobs refused to cut spending when competitors were tightening their belts. Joswiak said Jobs pledged to  invest in ourselves more than ever before. We then suffered through 11 straight quarters  of dismal financial returns.

Jobs  death from cancer in 2011 led to the elevation of current CEO Tim Cook, who s intense but softer spoken. Tribble credits Cook with maintaining Apple s focus on quality products, even as Cook has taken his own path in running the company.

Far more than Jobs, Cook uses his prominence to speak out on social issues, from global warming to civil rights and individual privacy. He recently challenged the U.S. government in a high-stakes legal dispute over an encrypted iPhone used by an extremist killer. While that drew criticism from top Justice Department officials and GOP presidential contender Donald Trump, Joswiak said he was proud of Apple for taking what he considers a principled stand.

Apple remains one of the most sought-after brands. BAV Consulting, a firm that tracks brand reputation, said that after reaching a low in 2001, just before the iPod came out, Apple is now in the top 1 percent of American brands. And it s in the top 2 percent of brands  being worth paying more for    which means it can get away with charging more for its products, according to BAV.

Even at 40, the company hasn t lost its passion, Thomas said. She said she wanted to work there since seeing the famous 1984 Macintosh commercial, in which a young woman hurls a hammer at the giant image of a Big Brother figure.

The idea of joining what was then a tech upstart didn t sit well with her father, a career IBM scientist, who advised Thomas:  You need to think with your head and not your heart. 

But Thomas said:  I thought with my heart. 



  Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 
2016-06-21
Apple unlikely to make big changes for next iPhone- WSJ  
2016-08-27
Report: Apple Inc. May Tap Intel Corporation for Future A-Series Chip ... Just a few days ago, I penned a column speculating on whether smartphone giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) would tap microprocessor specialist Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) for the manufacture of iPhone-bound applications processors at some point in the future.

According to a report from Nikkei, citing comments from Gartner analyst Samuel Wang, Intel has "begun to engage with Apple" for such foundry work. The analyst also believes that Intel "is likely to gain orders from Apple" by either 2018 or 2019.

The foundry jackpot

Until now, most of the contract chip manufacturing deals that Intel has made public have been ones with seemingly limited volume and revenue potential to Intel. However, winning a significant portion of Apple's A-series chip business would bring meaningful revenue to the company. It would also allow Intel to control an even greater portion of the industrywide unit volumes on cutting-edge chip manufacturing technology.

If we assume that Apple pays around $22 per A-series processor (this is the estimate put out there by IHS Technology ), then at around 200 million units shipped per year, the revenue opportunity for the manufacture of these processors works out to roughly $4.4 billion per year.

If Intel can get this deal done (something that, frankly, I'd have to see to believe), grabbing a piece of that pie would be a positive for the company and its stockholders.

A potential positive for Apple

Readers may remember a recent report from DIGITIMES claiming that Apple is trying to squeeze its suppliers for iPhone 7 component orders. That same report said that Apple wasn't going to try to squeeze Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) "simply because it is difficult for Apple to find alternative sources to replace TSMC."

If Intel can become a credible second source to TSMC for A-series contract chip manufacturing, then Apple may be able to get better pricing on these chips.

That better pricing could allow Apple to either expand its gross profit margins per device (even a few dollars saved across hundreds of millions of units adds up to a non-trivial amount of incremental gross profit) or it could allow Apple the freedom to pack even more features and functionality into its chips at roughly the same manufacturing cost.

A potential negative for TSMC

If Intel does, in fact, wind up winning some A-series processor orders from Apple, this would be a negative for TSMC. I wouldn't expect Intel to become the primary source for A-series chips in the event that Apple actually uses Intel, but going from 100% allocation to TSMC (as is widely expected for the upcoming A10 and the follow-on A11 chips) to, say, 60%-70% allocation would hurt year-over-year revenue comparisons.

Additionally, with Intel in the mix, TSMC might have to price more aggressively, which would drive down average selling prices and, potentially, gross profit margins on the chips that Apple does buy from TSMC.

That being said, I would be very careful about predicting gloom and doom for TSMC. The company's execution over the last several years has been nothing short of excellent, and I expect that the chip manufacturer will continue to very aggressively push technology development in a bid to try to keep all of Apple's orders (as well as orders from other top mobile customers) flowing through its factories. Apple reports stock award of 1.26 mln shares of common stock to CEO Tim Cook - SEC filing  
2016-07-31
Now You Can See How Dominant Apple Is Every Second Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has a market cap of $560 billion. Now you can see every second of the day just how dominant the tech giant really is.

Everysecond.io/apple/ tracks a variety of Apple metrics as the seconds go by. From iPhone sales to revenue to FaceTime calls, just about everything you need is there.

Apple is arguably the most powerful company in the world, but it has shown signs of slowing down in 2016.

Related Link: Apple Surprises Street, Posts Top And Bottom Line Beat

The company reported Q3 earnings of $7.8 billion or $1.42 per share, which compares to Wall Street consensus EPS estimates of $1.38. This represents a decline of 27 percent from the $1.85 that Apple reported in Q3 2015.

The company reported quarterly revenue of $42.36 billion, beating analysts' estimates of $42.09 billion. Last year, the company reported revenue of $49.6 billion in Q3.

Apple reported its first decline in year-over-year quarterly sales since 2003 in Q2 2016, when iPhone sales fell 16 percent. Both iPad and MacBook sales also fell by double digits in Q2.

In the most recent quarter, iPhone sales were down 15 percent to 40.4 million and total revenue fell by 14.6 percent.

Posted-In: News Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-06-29
Apple, Inc.'s Move to Ditch the Headphone Jack Is More User-Friendly Than You ... Rumors that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) would ditch its headphone jack on the upcoming iPhone 7 recently gained steam when The Wall Street Journal reported Apple really is planning to keep it off the tech giant's next smartphone. While the move may initially seem borderline hostile toward users, there are ways the user experience can benefit, too. Indeed, even before Apple has confirmed it will actually move on from the 3.5mm headphone jack, maker of analog and digital signal processing products Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS) already seems to be on board with the port's evolution.

The benefits of Lightning-based headphones

In place of the 3.5mm headphone jack, users will likely be able to utilize headphones with the device in one of two ways. Listeners will either be able to use Bluetooth technology, or they will be able to plug compatible headphones into the iPhone's Lightning port. But what are the benefits of using a Lightning port over a 3.5mm headphone jack?

Interestingly, Lightning-based headphones will actually be able to offer a superior user experience compared to the capabilities of 3.5mm-based headphones. As pointed out by MacRumors, these advantages are articulated by Cirrus Logic's Wednesday-announced headset development kit for Lightning-based audio accessories:

The MFi Headset Development Kit demonstrates the advantages of Lightning-connected headsets over conventional analog headsets. For example, digital connectivity with an integrated, high-performance DAC and headphone driver delivers high-fidelity audio to the headphone speakers. In addition, Lightning-connected headphones can interact with an iOS app to create a more custom audio experience, such as personalized EQ settings.

Among other benefits, Lightning-based headphones can support more power, better sound, and more customizable EQ adjustments.

Cirrus Logic Vice President of Audio Products Marketing Carl Alberty even went as far as to say that a "Lightning-based interface ... is creating opportunities for [original equipment manufacturers] to innovate in product design and is accelerating the transition from analog- to digital-connected products within today's billion-unit headset and headphone market."

The downside, of course, to the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack from the iPhone is that users will need adapters to use their current headphones. While Apple could easily opt to minimize friction of having to do this by including an adapter as standard with a purchase of an iPhone 7, there's no way to address the fact that users would need to carry an extra piece of hardware with them in order to connect their 3.5mm-based headphones to the iPhone 7.

Still, as headphone manufacturers and headphone suppliers begin to explore Lightning-based headphone technology, it's increasingly clear there may be more positives to moving on from the 3.5mm headphone jack than initially thought.

Another sign Apple really is ditching the headphone jack?

Interestingly, the wording in Cirrus Logic's press release seemed to support rumors that Apple really is ditching the headphone jack with the iPhone 7. The headset development kit is "designed to help OEMs quickly develop new Lightning-based digital headsets," (emphasis mine) Logic noted. It's as if Logic foresees that a new popular mobile device will spark a surge in development of Lightning-based headphones.

It's not unlike Apple to be the first OEM to ditch or evolve a key hardware port on its devices. Apple has always been at the forefront when it comes to the evolution of ports. For instance, Apple led the charge when it came to removing floppy disk and optical CD drives. And the tech giant was also quick to move on from the 30-pin connector to the Lightning port. More recently, Apple has continued to demonstrated its aggressiveness in eliminating ports with the introduction of its USB-C, which combines the capabilities of multiple ports into one.

As the rumored 3.5mm jack-free iPhone 7 is beginning to look all but certain, it's comforting to know the move away from the old technology will at least represent an upgrade in the listening experience.

Is it possible this is the first move that will help consumers someday look back at the 3.5mm headphone jack in the same way we view the antiquated floppy disk today? UBS Analyst Sings the Praises of Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) UBS Steven Milunovich weighs in with favorable notes on tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and network equipment maker Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO). The analyst remains bullish on Apple despite negative Japanese phone sales, believing sales should rebound in the next two years. Milunovich also has high hopes for Cicso after they implemented cultural changes to improve employee morale.

Apple Inc.

Milunovich provided his insights on AAPL in regards to its Japanese market. While investors usually focus more on China, the company s second largest market following the U.S., he mentions some  troubling brew  in Japan which could negatively impact growth. In F2Q, the country represented Apple s highest geo operating margin at 45%, however, the analyst notes that in F15, growth slowed to only 3%.

First, the analyst states that the Japanese government expressed concern that the percentage of disposable income spent on monthly phone charges, 4%, is too high, and called on major carriers to reduce mobile rates. Milunovich explains that carriers used to offer switching incentives by subsidizing handsets, instead charging a high monthly rate for subscribers. He states  These incentives [were] helpful to Apple since it charges a 15-20% premium relative to the US.  However, this order will negatively impact growth. The analyst explains,  Japanese carriers are no longer as aggressively using discounts on handsets to lure subscribers from other carriers, which could affect phone sales. 

Milunovich also comments on the recent emergence of MNVO s (mobile virtual network operators) in Japan, which sell a sim card and offer lower rates to subscribers who use their own phones. These customers, over 5 million according to Milunovich, are likely to keep their own phones for a longer period of time, resulting in longer upgrade cycles and representing a  double whammy  when combined with handset share loss. The analyst explains further,  While the Apple brand remains strong, cheaper alternatives are making inroads with Apple s share potentially declining over time from 50% to 30%. 

The analyst maintains a Buy rating on the stock with a $115 price target. He states,  We believe iPhone sales will stabilize in F17 and grow 15% in F18 on a strong upgrade cycle, justifying a higher multiple. 

According to TipRanks, out of all the analysts who have rated Apple in the past 3 months, 82% gave a Buy rating, 2% gave a Sell rating, and 16% remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $123.16, marking a 32% upside from where shares last closed.

Cisco Systems, Inc.

Milunovuch commented on Cisco s recent corporate cultural change, highlighting several initiatives and how they will affect employee morale. The analyst states that in his firm s Glassdoor analysis, results indicated that  Cisco scores particularly high on work-life balance but lower on career opportunities. 

Following employee suggestions, Cisco recenrtly implemented The People Deal, a cultural initiative focusing on communication, innovation and risk-taking, and shared success among employees. The analyst states,  We think soft factors like culture can matter since numbers are the lagged reflection of strategy and execution. Cisco s culture affects execution.  Further initiatives to improve employee moral include a focus on accountability, guaranteed of fair pay, and more opportunities.

Despite management s efforts to enhance employee morale with a goal of overall company improvement, the analyst cites investor worries regarding corporate changes. Specifically, the analyst mentions the loss of the MLPS team, a group of 4 executives responsible for some of the company s most profitable products, over role disputes. The analyst states,  Investors appear concerned about the degree of management reshuffling and loss of the MPLS team.  However, he reassures investors that management s new priority to  stabilize the core switching and routing segments  will aid in achieving its 5% revenue growth goal.

In order to  maintain innovation , the company created around 20 Alpha teams each working on 2-3 year projects. Milunovich notes that 7 of those projects are  closer to market  including Tetration analytics, and should compensate for the loss of the MLPS team. The analyst also expects to receive updates on Alpha s security and enterprise projects. Another effort to promote innovation includes an employee contest offering the winds $250,000.

The analyst maintains a Buy rating for the stock with a $32 price target. He states,  Cisco rates above competitors in surveys and deserves a premium, in our view. 

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of all the analysts who have rated CSCO in the past 3 months, 65% gave a Buy rating, 4% gave a Sell rating, and 30% remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $31.05, marking a 12% upside from where shares last closed. 10 facts about the Apple-1, the machine that made computing history Enlarge Image TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images

On this day in 1975, Steve "Woz" Wozniak tested the prototype of what would become the Apple-1 computer. Here are 10 fascinating facts about that history-making machine.

Edit: Though we all thought June 29 was a big day in Apple history, it turns out even the man himself got it wrong. Steve Wozniak told CNET, "I had gone back to old old materials to figure out that June 29 date but it was actually quite wrong. The incident was reported correctly by me but it occurred some time later in the year. Kind of a bummer sort of mistake but the importance was there on the day it actually happened." Thanks, Woz!

1. Woz designed the very first Apple-1 computer prototype based on the $175 Motorola 6800 CPU. When a team of former Motorola engineers released the $25 MOS 6502 CPU, Woz adapted his system around the cheaper chip to make the Apple-1 more affordable.

2. The processor ran at just 1.023 MHz. Its 4KB of RAM was expandable to 8KB or 48KB. An additional cassette tape interface allowed the user to save program data. This was one of the precursors to the floppy disc.

3. The Apple-1 computer consisted of a single motherboard, with about 60 chips, fully pre-assembled. At the time, computers did not come assembled, and consisted of multiple circuit boards.

4. Even though it came with a pre-assembled motherboard, that's all the Apple-1 came with. Owners had to make their own case.

5. Woz included motherboard support for CRT TV compatibility -- a novel idea at the time -- as well as support for a keyboard and a power supply (all of which the user needed to supply themselves).

6. Woz offered the Apple-1 design to his current employer, Hewlett-Packard, five times. HP turned him down.

7. A Star Trek game was released for the Apple-1 on a cassette in 1977 for $5.

8. Steve Jobs was the one who convinced Woz to try and sell his computer. Woz built 200 units by hand, and all but 25 of those units sold during the short time the Apple-1 remained on the market.

9. The wholesale price of the computer was $500. The retail price was the eyecatching $666.66. According to Woz, "I was into repeating digits...Steve worked a deal to sell his computers wholesale price to the store for $500 bucks. What should the retail be? Add a third on. That puts it at about 667 plus its 666.66 because it's all one digit, to me that's just an easier way to type. We didn't know the number had religious significance." These days, Apple-1s occasionally pop up at auction. The most an Apple-1 ever sold for was $905,000 for a working unit in 2014.

10. As of June 2015, only 66 Apple-1s remained in existence according to an online Apple-1 registry. Woz was the only one at the fledgling Apple who could provide tech support for the Apple-1, so users were encouraged to trade their units in for the Apple II when it was released in 1977 and many of the original Apple I units were destroyed. Apple to get American Council of the Blind prize in Minneapolis The American Council of the Blind during a Minneapolis event is awarding Apple Inc. the Robert S. Bray Award for the company s  continued accessibility innovation. 

The Bray award, according to a news release, is given to a person or a company  that has improved communication technology or devices, or expanded access to such devices, for all blind people. 

The Alexandria, Va.-based American Council of the Blind will hold its annual conference and convention on July 1-9 at Minneapolis  Hyatt Regency Hotel. Cupertino, Calif. based Apple will receive the award on July 4.

The council bills itself as the largest consumer-based organization for blind and visually impaired individuals, advocating for the rights of the blind. It s comprised of more than 70 affiliate entities across the United States, including one in Minneapolis. Related Articles US: North Korean test missile explodes on launch

Twitter got you mad?  Trigger  service turns anger into action with automated donations

Trump has signed repeal of the FCC privacy rules. Here s what happens next.

Laughter amid the tears in new podcasts about depression, tragic events

Public-radio personality parlays depression, love of comedy into new podcast

Apple has a long history of making its Mac computers and iOS mobile devices accessibility-friendly   meaning it builds in software features for the deaf, the blind and those with other impairments.

It recently announced a raft of new accessibility features due to show up in updates to its four operating systems   macOS, iOS, watchOS and tvOS   for the Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Apple TV.

Notably, it has made fitness controls in its smartwatch compatible with those in manually propelled wheelchairs. It also had migrated Siri, the voice-guided iOS smart assistant, to the Mac.

Other accessibility-related software features, now undergoing testing by developers, and due to reach the public in the autumn, include: 
2016-12-21
Apple, Inc. Would Rather Kill US Manufacturing if It Could To this day, the Mac Pro remains one of the few products that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) actually manufactures in the U.S. And it's not just final assembly that takes place stateside, either; Apple even makes other components like the metal chassis for the professional desktop here in the U.S. When the company unveiled the new is-it-a-trash-can-or-a-jet-engine design in 2013, it made sure to point out the shift in manufacturing.

At the time, like now, Apple was on the receiving end of criticism regarding its use of Asian contract manufacturers abroad (although the Mac Pro facility is operated by Singapore-based contract manufacturer Flextronics).

CEO Tim Cook tweeted about it:

Watching the Mac Pro come together in Austin yesterday,thanks to a team loaded with American manufacturing expertise. pic.twitter.com/5LcCOFIVgC   Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 6, 2014

Apple made a marketing video about it:

It was a big deal at the time, even if mostly symbolic. Apple earned some political goodwill in the process, while minimizing the financial impact by choosing one of its lowest-volume -- and most expensive -- products to make at home. Here's the thing: Apple would still probably prefer to kill off its U.S. manufacturing.

It's about skills

In a recent Bloomberg report by Mark Gurman discussing the broader state of the Mac, some light has been shed on some of the challenges that have plagued the Mac Pro and its domestic production. Behind the scenes, Mac Pro manufacturing suffered from a few operational bottlenecks. For example, Apple had to create its own manufacturing tooling equipment and then train workers on operating the machines in order to construct the glossy chassis.

While investing in customized tooling infrastructure is nothing new for Apple, and comprises the bulk of its capital expenditures (which are expected to soar to a mind-boggling $16 billion next fiscal year), the real kicker is this snippet from the report (emphasis added): "Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions."

This underscores a key reason that underpins Apple's preference of manufacturing in Asia. Sure, labor costs are lower, but the Mac maker has long noted that there is a dearth of mid-level manufacturing engineers with the right skill sets in the U.S.

The Trump factor

Just because Apple would like to kill off its U.S. manufacturing due to both operational and financial considerations, that doesn't mean it will. This is particularly true given President-elect Donald Trump's heavy emphasis on U.S. manufacturing on the campaign trail. We also know that Trump is vaguely offering incentives to Apple with the hopes of bringing some of those jobs back, a similar strategy that the president-elect used with Carrier parent United Technologies a few weeks ago.

There's far more political pressure now than there was in 2012 and 2013 to create domestic manufacturing jobs. So while Apple and its investors would still rather keep manufacturing in Asia, the company still has to seriously entertain the idea of making iPhones in America. 17% Pop On Apple Supplier Deal  Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) Manufacturing Problem Is a Recipe for Political Poison There has been a lot of talk about moving high-tech manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. in recent months. Bringing manufacturing back to America from China was a key part of President-elect Donald Trump s campaign.

Click to Enlarge Source: Twitter

Moving iPhone manufacturing to the U.S. has been raised as a possibility by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ).

But based on what s going on with the company s foundering Mac Pro, the idea of an American plant churning out new Apple products seems more far-fetched than ever.

The Mac Pro Problem

Before it sold iPhones, iPads and iPods, Apple was a computer company. It still sells Macs, and while it s no longer its primary product, Macs still account for more than 10% of its total revenue.

And of all the Macs, the flagship model is the Mac Pro. This is the PC that s aimed at the highest-demand users; the computer that s historically found in professional studios, powering the most demanding tasks in the creative workspace.

And, boy, is it expensive. The cheapest model is $2,999 (the only thing in the box besides the PC itself is a power cord) and a maxed out version approaches $10,000.

It s also over three years old.

Apple introduced the current Mac Pro in 2013. Since that time, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC ) has released several new generations of processors. The AMD FireProD-series graphics cards from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD ) that the Mac Pro comes equipped with are also three years old. The base 256 GB of PCIe flash storage in a $3,999 version of the Mac Pro is the same amount you get in Apple s $1,299 MacBook.

In a time when most computers get a yearly refresh, Apple has let its flagship Mac Pro sit for 1098 days and counting. And it s charging a premium for an antiquated PC.

That sends a message to Apple computer buyers, and it s not a good message.

Mac Pro: Made in America

When Apple released the new Mac Pro back in 2013, it did so with considerable fanfare. Not just because it was launching an all-new flagship PC that looked like nothing else on the market, but because it was made in America. The company actually built the Mac Pro at a plant in Austin, Texas, as part of a $100 million investment in U.S. manufacturing.

However, that move may have backfired. In a report published by Bloomberg, the U.S. plant   which required customized tools and training of workers   is blamed for slow production that left AAPL unable to meet demand.

The situation is bad enough that when it comes to a potential replacement for the Mac Pro,  some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it s cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products. 

Manufacturing challenges are not the only reason AAPL has abandoned its professional PC for so long. But there are lessons here for those who would like to see Apple move iPhone production to America.

The company has looked into the possibility. It actually commissioned its Chinese iPhone manufacturing partner, Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd (OTCMKTS: HNHPF )   better known as Foxconn   to look into setting up iPhone factories in the U.S. to replace Chinese production.

Next Page Apple Inc. (AAPL) CEO On Meeting With Trump: 'Just Yelling' Can't Change Things InvestorPlace InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips

Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) CEO Tim Cook and several other top tech executives were at Trump Tower last week for a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump.

It would have been pretty awkward for him to be there, as he always preferred Hillary Clinton over Trump and even held a fundraiser for her in August.

Why Cook Was at Trump Tower

TechCrunch obtained a post made on Apple's intranet on Monday in which Cook explained the purpose of his meeting with Trump. He said the number of issues (like renewable energy, tax reform, and intellectual property reform) that need to be resolved is pretty large, and the way to advance them is to engage.

"Personally, I've never found being on the sideline a successful place to be. The way that you influence these issues is to be in the arena. So whether it's in this country, or the European Union, or in China or South America, we engage. And we engage when we agree and we engage when we disagree. I think it's very important to do that because you don't change things by just yelling," Cook noted.

Apple runs its business on 100% renewable energy, said Cook. This is the first time the company has claimed that. The company last claimed that nearly 93% of its operations around the world get power from renewable energy.

Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL ) announced earlier this month that it will run its business on 100% renewable energy as well, notes Business Insider .

Apple Hasn't Given Up on Desktops

People have begun to feel that Apple has abandoned the desktop, but Cook is trying to dispel the feeling. In the internal message, Cook also claimed that desktops are "very strategic" for the company. In October, the company released an overhauled MacBook Pro laptop, but it hasn't updated much of its Mac lineup of desktops for several years.

Seeing this, Mac fans have begun to believe that Apple is forsaking the desktop.

In the post, however, Cook made it clear that the company has some great desktops in its roadmap, and there are no reasons for anyone to worry.

Stressing the importance of desktops, Cook said, "It's unique compared to the notebook," as in a desktop, one can put a lot more performance, for instance, a big screen, more storage, more memory, etc. "So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people," Cook noted.

The post Apple Inc. CEO On Meeting With Trump: 'Just Yelling' Can't Change Things appeared first on ValueWalk .

Many academics claim investing is a "random walk." We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name "ValueWalk." Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace

The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) CEO On Meeting With Trump: 'Just Yelling' Can't Change Things appeared first on InvestorPlace . What's Next for the Big Apple Inc. (AAPL)? Piper Jaffray Top Analyst Gives His ... Piper Jaffray top analyst Gene Munster, one of Wall Street s most acclaimed analysts who has notably covered Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) from his first note in 2004, a full three years before the first generation of iPhone took the market by storm, is writing one last note on his call for the future of the tech giant.

It s been a passion project for the analyst in many ways, who has been steadfastly bullish on the stock s prospects in his proud 12 years of coverage. Munster s prowess in his speculation on Apple and its economic opportunities is time-honored and highly valued on the Street. In 2004, the giant s share price had not even reached $2 yet. Therefore, Munster has clearly earned his Street cred, as now at the close of 2016, the giant s stock price is circling $117, almost 60 laps around its budding heyday figure.

So what does the great Gene Munster predict Apple has in store when glancing at a crystal ball misting over the next five years?

Often, when looking ahead, one can glean valuable insight from the past, and for Munster,  not much has changed since 2004  in terms of the two predominant investor concerns: unit growth and innovation. Though the analyst remains firmly in the camp of Team Apple, he thinks the future success of the giant hinges upon  making Services a bigger part of the story,  and transitioning away from a reputation built around cycles of products.

However, for Apple to make the jump from product cycles to a full-fledged  Services  branding, Munster suspects services would have to reach 50% of the company s total revenue.

 The bottom line is this: Apple has a great Services brand between the App Store, Apple Music, iTunes, etc. For it to get credit for it, the company may have to take unique measures to sell hardware in a different way. It could mean accepting a lower profit margin on hardware by selling the low-end device we expected years ago, but got the iPhone 5C. Or it could mean that they sell a bundled hardware/software package direct to consumers [ ]  Munster mulls over, adding that while the correct path to be recognized for services remains unclear for now, he bets on Apple s team to get it right.

With regards to unit growth, not only does the analyst vote more confidence for the iPhone 7 come March and June than the Street, he also has major expectations for the forthcoming 10th anniversary model, anticipating it can be a  compelling  driving factor for sustaining growth numbers.

For his final voice on the matter, the analyst turns to augmented reality as Apple s future crux of innovation, highlighting various dabbling opportunities for the giant, from a new addition of sensors to instill depth, computer vision-enabling cameras and software, and even potentially new models of the iPhone incorporating external peripherals or wearables like AR or MR glasses- which he surmises could grow to eventually take the iPhone s illustrious place. From Munster s standpoint, the road looks infinite, particularly as he believes,  The smartphone remains the world s window to augmented reality today. 

What could follow in the footsteps of the innovative world of AR? Munster already sees the writing on the wall for Apple s next platform: the auto-verse, be it a car or software. Even if Apple s first moves into the automotive sector stand await years in the making, Munster has a habit of calling the shots correctly, especially in his coverage of Apple.

874 notes later, the analyst still believes in the magic and joy that Apple has brilliantly made its hallmark over the years, from the iPod to the iPhone to whatever next-level abracadabra item the giant has spinning in its wheels.

From a nostalgic perspective, the analyst muses once more before passing his baton, contending,  That magic is a big reason why we ve been unwavering bulls on Apple for almost the entire time we ve covered it. Sometimes we missed the short-term, but long-term it s been the right bet. AAPL probably won t appreciate as much over the next twelve years as it has over the past twelve, but we still believe the company can recreate that magical feeling with some future product and will enjoy watching the stock rise when they do. 

Munster has an excellent standing with TipRanks with a top-notch performance backed by a 65% success rate and a ranking of #14 out of 4,291 analysts. Munster has garnered 16.5% in his yearly returns with an average of 10.0% in profits when recommending AAPL stock.

General consensus sentiment seems to back Munster s confident forecast for the giant, as TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 29 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 24 are bullish on Apple stock and just 5 remain sidelined. With a return potential of 14%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $133.72. Nokia sues Apple for infringing patents, industry back on war footing BELGRADE/HELSINKI Nokia Corp (NOKIA.HE) said on Wednesday it had filed a number of lawsuits against Apple Inc (AAPL.O) for violating 32 technology patents, striking back at the iPhone maker's legal action targeting the one-time cellphone industry leader a day earlier.

Nokia's lawsuits, filed in courts in Dusseldorf, Mannheim and Munich, Germany, and the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, cover patents for displays, user interfaces, software, antennas, chipsets and video coding.

"Since agreeing a license covering some patents from the Nokia Technologies portfolio in 2011, Apple has declined subsequent offers made by Nokia to license other of its patented inventions which are used by many of Apple's products," Nokia said in a statement.

Apple on Tuesday had taken legal action against Acacia Research Corp (ACTG.O) and Conversant Intellectual Property Management Inc [GEGGIM.UL], accusing them of colluding with Nokia to extract and extort exorbitant revenues unfairly from Apple.

"We ve always been willing to pay a fair price to secure the rights of patents covering technology in our products," said Apple spokesman Josh Rosenstock. "Unfortunately, Nokia has refused to license their patents on a fair basis and is now using the tactics of a patent troll to attempt to extort money from Apple by applying a royalty rate to Apple s own inventions they had nothing to do with."

Acacia and Conversant did not immediately respond to requests for comment, and Nokia was not immediately available to comment on the Apple lawsuit.

The legal action by Nokia and Apple appear to mark a revival of the "smartphone patent wars" that began five years ago, when Apple filed a series of patent infringement cases against Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) around the world, with wins and losses on both sides.

Apple's lawsuit against Acacia, Conversant and Nokia was filed only one day after Ottawa-based Conversant named Boris Teksler as its new chief executive. He had worked as Apple's director of patent licensing and strategy from 2009 to 2013, the latter half of his tenure overlapping with the lawsuits against Samsung.

Acacia is a publicly traded patent licensing firm based in Newport Beach, California. One of its subsidiaries sued Apple for patent infringement and was awarded $22 million by a Texas jury in September.

Similarly, Conversant, which claims to own thousands of patents, announced last week that a Silicon Valley jury had awarded one of its units a $7.3 million settlement in an infringement case against Apple involving two smartphone patents.

Nokia, once the world's dominant cellphone maker, missed out on the transition to smartphones triggered by Apple's introduction of the iPhone in 2007.

The Finnish company sold its handset business to Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) two years ago, leaving it with its telecom network equipment business and a bulging portfolio of mobile equipment patents.

But this year, Microsoft sold its Nokia-feature phone business to a new company called HMD Global.

Nokia agreed to a 10-year licensing deal with HMD, which continues to market low-cost Nokia phones and plans to introduce new Nokia smartphone models next year.

(Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Lisa Shumaker) Nokia sues apple in Europe, U.S. for infringement of Nokia patents  
2016-12-17
2 More Insights From Apple Inc.'s Job Boards I regularly scan Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) job boards to try to get a sense of the technologies and products that the iDevice maker is working on. Apple, like most major companies, doesn't divulge too many specifics on the projects that it's developing in these listings. Nevertheless, it's not hard to get some sense of what broad themes and ideas the company is investing in by carefully observing these listings.

In this article, I'd like to go over two items that caught my eye during my most recent perusal of Apple's latest job listings.

Continued investment in liquid crystal display technology

Apple is widely expected to deploy displays based on organic light emitting diodes, or OLEDs, in at least one of its next generation iPhone models. Apple is still expected to utilize more traditional liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, in its mainstream iPhone models next year, though.

Although it might have seemed as though Apple's plan is to move as quickly away from LCDs to OLEDs in future products, potentially ditching LCDs altogether fairly soon, a job listing for an Optical Display Engineer on Apple's site seems to suggest otherwise.

Apple wants somebody who "will serve as a focal point in designing, developing, characterization and optimization of the LCD optical performances for the portable displays."

This individual will also "investigate up-to-date LCD technologies and generate new approaches to further enhance Apple portable display optical performances."

It's quite clear from this listing that Apple's product portfolio will continue to utilize LCDs in some fashion for a long time to come, even if the company utilizes OLEDs in some of its products.

This is sensible as LCDs can be much more cost effective than OLEDs. So, for lower-priced devices in Apple's product stack, sticking with LCDs (and, of course, continuing to improve them) may be the right business move for years to come.

Designing its own image sensors?

There is a lot of secrecy around Apple's camera technologies. A recent tear-down by Chipworks reveals that Sony (NYSE:SNE) builds the front-facing and rear-facing image sensors used in Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones.

It's not clear, though, whether these sensors are the product of a joint design effort between Sony and Apple (with Sony serving as the manufacturer), or if it's a custom design by Sony aimed at meeting Apple's specifications.

At any rate, Apple has a listing on its job board for an Image Sensor Analog Design Engineer. This individual, per the listing, will work as part of Apple's Camera Hardware Engineering group, which "is responsible for all research, design, development, test and qualification of camera hardware for Apple products."

Once hired, the engineer will "be at the center of [an] image sensor design effort" and the job entails "scoping and documenting sensor architectures, engaging in design execution and driving sensor validation."

If Apple hasn't already been designing its own image sensors, it certainly appears to be in the process of doing so now. Considering how important the quality of the camera experience is in today's smartphones, it's not a surprise that Apple wants to invest in building differentiated camera technologies for its devices. Apple, Inc. Has a Long Way to Go to Be Perceived as a Services Company Over the past year or so, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has made a concerted effort to shift investor focus from unit sales and product cycles toward recurring-revenue sources like services and subscriptions. The iPhone maker started highlighting non-GAAP financial metrics like installed base purchases, which represented the gross value of digital content that users purchase in aggregate, irrespective of how those purchases end up being accounted for on Apple's financial statements.

Interestingly, Apple didn't disclose this figure last quarter, but that could be more about the SEC's broader crackdown on non-GAAP metrics that's been going on all year. The company is still very much trying to highlight services growth, noting the services business hit an all-time record last quarter. Here's CEO Tim Cook on the last earnings call:

We had a record-setting quarter for services with revenue growth accelerating to 24%, reaching $6.3 billion. App store revenue continued to skyrocket while music revenue grew by 22% thanks to the growing popularity of Apple music. ... We remain very confident about the future of our services business, given the unmatched level of engagement, satisfaction, and loyalty of our growing installed base. We have almost doubled the size of our services revenue in the last four years, and as we've said before, we expect it to be the size of a Fortune 100 Company in FY17.

For reference, the bar to make it into the Fortune 100 for 2016 was about $28.1 billion, and Apple's services revenue for fiscal 2016 was $24.3 billion.

Goodbye, Gene

Longtime Apple analyst Gene Munster is leaving Piper Jaffray to pursue a new career in venture capital, but the analyst is giving investors a parting research note. Munster has similarly taken note of how Apple has been trying to change investor perception, but the analyst believes that services will need to comprise at least 30% of revenue before investors start to "give it more credit." If Apple wanted to be classified as a services company, it would probably need to bring in half of revenue from services, in Munster's view.

This percentage has been rising as Apple's services business grows, but services comprised just 11% of sales last fiscal year. So Apple still has a long way to go before investors start to give the segment any real respect (at least if we go by Munster's thresholds). Apple will need to come up with many more services if it hopes to get there. Apple Pay is growing, but the company has never really been too forthright about the mobile payment service's economics.

Perhaps more importantly, it's really difficult to see a path toward services becoming this large in terms of the overall business, simply because the iPhone dominates Apple's financials...although in some contexts you could consider the iPhone itself as a service.

iPhone-as-a-Service (iPaaS)?

I know what you're thinking: The last thing we need is another "as-a-Service" acronym, and you're right. But hear me out. This isn't some new idea; investors have long relied on ongoing upgrades as part of the Apple thesis. But Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program is the clearest attempt to create long-term recurring revenue from annual upgrades in a structured way. Apple outsources the financing of this program to Citizens One, so for the most part it recognizes the related revenue upfront (net of a guarantee liability associated with the trade-in right).

But I'd argue that iPhone Upgrade Program revenue could be considered a form of services revenue, even though it shows up as iPhone revenue. The AppleCare component of the iPhone Upgrade Program is likely already being classified as service, but you could effectively consider the hardware component recurring revenue, too. That rationale would also apply to customers that participate in early upgrade and leasing programs offered by carriers, which would shift the accounting to the carriers' balance sheets.

The point is that you could take a subset of iPhone users that are committed to regular upgrades, either through Apple directly or via carrier programs, and arguably consider those sales as service given the long-term and recurring nature of the relationship. These data aren't available, but if you look at it this way, services actually comprise a larger percentage than what's officially reported. 
2016-02-19
2 More Potential Growth Drivers for Apple Inc. Though its size makes it difficult to do, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is famous for going to great lengths to keep its cards as close to its vest as possible, especially regarding its forthcoming product pipeline. But the media and analyst community continue to find ways to peer behind Apple's corporate curtain. Case in point: Apple's senior management recently held an employee town-hall meeting, and their commentary leaked out as containing some fascinating tidbits on several aspects for the company's strategy. Let's take a look.

Town-hall takeaways

During the town-hall meeting, Apple CEO Tim Cook, new COO Jeff Williams, and retail chief Angela Ahrendts each reportedly addressed Apple employees in attendance. As several news outlets noted, the contents of the presentation spanned a host of issues. Perhaps most importantly, Cook reportedly made a number of bullish statements about Apple's flagging iPad business, saying he expects the company's tablet sales to return to growth by the end of 2016 at the latest.

Perhaps this news refers to the much-rumored iPad Air 3 Apple is expected to launch this spring, or maybe it's something else. But Cook has repeatedly touted the iPad as a growth business over the years, only to see its sales continue to slow.

In an unexpected twist, Cook also reportedly hinted at the possibility of porting additional Apple services onto Alphabet's Android mobile OS. Apple made waves late last year when it decided to make its much-touted Apple Music on-demand service available on Android.

But what might these tidbits mean for Apple shareholders?

Investor implications

In terms of connecting Cook's commentary with what it could mean for Apple's financial performance, the revival of iPad growth as well as expanding additional service to Android should increase investors' bullishness on Apple's shares, which seem quite attractive heading into the iPhone 7's release.

The potential windfall from an iPad sales renaissance should be pretty obvious. With investors increasingly sour on Apple's sales prospects, the company and its investors will welcome increased shipments from any of its segments. If Apple plans to bifurcate its tablet release cycle by launching only the iPad Air 3 in the spring, such a move could signal that the company now views the iPad Pro as the favorite son of its tablet business.

The service-expansion angle is perhaps more interesting, and certainly less straightforward. Apple prefers to keep its software and services to itself, as part of its lucrative closed-loop strategy. However, the company has been known to make exceptions when it serves strategic needs. The quintessential example is the original iTunes, which Apple made available on Microsoft's Windows platform to much internal controversy at the time. However, by doing so, Apple positioned itself to corner the digital-music market, which led to the dominance of the iPod.

Making Apple Music available on Android would be an extension of the same idea -- using a popular service to create a gateway to drive hardware sales. However, it remains unclear which additional services Apple could use to further extend this strategy onto enemy platforms. Apple Pay seems like the most obvious candidate. Could Apple push its stymied Apple cable product onto multiple platforms? Other services, such as the App Store and iCloud, wouldn't make a lot of sense. So I like the overall concept, but I fail to see how it might materialize in reality.

Both of these topics present Apple investors with more questions than answers. However, they also illustrate a key high-level point for Apple. Even though the market takes a dim view of the company, Apple has plenty of ways it can continue to grow sales and profits in the years ahead.

We'll have to wait and see how these two developments unfold, if at all, but they affirm what those of us who follow the company know: Better days lie ahead for Apple. Could Apple, Inc. Really Have Sold 5.1 Million Apple Watches Last Quarter? Market researcher Strategy Analytics has just released its estimates on the global smartwatch market for the fourth quarter. Perhaps the most important high-level trend is that smartwatches overtook Swiss watch shipments during the quarter, potentially marking an important turning point in the age-old industry.

The growth was largely being driven by Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

Can I get your digits?

Here are Strategy Analytics' estimates on each category. The researcher estimates that Apple grabbed 63% of those smartwatch units, with Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) scoring 16%, which translates into 5.1 million units and 1.3 million units, respectively.

Category Q4 2014 Q4 2015 Smartwatch 1.9 million 8.1 million Swiss watch 8.3 million 7.9 million

That means that the two frenemies combined took home nearly 80% of the global smartwatch market during the fourth quarter. Compare that duopoly to the combined 40% market share that Apple and Samsung had of the smartphone market in the fourth quarter, according to IDC estimates.

A numbers game

This leads to the next question: is 5.1 million Apple Watch units realistic? We know that Apple's "Other Products" segment generated $4.35 billion in revenue during the fourth quarter, which was up 62% year-over-year. As usual, Apple continues to be opaque about Apple Watch sales for competitive reasons, but the company did say that much of that growth was attributable to "the growing contribution from Apple Watch."

I've always operated on the assumption that Apple Watch average selling prices are right around $500, give or take $50 perhaps. Until Apple opens up and proves me wrong, I will continue to operate on that assumption. Hard to tell when the pricing spectrum for the product ranges from $350 to $17,000.

At a $500 ASP, 5.1 million units would translate into $2.55 billion. In dollar terms, Other Products grew by $1.66 billion in the fourth quarter, so Apple Watch would comprise more than 100% of that growth. That's not too far fetched, since it's happened before and Apple Watch growth is offsetting declines in categories like iPods.

Too much, too fast

However, I still think that 5.1 million units is too high of an estimate. Even if we brought the ASP down to $450, that would still be $2.3 billion in Apple Watch revenue.

iPod sales are so small nowadays that the revenue base probably doesn't have much downside, so it's hard to imagine iPod revenue declines are that meaningful anymore. The last time that Apple disclosed iPod revenue was Q3 2014 when it brought in just $410 million in iPod revenue. We also know that Apple TV saw record sales in the fourth quarter, which should be giving Other Products additional uplift. Beats is in there, too.

I don't believe Apple sold 5.1 million Apple Watches over the holidays. I also didn't believe Strategy Analytics' estimate of 4 million Apple Watches in Q2 2015, since it implied an incredibly low ASP. Just to fill in the gap, Strategy Analytics estimated that Apple sold 4.5 million Apple Watches in the third quarter, which would bring its 2015 total to 13.6 million.

Apple Watch is undoubtedly dominating the smartwatch market, but those figures are still too high. US, Apple ratchet up rhetoric in fight over encryption An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar

WASHINGTON The U.S. Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday seeking to compel Apple Inc (AAPL.O) to comply with a judge's order to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, portraying the tech giant's refusal as a "marketing strategy."

In response, a senior Apple executive, speaking with reporters on condition of anonymity, characterized the Justice Department's filing as an effort to argue its case in the media before the company has a chance to respond.

The back and forth escalated a showdown between the Obama administration and Silicon Valley over security and privacy that ignited earlier this week.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation is seeking the tech company's help to access shooter Syed Rizwan Farook's phone by disabling some of its passcode protections. The company so far has pushed back and on Thursday won three extra days to respond to the order.

Another senior Apple executive said Congress is the right place for a debate over encryption, not a courtroom.

The executive said Apple was stunned that such a legal request had come from the U.S. government rather than a country with weaker traditions of protecting privacy and civil liberties.

The motion to compel Apple to comply did not carry specific penalties for the company, and the Justice Department declined to comment on what recourse it was willing to seek.

In the order, prosecutors acknowledged that the latest filing was "not legally necessary" since Apple had not yet responded to the initial order.

The clash between Apple and the Justice Department has driven straight to the heart of a long-running debate over how much law enforcement and intelligence officials should be able to monitor digital communications.

A federal court hearing in California has been scheduled for March 22 in the case, according to Thom Mrozek, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California.

The Justice Department said its Friday motion was a response to Apple CEO Tim Cook's public statement Wednesday, which included a refusal to "hack our own users and undermine decades of security advancements that protect our customers."

"Rather than assist the effort to fully investigate a deadly terrorist attack ... Apple has responded by publicly repudiating that order," prosecutors wrote in the Friday filing.

"Apple s current refusal to comply with the court s order, despite the technical feasibility of doing so, instead appears to be based on its concern for its business model and public brand marketing strategy,  prosecutors said.

ID CHANGE POSES HURDLE

The two senior Apple executives said the company had worked hard to help investigators and tried multiple avenues including sending engineers with FBI agents to a WiFi network that would recognize the phone and begin an automatic backup if that had been enabled.

They criticized government officials who reset the Apple identification associated with the phone, which closed off the possibility of recovering information from it through that automatic cloud backup.

San Bernardino County reset the password on the iCloud account at the request of the FBI, said county spokesman David Wert.

The government first disclosed the identification change in a footnote to its filing Friday. The Apple executives said that the reset occurred before Apple was consulted. The Justice Department declined to comment on that contention.

The two sides have been on a collision course since Apple said it would offer strong encryption by default on its devices in 2014, a move prompted in part by the surveillance revelations from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.

But the Justice Department struggled to find a compelling case where encryption proved to be an insurmountable hurdle for its investigators until the Dec. 2 shooting rampage by Farook and his wife in San Bernardino, California, which killed 14. Authorities believe the couple was inspired by the Islamic State.

Some technology experts and privacy advocates backing Apple suggest Farook's work phone likely contains little data of value. They have accused the Justice Department of choreographing the case to achieve a broader goal of gaining support for legislation or a legal precedent that would force companies to crack their encryption for investigators.

The case has quickly become a topic in the U.S. presidential race. Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on Friday called for a "boycott" against Apple until the company complied with the court order.

The two Apple executives said they felt in good company, noting that Trump has faulted many other groups and individuals.

The debate will also play out on Capitol Hill. Bipartisan leaders of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee late Friday invited Apple's Cook and FBI Director James Comey to testify at an upcoming hearing on encryption, though a date was not set.

The House Judiciary Committee is also planning an encryption hearing for March and has invited Apple to attend, according to a congressional source.

(This version of the story was corrected to remove reference to Google encryption in 18th paragraph)

(Reporting by Julia Edwards and Dustin Volz; Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles, David Ingram in Washington, Dan Levine, Julia Love and Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Editing by Bill Rigby, Cynthia Osterman and Lisa Shumaker) Customer Loyalty and Retention: Key Driver for Apple Apple's Optimism in 'Extreme Conditions': What's the Plan? PART 3 OF 7

Customer Loyalty and Retention: Key Driver for Apple

Strong customer satisfaction and retention rates

Apple (AAPL) has repeatedly stated that it has a very satisfied and loyal customer base. In fiscal 1Q16, Apple experienced a high switch rate from Android (GOOG) to iPhone and expects the same to continue in the future. A small number of users also switched from other smartphone operating systems such as Microsoft (MSFT) and BlackBerry (BBRY) to Apple.

Recent customer surveys by 451 Research measured a 99% customer satisfaction rate for iPhone 6S and 6S Plus and a 97% satisfaction rate for the iPad Air 2. The survey also suggests that the loyalty rate for the iPhone is almost twice as strong as the next highest brand.

Interested in AAPL? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on AAPL Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Installed base drives revenues

According to Apple, a growing portion of its revenues is driven by its existing installed base. Since the customer engagement rate is high, Apple spends a lot of time on devices to purchase apps, content, and other services. Customers are also more likely to buy other Apple products or replace the ones they currently own.

As a result, Apple s installed base is growing at a fast pace and recently crossed the 1 billion active devices milestone for the first time. Driven by impressive growth in its install base, Apple has seen increasing demand and growth of its services business segment, which is also an important source of recurring revenues.

Apple constitutes 16% of the Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK). Can Apple Pay Save The Stock?  Apple Inc - U.S. files motion to compel Apple to comply with phone order -ABC News - Reuters  
2016-03-26
The Potential Storage Options for the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 There has been a lot of grumbling among Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) customers around the fact that the base storage models of its iPhones still come with a paltry 16 gigabytes of NAND flash. As my fellow Foolish colleague Evan Niu points out, this is an excellent upsell strategy on Apple's part that has helped contribute to the noticeable increase in iPhone average selling prices.

With the iPhone 7, I believe that Apple will retain its current storage tier structure of 16/64/128 gigabytes. However, I think with the iPhone 7 Plus and/or the rumored Pro, Apple will actually go ahead and change things up a bit. Allow me to explain.

Did you see what Apple did with the iPad Pro?

With the iPad Pro, Apple offers three storage tiers. The base model starts at 32 gigabytes, with two higher-priced models offering 128 gigabytes and 256 gigabytes of storage, respectively. I think this is a harbinger of what to expect from the larger iPhones this fall.

For the regular iPhone 7 Plus, I could see Apple offering storage capacities of 32 gigabytes, 64 gigabytes, and 128 gigabytes, at the $749, $849, and $949 price points, respectively. For the iPhone 7 Pro, I could see Apple offering variants with 32 GB, 128 GB, and 256 GB just as we've seen with the iPad Pro models.

These phones could sell for $849, $999, and $1149, respectively. Certainly quite pricey, so they had better be best-in-class across the board, but there are certainly many iPhone buyers who are fairly price insensitive and simply want the best iPhones that money can buy.

Here's why this pricing structure would work nicely

The goal of Apple's pricing structures has always been to try to convince customers that for each additional $100 spent moving up a tier, Apple is actually giving an incrementally better value. Indeed, if we look at the pricing structure for the iPhone 6s, Apple gives the customer an extra 48 gigabytes of storage for the first $100, but an additional 64 gigabytes of storage for the next $100.

The pricing scheme that I suggested above would have a similar effect. In going from the $749 iPhone 7 Plus to the $849 iPhone 7 Pro, the customer not only gets an extra 16 gigabytes of storage, but a superior camera. The value of the iPhone Pro increases vis-a-vis the vanilla iPhone Plus model when we get to the 128 gigabyte storage tier, where the incremental cost of an ostensibly better camera subsystem works out to just $50.

And, of course, for customers that find that even 128 gigabytes is not enough for their needs, only the iPhone Pro in this case would give them the extra 128 gigabytes of storage that they want. One has to figure that the kind of person that would need that much storage space in a phone is the same kind of person that would be taking a lot of 4K videos with her/his phone -- meaning that they'd probably want the better dual-camera subsystem anyway.

Apple has an interesting opportunity here

In a world where smartphone upgrade cycles are set to lengthen, Apple is best served by trying to extract as much revenue per unit at the high end as possible. Introducing higher tiers of iPhones with additional features/storage capacities is, in my mind, the right thing to do to capitalize on this opportunity. 
2016-09-20
1 More Surprise Winner Inside the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Image source: Getty.

The Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus officially hit store shelves on Sept. 16, and it wasn't long before Chipworks published a tear-down report showing the chips inside these new smartphones.

There is a lot of neat stuff going on inside Apple's latest smartphones, but the Chipworks tear-down report revealed a new design win that could be interesting for a small and relatively unknown chipmaker.

An FPGA inside the iPhone

According to Chipworks the iPhone 7 contains a field programmable gate array, or FPGA, from a small FPGA specialist called Lattice Semiconductor (NASDAQ:LSCC).

A good explanation of what an FPGA is comes from another FPGA manufacturer, Xilinx:

FPGAs can be reprogrammed to desired application or functionality requirements after manufacturing. This feature distinguishes FPGAs from Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs), which are custom manufactured for specific design tasks.

Chipworks says that it found an FPGA from Lattice carrying the model number "ICE5LP4K."

Based on the model number of this chip, it would seem that we are looking at the highest-end member of Lattice Semi's iCE40 Ultra family of FPGAs. According to the data sheet for the iCE40 Ultra family of FPGAs, it is "an ultra-low-power FPGA and sensor manager designed for ultra-low-power mobile applications such as smartphones, tablets, and hand-held devices."

Given the programmable nature of FPGAs, it's hard to know what exactly what Apple is using this chip for.

What could this mean for Lattice?

In an investor presentation accompanying its earnings call last month, the company said that its revenue in the second quarter "benefited from ramping Tier 1 customer OEM win." Additionally, it expects "double-digit revenue growth" during the current quarter driven partially by "ramping Tier 1 Consumer OEM wins."

It's clear that at least some of Lattice's confidence came from the fact that it would be entering the iPhone 7 supply chain.

The good news for Lattice is that tear-downs of the previous-generation iPhone 6s and 6s Plus didn't show the presence of a Lattice FPGA. This should mean that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus represent nothing but upside for the programmable-logic specialist.

It's hardly a given, though, that Lattice will be able to maintain its spot inside future iPhones. Perhaps Apple is merely using an FPGA as a stopgap solution until it can build a specialized chip to perform the task that it currently uses the FPGA for.

For example, the the Chipworks tear-down of the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S5 revealed a Lattice FPGA, but its tear-down of the later Galaxy S7 Edge doesn't show a Lattice chip inside

The good news is that in the here and now, Lattice is poised to benefit from the sales cycle for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Additionally, even if Lattice's chips aren't used in the iPhone 8 (or whatever Apple calls its next iPhone), the company should still generate revenue from sales of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus when they become Apple's mid-range product offerings -- though the year-over-year comparison would become unfavorable for Lattice.

On the flip side, if Lattice's chips are chosen for the iPhone 8, then the company should see revenue growth -- at least in the Apple-related portion of its business -- from the fact that its chips will be in both Apple's latest smartphone and its mid-range offering. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock: Don't Get Carried Away With iPhone 7 [REPORT] Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock became a hot item again last week following reports from Sprint and T-Mobile that demand for the iPhone 7 lineup this year was much better than expected and an improvement from last year. However, some analysts are saying to investors, not so fast, although last week others were quick to raise their price targets on Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock and croon over the commentary from the mobile carriers.

UBS raises price target on Apple (AAPL) stock, but 

In a report dated September 20, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich reiterated his Buy rating and increased his price target on Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock from $115 to $127 per share. He said early indicators of demand for the iPhone 7 are  encouraging,  based on analysis of data from the UBS Evidence Lab. He said web search indicates that interest in this year s iPhones is better than it was for the iPhone 6s but not as good as it was for the iPhone 6 in 2014.

Apple Inc. (AAPL) did say that it has sold out of the initial supply of the iPhone 7 Plus, but the phone s main competitor, the Samsung Note 7, is being recalled due to problems with the battery exploding. We would also note that the camera on the iPhone 7 Plus received a massive improvement with a dual-lens camera, while its smaller counterpart did not.

 Don t get carried away yet

Most mobile carriers reported an increase in preorders for the iPhone this year, but Milunovich said that he  wouldn t get carried away.  He noted that Verizon stated that it isn t seeing  unusual demand,  and there haven t been any reports about demand in China where there aren t aggressive promotions going on like there are in the U.S. He said that ultimately it will come down to how many upgrades Apple Inc. (AAPL) will get out of the  F15 bubble of iPhone buyers.  However, he did increase his upgrade estimate from 41% to 44% based on the T-Mobile and Sprint preorder commentary.

He adds that his firm s Asia team estimates that procurement plans for the iPhone 7 for fiscal 2017 have increased from 80 million to 89 million with the iPhone 7 Plus being the main driver of that increase. This seems to be in line with what he found with web searches because the procurement number is better than the 87 million Apple ordered for the iPhone 6s but not as good as the 93 million for the iPhone 6.

Apple (AAPL) stock remains predictable

His colleagues in Asia believe that following the weak iPhone 6s cycle, Apple Inc. (AAPL) has become more conservative in procurement so it doesn t order too many iPhones. Milunovich also suggests that the increase in procurement could be because of mass production being rushed out in three weeks due to strict waterproofing and the complex iPhone 7 Plus camera.

The UBS analyst noted that Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock has been following the typical pattern it follows around iPhone announcement. Historically, it has traded off before the announcements before climbing between the unveiling and actual launch, which came on Friday. If Apple stock continues to follow the usual pattern, he said it could fade over the next couple of weeks before rising again going into the earnings report.

Positive reaction in Apple stock is  premature 

In his September 19 report, JPMorgan analyst Rod Hall also warned about looking on the carrier commentary in too positive of a light, calling the positive reaction in Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock  premature.  He estimates that U.S. iPhone orders will grow 4% year over year for the December quarter, putting them within his sell-through estimate of 69.4 million units. Not only is this estimate below consensus, but he warns that it also looks optimistic compared to the bottom-up modeling from his firm s Telco team.

Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock edged higher by as much as 0.18% to $113.78 during regular trading hours on Tuesday. 3 Ways To Profit From Apple - Part 2 Of 3  Apple's secret solar plant in Arizona could power 12500 homes CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Apple Inc. has built a 300-acre solar power plant in Florence to make up for the electricity used in its Mesa data center. Salt River Project released details of the secretive project Tuesday, but has not yet disclosed the cost of the surplus energy.

Apple announced a solar plant built in Florence will sell power to SRP. (Photo: Apple) Story Highlights Apple built a solar power plant in Pinal County that will sell power to SRP.

The project is intended to offset power used by its Mesa command center.

The price SRP and its customers will pay was not disclosed.

Apple Inc. has built a 300-acre solar power plant in Florence to make up for the electricity used in its Mesa data center, and Salt River Project finally released details of the secretive project Tuesday.

Apple wants its customers to know that when they ask the Siri app on their phones for directions, they aren't contributing to global climate change. The company has a goal of generating enough clean energy from multiple facilities to compensate for the power its global factories and other operations draw from the power grid.

Apple said in 2015 when it announced its command center project in Mesa that it would run the facility with solar power, but until now, the Cupertino, Calif.-based iPhone maker hasn't provided any details of how it would accomplish that.

Power from the solar plant won't go directly to Apple's facility in Mesa, but the amount of power is meant to compensate for the power used there.

SRP's elected officials have met several times in the past year in executive session to discuss the project, but have not been able to release details until now, following an Apple executive's remarks on the project Monday at a conference in New York.

The Bonnybrooke solar plant has a capacity of 50 megawatts. That amount of capacity could supply about 12,500 homes at once, when the sun is shining on the solar panels.

SRP's board members voted recently to purchase the power from the Bonnybrooke plant, but at an undisclosed price. That will help Apple reduce its utility expenses.

When SRP announced a similar deal with the Sandstone Solar Plant near Florence, SRP disclosed the price for the electricity would be 5.3 cents per kilowatt-hour. SRP officials would only say the agreement with Apple is fair to its customers, who pay the cost of any power SRP purchases.

"We can confirm that SRP will be paying a wholesale or market price for the product that will not negatively impact SRP customers," spokesman Scott Harelson said Tuesday.

The Bonnybrooke plant will generate 151 million kilowatt-hours of power a year, according to Apple. If SRP is paying the same 5.3 cents per kilowatt-hour as the Sandstone project, it will cost SRP about $8 million a year, or $160 million for a 20-year contract.

Apple said in early 2015 it would invest $2 billion over 10 years at the Mesa command center, which is taking over the building at Signal Butte and Elliot roads previously occupied by Tempe-based First Solar Inc. and Apple glass supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc., which both vacated the building.

The command and data project was expected to create 150 full-time Apple jobs and 500 temporary construction jobs reconfiguring the building.

Tempe-based First Solar Inc. built the structure in 2011 and planned to employ about 600 workers there but never fully occupied it. Next in 2013 came GT Advanced Technologies Inc., a sapphire-glass supplier to Apple. That company filed for bankruptcy in 2014 and moved out of the 1.3 million-square-foot building.

Apple then announced the command and data center project.

Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2dhb0bo 
2016-12-02
Is Apple, Inc. Heading Towards a Lost Decade? Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) "lost decade" under Steve Ballmer is ancient tech history at this point, but there's now some concern that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may suffer the same fate under Tim Cook. To be fair, Ballmer was named CEO at the height of the tech bubble almost immediately before it burst, so in terms of Microsoft share performance, he was simply dealt a bad hand. It was the ultimate tough comp. On the other hand, Cook has now been Apple CEO for half a decade, and shares have fully doubled under his leadership.

Investing is about looking forward, though. What about the next 10 years?

"A decade-long malaise"

Oppenheimer analysts have just put out a research note to investors (via Business Insider), and it's not pretty. The analysts question the Mac maker's ability to remain at the forefront of some of the big emerging trends in tech that will undoubtedly shape the industry in the years ahead. They don't pull any punches (emphasis added):

We believe Apple lacks the courage to lead the next generation of innovation (AI, cloud-based services, messaging); instead will become more reliant than ever on the iPhone ... We believe Apple is about to embark on a decade-long malaise. The risks to the company have never been greater.

Despite Apple's best efforts to diversify away from the iPhone, the analysts believe that Apple will still depend on the handset for the foreseeable future. That's not necessarily a bad thing so long as the iPhone business remains stable and strong, but it should be clear at this point that the iPhone business has gotten so large that growth is becoming increasingly harder to come by. So far, it also seems that wearables are already struggling to gain any type of meaningful traction among consumers too, underscoring how important some of these new areas are, while Apple's most recent definition of courage was removing the iPhone 7 headphone jack.

Oppenheimer thinks that Apple will get one last bump next year for the 10th-generation iPhone, but believes that iPhone unit sales will peak the following year and Apple has already hit its limit of pricing power across its product portfolio.

Has it already begun?

While Apple shares have doubled over the course of five years under Cook, those gains largely occurred within the first three. Over the past two years, Apple shares are down modestly and have underperformed the S&P 500. Meanwhile, Microsoft shares are now enjoying a strong run under Satya Nadella.

This is potentially foreshadowing future performance unless Apple can regain investor confidence either by putting up growth or demonstrating that it can still innovate better than its peers. It has done neither over the past year.

It's not necessarily about "leading"

On the other hand, Apple has never cared about being the first; it only wants to be the best. Whether or not the company "leads" a new wave of innovation may not be the most important measure. Instead, investors should focus on whether or not Apple is participating in these new frontiers, whether or not it can execute better than rivals, and whether or not it can build a better and more profitable business using these new technologies. Fake Apple Inc. (AAPL) Chargers Can Be Deadly, Says UK Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) has a big problem, but it s not one of its own making. There is a huge global market for fake power chargers for its iPhones. Many people assume AAPL insists on people using its own products to sell more accessories. But there s a safety concern, too.

Source: Apple

An investigation by a U.K. government agency determined 99% of fake Apple chargers fail even the most basic safety tests.

The results of using counterfeit Apple chargers could range from a fried iPhone to a house fire or even death.

Why the Fake Apple Chargers?

Apple includes a USB power adapter with every iPhone that it also sells on its own for $19. However, cheap knockoffs quickly appeared online for a fraction of that price.

Consumers who want to have a charger at different locations   home and work, for example   tend to go for the cheaper versions they find online. This is especially true in countries like China where there is less disposable income, but the issue affects all countries, including the U.S.

The problem is that these are fake Apple chargers, not the real thing. AAPL actually took legal action against Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) last month, alleging that 90% of the Apple chargers sold by Amazon   directly, not just by third party Marketplace vendors   were fakes. They look identical to the original, right down to the Apple logo, but are cheaply manufactured,

History of Counterfeit Apple Chargers in the News

The issue with counterfeit Apple chargers goes way back.

In 2013, the company went so far as to institute a takeback program after a woman in China died from being electrocuted by a counterfeit Apple charger. People were encouraged to bring their knockoff chargers to Apple Stores for disposal, and AAPL offered genuine replacements for half price.

In recent weeks, China has again flared up as a problem area, with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s coming under consumer watchdog scrutiny. A growing number of the iPhones would unexpectedly shut down with 50% battery remaining, often refusing to power back up. It turns out those iPhones were being damaged by fake Apple chargers.

The latest news is the report from the U.K. s Chartered Trading Standards Institute. That organization tested 400 fake Apple chargers bought online from vendors worldwide, including the U.S., and determined that 99% of them fail basic safety tests. In a press release urging consumers to get rid of these knockoffs, the organization said:

 It might cost a few pounds more but counterfeit and second-hand goods are an unknown entity that could cost you your home or even your life, or the life of a loved-one. 

In particular, a lack of insulation (one of the reasons they re cheaper than the Apple originals) can lead to overheating and fires.

Next Page 
2016-09-19
Apple, Inc. Continues to Be a Major Chip Player Over the years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been increasingly focused on its own in-house chip design. What started in 2010 with the original A4 has continued to evolve as Apple branched out its A chips for different designs and purposes. The Mac maker then took the mobile chip industry by storm when it unveiled the 64-bit A7 in the iPhone 5s in 2013. There are even X variants of some chips that feature stronger graphics performance.

Apple isn't taking any breathers, and continues to push its world-class semiconductor team, making the company one of the most powerful forces in mobile chip development. The A10 Fusion chip in the iPhone 7 is comparable in performance with low-end Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) laptop processors.

Three's company

Beyond A chips that power iPhones, iPads, and Apple TVs, Apple has started designing an increasing number of chips for its products. The original Apple Watch that launched last year featured a new Apple System-in-Package (SiP) S1, a tiny processor to fit inside wearable designs. The follow-up this year was the dual-core S2 for Apple Watch Series 2, while Apple even went back and beefed up the Series 1 with a dual-core S1P.

The third type of chip that Apple has now added to the mix is the new W1 that powers Apple's wireless AirPods as well as a lineup of new wireless Beats headphones. The W1 delivers audio playback as well as the Bluetooth connectivity.

So now we have A chips, S chips, and W chips, all from Apple. While S chips and W chips are relatively new, they are certainly just starting points for ongoing development and Apple has no intention of stopping anytime soon.

What's next?

Intel only recently won its way back into the iPhone after a half-decade hiatus, and the chip giant now provides baseband modems for certain iPhone models. Yet, evidence has been accumulating for years that Apple is interested in building its own baseband modem. Even as Apple has become a dominant force in mobile chips, it remains the only major player that has yet to integrate cellular capabilities directly into its processors. It's only a matter of time.

Meanwhile, those other rumors that Apple will eventually put A chips in Macs have also persisted for years, and the performance gap continues to shrink as Apple catches up with Intel. Intel may always have the lead with high-performance processors, but A chips could easily supplant Intel for consumer needs. The bigger strategic challenge will be navigating the software compatibility around different chip architectures, but Apple pulled that off seamlessly a decade ago when it switched to Intel. 3 Ways To Profit From Apple The first way to profit from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the simplest one: Buy the stock and hold for the long term, collecting the rising dividends along the way. But when should an investor buy Apple? Or worded differently: At what price does Apple's stock represent a good value? Of course, the answer will vary over time as the stock price and the underlying value of future growth are always moving and not necessarily by the same percentage or even in the same direction.

The value of any particular stock/company may vary from one investor to another. Let me explain. I have a required rate of return that I determine for each industry which generally falls between eight and twelve percent. My overall desired rate of compound annual total return is ten percent. I will vary by required rate of return within an industry (especially in technology) to accommodate what I believe are significantly different levels of risk from one company to another. Apple still has good growth potential over the long term, in my opinion, even though a number of other analysts and investors will argue that point. But it also has a mountain of cash to facilitate research and future growth. The company makes investments in small startup companies that exhibit promising technologies that could create value in the future. It also invests significantly in research and development of new products and improvements to existing products.

The company has a global footprint enabling it to profit from growth trends regardless of where in the world those trends emerge. Emerging economies will become more important to multinational corporations like Apple in the future as more and more developed countries experience falling demand due to aging populations. The U.S. will continue to be a major market for decades to come, as will Europe and Japan, even though these later two regions will add little, if any, growth. But the real growth is likely to come from emerging markets as those vast populations experience rising incomes per household that enables more and more millions to begin consuming differently. Many who have never had discretionary income to spend before will want to own smartphones and Apple will carve out its share of those new markets.

Unlike many, though, I am still confident that Apple will develop more cutting edge products and services that will continue to help grow the company. It has a unique culture in that it does not just bring a new product to market just to increase sales; the company brings a new product to market when that product can be both disruptive and user friendly. In other words, new products need to create a whole new way of doing something that everyone already does and make it easier to do all at the same time. And then there is the style requirement. An Apple product must be a must also bring the owner a sense of status that does not come with owning a competing brand. So, for those who want a new product launch every year or two, I can only say that Apple will launch what it is working on (and there are a lot of potential new products in the pipeline) only when it is ready and meets all of the above requirements. If a product falls short in any category, it must go back to the design team for more improvement.

I think that the end in new product and service launches is not near, as many fear, but more likely we have only just begun to see what Apple innovation can accomplish. I expect revenues to increase year over year once again due primarily to the introduction of the new model iPhone 7 launch this month. Many consumers put off buying a new smartphone over the last six months, hurting Apple sales over that time, in order to get their hands on the latest iPhone. Sales are breaking all old records and I expect this holiday season to be huge for Apple.

The App Store continues to amaze! It is estimated that Apple could earn as much as $3 billion from Pok mon Go! Here is why Apple will make more from this new mobile game app than Nintendo (OTCPK:NTDOY). I realize that such an insignificant amount is trivial for the likes of Apple as I am sure many will point out, but Apple did not need to create anything other than the popular online platform where iPhone owners go to download whatever is new and interesting. Developers are happy to pay the fee to get on the platform because that can determine success or failure of a new downloadable application. Last quarter, other product lines may have been struggling but the App Store hit an all-time record for revenue and 19 percent growth.

Additionally, Apple invests in many promising startups each year and, as a product or service in development commercializes, if it meets Apple standards and can add needed growth, the company can acquire the rest of the company, nurture it and open its vast network and marketing expertise to create new streams of revenue and profit. The iPhone has been the hit of the last decade or so, but I think Apple is well positioned to bring the next one or more great hits to market in the future.

Are you a successful investor?

This is more than just a rhetorical question. It is what defines how comfortably one will be able to retire or if s/he will be able to retire at all. As we all know, it starts with saving. But what to do with those accumulated savings? Results are what defines success as an investor; not just short-term gains but those long-term compounded annual returns over a period of a decade or more. Many money managers occasionally outperform the market indices like the Dow Jones Industrial average (Private:DJI), the S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY), or the Nasdaq (NASDAQ:QQQ), but very few can do so consistently, year after year. Fortunately for me, I have found a tool that helps me with that conundrum. I will share more about that later in the article.

When the market becomes overvalued, I hedge and accumulate more cash. I find that one of the keys to investing success is to limit losses. When the value of a portfolio falls by 50 percent, one must double the remaining amount just to get back to even. When the market becomes undervalued, I buy stocks of quality companies that have a consistent history of rising dividends, revenue growth and strong cash flows. I consider Apple to be one of those quality stocks that I intend to hold for a very long time. Of course, this is my opinion and, like most opinions, it is based upon my own appraisals of the company. I am a shareholder so I cannot help but have a bias. If I did not have a positive bias, I would not own the stock. The market is made up of many different opinions. Each investor needs to formulate his/her own opinion of a company rather than relying on any one supposed "expert." That is why I include links to articles near the end of each of mine that offer differing views. Take the time to read them all and decide for yourself.

Valuation models to consider

There are plenty of valuation models to choose from ranging from simple to highly complex. Generally speaking, the simple models have as few as one or two assumptions that the investor/analyst must decide upon (in reality, this is called guessing) to reflect future outcomes from the company and thus derive an estimate of fair value. The more complex models can require many assumptions which can also lead to either a much higher degree of accuracy or create far more opportunities for human error. As you might guess, I prefer the simpler models, but also use some moderately more complex models for validation.

As I have mentioned in the past, I like the DDM (dividend discount model) and the DCF (discounted cash flows) models. I also like to use the average historical P/E (price to earnings ratio) as a check. This would be a value based upon an earnings multiple approach. It can be argued, and rightfully so, that investors are paying now for the future earnings of a company. But the definition of "earnings" is getting harder to pin down as more than 90 percent of large capitalization companies now report non-GAAP EPS (earnings per share) instead of GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) EPS. When I look up historical EPS for the S&P 500 by year, I find tables from several different sources all with different numbers for each year. In aggregate, GAAP EPS are much lower than non-GAAP earnings and the gap between the two is rising. Fortunately, Apple does not need to use accounting strategies to enhance its results. The company reports GAAP earnings. Estimating the net present value of future FCF (free cash flow) provides what I believe to be a much more reliable valuation for a company. Management and analysts can work magic with EPS but FCF is hard to manipulate.

Apple by the numbers

Now, I want to take a dive into the numerical results of Apple and will do so using some graphic illustrations. A picture is worth a thousand words as the saying goes. Revenue for fiscal year 2016 (ending later this month) will probably be flat or slightly lower than 2015. I expect quarter four results to show a strong improvement over the prior year. However, with the successful launch of the new iPhone 7 series, I expect revenues to resume the upward climb to new record levels.

In 2013, revenues were flat and earnings were down compared to the prior year. Apple, I believe, has become a bit more cyclical and its primary product is competing in a maturing market which lends itself to such cyclicality. The current fiscal year, 2016, is another down year but I expect 2017 to be another up year. This cycle is likely to continue until Apple introduces the next big thing. But the bottom line is that both revenues and earnings are continuing to trend higher. A good portion of the current negative growth is due to the stronger U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. This is also a cycle that will end and eventually reverse itself, but I expect this drag on revenue and earnings to continue for at least the next two years. Then the cycle will likely shift to a more positive trend and become a positive impetus for future bottom line growth.

Now, I want to look at FCF and what the company does with this tremendous bounty. As you can see from the chart below, FCF continues to rise even as the company continues to invest in its future growth. After all, FCF is what is left over after capital expenditures. The company is using much of its excess cash to buy back shares and pay dividends. I should remind readers that the share buyback program is optional and can be stopped at the prerogative of the board and management whenever deemed appropriate. Apple has increased debt in the last few years but has ample cash to pay it all back at any time it so desires. The reason it is borrowing is due to the tax laws. The company holds most of its cash overseas because it earned it there, and in order to repatriate those monies back into the U.S. for domestic uses (such as paying dividends and stock repurchases), it would be required to pay a significant portion in taxes to the U.S. Treasury. Until Congress and the Administration decide to reduce that barrier to more palatable levels that money will continue to be held outside our country and the company will need to continue to borrow at near zero interest to fund a portion of domestic cash requirements.

Like other US-based multinational corporations that derive a large portion of revenue outside the U.S. market, Apple will also balk from building new manufacturing facilities and hiring in the U.S. as much as it might otherwise because of this law. But that is another topic for another discussion.

Instead, like many other U.S. companies, Apple has decided that the better use of excess funds in the current slow growth economic environment is to buy back shares having increased that effort meaningfully over the past three plus years. Unlike most other companies, Apple has the excess cash to fund its buyback program and, were it not for the tax complication, it could do so without adding debt.

How I value Apple shares

I want to say right up front that I think Apple is one of very few companies that is trading at a discount to its true value. I will start with my DDM valuation. My assumption for dividends five years out is that Apple will be paying $3.16 per share in 2021. That is a little lower than the consensus estimate of $3.40 per share. My estimate works out to an average compound annual growth rate of 8.7 percent. I believe that rate of increase can be sustained by the company for the foreseeable future. Then I used my required rate of return of ten percent to discount the future dividends. This is a tech company, but due to its size and the maturity of it primary product market, I felt that a higher percentage would be overly optimistic. My present value comes out to be $162.99 per share.

I use the average expect P/E multiple as a check. I used the P/E of 15 that I felt fit the price activity over the past five years and multiplied that by my expected 2017 fiscal year (since we are already in Q4 and I want to look forward) GAAP EPS of $8.96 and the result came out to be $134.40 per share. This is more of a ballpark figure but it lets me know if my other valuations seem reasonable. The valuation is lower than the result from my DDM but still above the current market price so at least both agree on the price of Apple trading at a discount but vary on the degree. I do not rely on a P/E multiple valuation for investing decisions.

I also use OSV (Old School Value), primarily for historical data, and as a way to check my valuations. OSV serves up three different valuation models: DCF, Graham's Formula (best used for cyclicals, companies with volatile cash flows and growth stocks) and EBIT multiples (a form of earnings multiple valuation). In the case of Apple, the DCF model is most appropriate. OSV values Apple at $184.55 which is not that close to my DDM valuation for whatever reason but also indicates that the stock is trading at a discount. It seems to imply that OSV expects more growth than I do. We should know more about that trend in the next year. I am not in a hurry to guess.

My favorite stock tool is Friedrich, partly because I spent so much time understanding its model and because it gives me a look back at ten years' worth of valuations and ratios all in one screen shot. It is also the most conservative of any stock tool that I have come across. It also uses a DCF model to value stocks and presents the output in two forms. The first is a table and the other is a chart. The table provides a quick look at ratios, valuations and trends over the last ten years. Here is the table for Apple. Notice the current value for Apple is described as "Main Street Value" and stands at $163.48 as of the last update on August 28th. Fortunately for the sake of my confidence, that number is not far off my own DDM value.

The Friedrich chart below shows the change in values of Apple over the last ten years. Notice that yellow line, which is the estimated fair value (called Main Street Price) is consistently above the market value (called Wall Street Price). This indicates that Apple's stock has a habit of trading at a discount to what other companies of similar prospect would on a multiple basis. The discount widens and narrows but I hold the belief that eventually that gap will evaporate over time and Apple's stock will trade more in line with its intrinsic value. Even if the discount merely narrows it means that the stock will likely move higher as that happens.

Point - Counterpoint

Below are articles by other Seeking Alpha contributors. I like to offer readers points of view other than my own when considering an investment. The first link is as optimistic as I am, perhaps even more so over the short term. The second linked article is very balanced. The third focuses more on the short-term trend and probabilities than long term, as do the others, but is even more focused on trading than investing. The last article linked here is decidedly more negative. Readers should read them all and consider the varied arguments and then discern for themselves what makes the most sense.

"Why Apple Is Going to $130, And Possibly Higher"

"Apple: The Return Of The Piggy Bank With Fresh Energy"

"Will Apple Pull Back From Its Rally?"

"Apple Is A fully Grown Giant - Time To Rest"

Summary

This is not a recommendation to buy or sell short shares of Apple. However, I would definitely be willing to buy more shares of this quality company whenever the price pulls back or drifts lower by more than ten percent. In Parts 2 and 3 of this series, I will explain two methods to profit from Apple other than just buying the shares. The next article will focus on a strategy for current owners of Apple stock who wish to systematically reduce their invested capital by five to ten percent per year. Another way to look at it is that it will provide additional current income beyond the dividend. The final article will focus on a strategy that can allow those who do not own Apple shares to capture a good portion of the upside movement potential in the stock without buying shares by creating a synthetic position with options. I know it sound complex but it really is quite simple. Also, it requires less initial capital. I will walk through the process step by step in easy to understand terms so that even a beginner can use the method. I will also include a disclosure of the risks involved of each strategy.

I believe the market, in general, to be overvalued by a significant margin which means that buying most stocks at current levels comes with far greater risk than under normal economic circumstances. You may be able to squeeze another five to ten percent out of a stock like Apple before the next economic downturn. But if the new iPhone sales are strong enough, Apple may buck the trend or at least lose less than the broader market will. Each investor needs to make such decisions for themselves. I prefer to hold fewer positions in stocks when valuations are so rich. I do not believe that the potential reward warrants the level of risk I perceive to be attached to equity investing presently. Apple is one of the very few quality companies that I consider to represent a good value in today's market.

There is the argument that low interest rates and low inflation justify the higher valuations. That is true for the moment. But those conditions are temporary and will not continue forever. I am a long-term investor. That means I want to buy and hold for more than five years. I expect a transition to a less accommodative economic reality over the coming five years and, for that reason, am holding fewer stocks than I have in a long time. I generally do not sell unless a stock price becomes overvalued by what I estimate to be 50 percent or more. Apple is nowhere near that level. Patience is one key to successful investing. It all comes back to the old adage of "Buy low and sell high." I will be buying sparingly over the next few years until the bargains I like become available again. When you get to be as old as I am, you know those opportunities will come along again. It only takes patience. It is easier said than done, I know, especially for the younger investors. I have been there, too. I wish I had had more patience in my youth; I would have accumulated far more wealth if I had.

There is also the old adage that "Cash is Trash." But do not be fooled by that one. I hold most of my idle cash in the Vanguard GNMA Fund (MUTF:VFIIX) which yields 2.34 percent currently. In 2008, VFIIX provided a total return over seven percent while equities tumbled. When the market bottoms again and begins to turn higher, I will have plenty of dry powder for shooting those bargain fish in the proverbial barrel.

For those interested in my valuation articles on other companies, you may consider becoming a follower of mine.

As always, I welcome comments and will try to address any concerns or questions either in the comments section or in a future article as soon as I can. The great thing about Seeking Alpha is that we can agree to disagree and, through respectful discussion, learn from each other's experience and knowledge.

For those who would like to learn more about my investment philosophy please consider reading "How I Created My Own Portfolio Over a Lifetime."

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, VFIIX.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-10-13
Apple, Inc. Has Scooped Up Some Major Chip Talent This should come as no surprise considering Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has become a world-class semiconductor designer over the past five to six years. The iPhone maker poached John Metcalfe from Imagination Technologies earlier this year, as noted by MacRumors, citing the executive's public LinkedIn profile. Metcalfe served as Imagination's COO but now works as a senior director at Apple. Digging deeper, MacRumors also notes that there are also over two dozen engineers that Apple has poached from the British graphics chip specialist.

Apple has long licensed Imagination's PowerVR GPU technology for use in its A series of processors, which was paired with CPU architectures licensed from fellow British chip designer ARM Holdings (since acquired by Softbank). Imagination has been on the ropes lately, announcing a corporate restructuring and layoffs earlier this year. There were even reports that Apple was considering a full-blown acquisition. Apple confirmed that there were some negotiations, but no offer materialized.

Taking the "acqui" out of "acqui-hire"

Why buy the whole company (Apple was already a stakeholder in Imagination) when you can surgically poach what you need?

As Apple continues to expand its chip strategy into a diverse range of semiconductors, it's arguably surprising that Apple has only recently begun bringing graphics expertise in-house. The company now designs the system-in-package that powers Apple Watches and wireless audio chips in the new AirPods, among others. Strong graphics performance is integral to Apple's A series of chips, particularly as gaming has become the largest and most popular category of apps on the App Store.

Combined with the never-ending string of evidence that Apple is still working on an ARM-based Mac that will potentially run on an A chip, the company's chip aspirations are only getting grander. Apple prefers using integrated graphics in many of its Macs these days, particularly entry-level machines, so it will need to significantly improve A series graphics performance since Macs have greater graphics needs (larger displays, more graphics-intensive applications, etc.).

Expanding across the pond

Many of these poached engineers are still based in London, and it just so happens that Apple is planning on expanding its U.K. headquarters in London. The Mac maker has decided to consolidate offices and move into the Battersea power station, an iconic decommissioned coal plant, utilizing 500,000 square feet. The company is hoping to open the location in 2021 and expects to relocate 1,400 employees that work in the area. The Battersea power station is about an hour away from Imagination's headquarters.

Apple's presence in London is only getting bigger. Apple Inc.'s iPhone Business: 3 Things Investors Need to Know Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fundamentally redefined the concept of the smartphone with its 2007 introduction of the original iPhone. In the years following, the company has led the way in bringing significant, even game-changing features that have helped transform the smartphone into arguably the most important -- and most used -- computing device category in today's world.

The iPhone, unsurprisingly, is far and away Apple's most important product category from a business and financial point of view.

Today, I'd like to go over three key facts about Apple's iPhone business that current and potential investors in the company should be keenly aware of.

Most of Apple's revenue and profits come from iPhone

In the company's last fiscal year, the iPhone brought in approximately $155 billion in revenue out of a total of roughly $234 billion. This means that more than 66% of the company's revenue that year came from sales of iPhones .

Moreover, Apple's dependence on the iPhone has actually increased over the last couple of years, jumping from 53.4% of revenue in fiscal year 2013 to a whopping 66.3% of revenue in fiscal year 2015.

Additionally, as the iPhone is widely believed to be a higher-margin product than the company's iPad or Mac lineup, it seems likely that the iPhone makes up an even larger portion of Apple's operating profit, and therefore net income.

It's this dependence on the iPhone that leads many investors, analysts, and investment commentators to focus so much on the performance of this product category for Apple. If the iPhone is doing well, Apple's financials and share price should do well. If iPhone does badly, then the company's financials and share price should largely follow suit.

Apple's iPhone average selling prices eclipse its competitors'

One of the reasons that Apple has seen such financial success from the iPhone is that it sells a lot of iPhones at average selling prices (ASPs) that are well above what its competitors are able to command. In fiscal year 2015, for example, Apple brought in around $155 billion in revenue from iPhone on unit shipments of about 231 million, implying an ASP of $665.

To put this into perspective, during the second quarter 2016, Apple's chief rival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) reported overall mobile revenue of approximately $23 billion. Market research firm IDC estimates that Samsung shipped approximately 77 million smartphones in that quarter.

Even if we assume that all of this mobile revenue came from smartphones, we're looking at smartphone ASPs of approximately $298 -- less than half of Apple's. Note that this is an upper bound, as Samsung's mobile business includes revenue from tablets and smartwatches in addition to smartphones, including low-end smartphones.

In terms of average revenue and gross profit per smartphone, Apple is way out in front relative to its competition. This is viewed as both a strength (Apple currently has pricing power, allowing it to capture much of the profit in the smartphone industry), as well as a potential liability (Apple is at risk of being undercut on pricing, for example).

Apple's iPhone business is currently growth-challenged

Through fiscal year 2015, Apple's iPhone business always managed to deliver some level of revenue and unit growth. However, Apple is currently expected to report its first-ever annual decline in iPhone unit shipments and revenue in fiscal year 2016, following the first quarterly declines that were recently reported.

Clearly, given that Apple's revenue and profit depend so substantially on iPhone sales, this has been a key tenet of the bearish thesis around the company's stock. If the iPhone continues to decline, then Apple's revenue and profits are set to suffer, particularly as it will be very difficult for Apple's other businesses -- large in their own right, but in aggregate still much smaller than iPhone -- to pick up the slack.

However, if the iPhone 7 helps return the iPhone category to growth in the coming fiscal year, then the company could be looking at couple of good years of iPhone growth, particularly as Apple is expected to make some dramatic changes with next year's iPhone that could further fuel demand growth. Apple Inc.'s Got a Big Watch Problem Just a few months ago, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) made a couple of announcements around its Apple Watch product category. In a nutshell, it released a new Apple Watch Series 2 device with improved internals, a better screen, water resistance, and integrated GPS. It also updated the internals of the original Apple Watch to include the same processor as the one found in the Apple Watch Series 2 but kept the design and the display largely similar.

Interestingly, according to an August report from Bloomberg, Apple wants to include cellular connectivity in a future Apple Watch, but one of the challenges it faces is keeping battery life in check.

Indeed, Bloomberg says that "current cellular chips consume too much battery life, reducing the product's effectiveness and limiting user appeal," citing "people with knowledge of the matter." In response, Apple has reportedly "begun studying lower-power cellular data chips for future smartwatch generations."

This all seems very reasonable, but I believe that it highlights a key weakness within Apple's chip teams that the iDevice maker will need to remedy at some point down the line.

Integrating a cellular modem would probably help

As of today, Apple has yet to release a processor with an integrated cellular modem. In its iPhone and cellular-capable variants of its iPad products, Apple uses standalone applications processors paired with standalone cellular modems sourced from Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC).

Other companies that develop processors for mobile use have 3G and 4G cellular modem technology in house and are able to integrate that technology into the same silicon die as the main applications processor. This is generally leads to better power efficiency and, ultimately, battery life.

For example, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recently announced a chip targeted at wearable devices known as the Exynos 7270 that integrates a 4G LTE modem on the same die as the processor. Qualcomm, too, offers a chip known as the Snapdragon Wear 2100 that also includes an LTE modem on the same die as the main processor.

I suspect that if Apple had the capability in-house to integrate a cellular modem into a future smartwatch-oriented processor, this would be very helpful for tackling those potential battery life issues.

Apple may very well be working on it

There has been plenty of evidence that Apple has continued to build out teams to work on wireless chips. For example, Apple put up a job listing on Sept. 21 looking for someone to work "as part of a silicon design group responsible for designing state-of-the-art wireless" systems on a chip.

It's hard to know exactly what this might be for, but it could very well be in service of an in-house cellular modem effort for integration into a future Apple Watch processor.

Apple will figure it out, one way or another

Although it would appear that Apple is currently at a competitive disadvantage with respect to the integration of cellular modems inside its Apple Watch-bound processors, it's important to note that Apple is extremely technically competent and spends significantly on research and development in support of its key product categories.

The Apple Watch appears to be something that Apple is planning to invest in over the long term, and as a result I expect that one way or another it will be able to figure out how to get cellular connectivity inside a future Apple Watch. The question isn't really "if" but "when" -- and that's something that will become clear in time. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Target Upped, Chart Pattern Suggests Pregnant Pause It seemed that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock had become unstoppable again, and it even earned a pair of fresh price target increases. Analysts are hyped up about the iPhone 7 and Samsung s exploding Note 7, and many see more room for Apple stock to run. However, one chart technician warns that a bearish  harami cross  pattern is emerging.

Apple stock target raised at Pacific Crest, Bernstein

Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves increased his price target for the shares from $121 to $129 per share and reiterated his Overweight rating. He said that accelerating growth should drive them higher and sees current iPhone expectations as  reasonable.  He also sees room for upside to consensus profit estimates over the next year.

Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi raised his target for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock from $125 to $135 and reiterated his Outperform rating in a note to clients on Thursday. The iPhone maker is set to release its September quarter earnings results on October 25 after closing bell, and he expects an in-line fiscal fourth quarter with 45 million iPhone units, $46.3 billion in sales and $1.63 per share in earnings.

Eyes on Apple s guidance

What he s actually more interested in is the company s guidance for the December quarter because it should signal the strength of the iPhone 7 cycle. While other firms have been quick to jump on the early suggestions of strength and possible tailwinds from Samsung s Note 7 recall, Sacconaghi isn t ready to jump on the bandwagon yet (or so he says, despite the price target increase).

He forecasts 76.1 million iPhone units in the December quarter, which puts him ahead of consensus at 74.2 million. He looks for the company to guide for sales of $74.5 million to $76.5 million and an implied earnings per share outlook of $3.03 to $3.18 per share. Consensus currently stands at $73.5 billion and $3.11 per share in earnings, and Sacconaghi estimates $77.5 billion in revenues and $3.26 per share in earnings.

Chart technicians duel over Apple stock

Piper Jaffray technical analyst Craig Johnson sees lots of room for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock to run even though it just had its longest winning streak since February 2015. He said on CNBC s Power Lunch that the shares have  really good support around $90.  He predicts a short-term dip in the shares after they hit $120 but believes they will go back to their May highs within the next few months. He also predicts that there will be some profit taking at that point, sending the shares down a bit, but looking six to 12 months from now, he expects the shares to return to around $130.

However, another chart technician sees a bearish pattern emerging in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock. In a post for MarketWatch, Tomi Kilgore warned about a  harami cross  candlestick chart pattern, which suggests an impending short-term downtrend. In Japanese slang,  harami  means  pregnant,  and in candlestick chart patterns, it references a two-day pattern which involves a candle range fully surrounding a second small candle.

 When a harami appears at the extreme of a recent move, it warns of a pregnant pause in the trend,  Kilgore explains.  In Apple s chart, the fact that the second candle is a  doji,  upgrades the warning to a bearish reversal. 

 Doji  is Japanese for  at the same time,  and in chart patterns, it s a reference to a time when a stock s closing price is almost the same as its opening price. So when a doji is in the middle of a pretty wide intra-day range, it suggests  that supply and demand have reached equilibrium. 

After closing at a 10-month high on Wednesday, shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock are on track to break their seven-day winning streak; they declined by as much as 0.37% to $116.90 during regular trading hours on Thursday. Fitch says reputation risk bigger than cost impact of Samsung recall  
2016-06-30
Goldman Sachs Drops Knowledge About Apple's Ecosystem, Lays Out Key Areas ... Goldman Sachs produced a 69-page report on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s ecosystem, the firm's supplier chain, and the likely hot sectors and developments to monitor going forward.

The focus of this piece is on the idea that some of Apple's suppliers have positioned themselves well within the Apple ecosystem in terms of profit/revenues. Whether well positioned in the Apple ecosystem or not, Apple suppliers will need to figure out ways to survive without the saving grace of a firm that arguably has lost its innovative edge.

Goldman's team has concern for Apple's suppliers in lieu of the challenging iPhone growth. The firm believes suppliers need to secure a share of Apple's profit pool, as well as develop new technologies to tap into other profit centers around the world.

Related Link: Elizabeth Warren: Apple, Google And Amazon Threaten Our Democracy

Within the supplier universe, Goldman's team lead Daiki Takayama laid out the structure of the playing field:

Leaders - Broadcom, GoerTek, Nidec, Murata Mfg., Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, TDK, and Samsung Electronics.

- Broadcom, GoerTek, Nidec, Murata Mfg., Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, TDK, and Samsung Electronics. Strong Dependents - Largan, Alps Electric, LuxshaRE, SK Hynix, Taiyo Yuden, TPK, AAX Technologies, Sony.

- Largan, Alps Electric, LuxshaRE, SK Hynix, Taiyo Yuden, TPK, AAX Technologies, Sony. Transformers - Qualcomm, NXP Semiconductors, Skyworks Solutions, Nitto Denko, Hon Hai Precision.

- Qualcomm, NXP Semiconductors, Skyworks Solutions, Nitto Denko, Hon Hai Precision. Laggards - Jabil Circuit (NYSE: JBL), Wistron, Toshiba, Ibiden, Minebea, Pegatron, Hirose, Seagate, Japan Display.

The following is Goldman's quadrant image of the above four categories:

Digging deeper into where the suppliers fit in Apple's supply chain yields a better understanding of the cross-section of Apple suppliers that fall under Goldman's coverage universe:

Of Apple's 195 suppliers, Goldman has coverage reports on 51. The following image is Goldman's breakdown of the characteristics of that group of 51:

Rest assured, there's enough here to keep CNBC and other outlets plugging all day about the tech giant.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Daiki Takayama Goldman Sachs iPhoneAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Nike appoints Tim Cook as lead independent director of Board  Apple in talks to acquire Tidal, Jay Z's streaming-music service - CNBC, citing Dow Jones  
2016-10-15
Apple Inc.'s Surprisingly Strong Mid-Range iPhone Offering Whenever Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) releases new flagship smartphones, the prior-generation models are usually discounted by $100. This effectively makes last year's Apple flagship into this year's mid-range offering, allowing Apple to participate at a wider range of price points than it would have otherwise been able to.

This strategy has worked reasonably well for Apple as its flagship devices tend to be advanced enough to successfully inhabit those mid-range price points but not so advanced so as to diminish the value proposition of the flagship model.

Although the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were disappointing sellers as flagships (Apple saw its first-ever iPhone sales decline during this product cycle), as this year's mid-range offerings, they are probably the most competitive products that Apple has ever had at these price points.

iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus still competitive with Android flagships

In prior generations, it'd have been hard to make the case that Apple's previous generation phones were, in meaningful ways, superior to flagship devices from major Android-based competitors. However, this year it's not a hard case to make at all.

The A9 processor inside of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus offers better single/dual core CPU performance than what can be found in any other Android smartphone according to the Geekbench 4 performance test (Android flagships have the A9 beaten on multicore performance, but per-core performance is generally more important for the user experience).

Both the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus also incorporate Apple's 3D Touch functionality. Similar technologies have begun to pop up in a few Android smartphones, but the major flagships from well-known brands such as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), LG, and HTC have yet to incorporate a similar feature (though I suspect they will in due time).

Apple also wisely opted to increase the amount of storage that it offers in these price-reduced iPhone 6S devices. The base iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models now come with 32 gigabytes of storage and 128 gigabytes in the higher price tier.

Those storage increases, coupled with the price cuts, should dramatically improve the value propositions of these former-flagships-turned-mid-range phones.

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus aren't ahead of current Android flagships in every respect, though. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are behind in terms of display resolution, cellular performance, and the cameras.

That being said, the fact that Apple's year-old flagships are as competitive as they are could help the company gain some share at lower price points against the Android makers.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus should hold up extremely well

I believe that this year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are much more competitive as flagship devices than the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were when they were Apple's top devices. Assuming that Apple's competitors don't advance their phones at a quicker pace than they did in between the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7, then I could actually see the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus holding up even better against Android flagships post-iPhone 8 launch than the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are now.

And, for Apple, gaining smartphone share while keeping its average selling prices healthy (Apple's mid-range phones start at $549) is critical to allowing its iPhone business to deliver profitable growth. Increasingly strong mid-range offerings should allow Apple to do just that. 
2016-11-05
Huawei Makes a Samsung-Esque Vow to Take Down Apple, Inc. Let me know if this sounds familiar: Large Asian consumer electronics company sees Apple, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) rise and incredible success in the smartphone market, and vows to beat the Cupertino giant no matter what. That perfectly describes South Korean conglomerate Samsung's mentality at the start of the decade, but it now also encapsulates China's Huawei.

Reuters reported yesterday that Huawei CEO Richard Yu has aspirations of becoming the No. 2 smartphone manufacturer in the world, a spot currently occupied by Apple. Huawei isn't too far behind Apple, and is catching up.

Vendor Q3 2016 Unit Volumes Change (YOY) Samsung 72.5 million (13.5%) Apple 45.5 million (5.3%) Huawei 33.6 million 23%

Huawei only entered the smartphone market about four years ago, historically making its money on network equipment for telecommunications companies. Yu promised to keep up with Apple in terms of innovation, while also dropping some buzzwords that the company would also be pursuing.

The downside of obsession

Half a decade ago, Samsung became completely obsessed with beating Apple. Remember the internal memo circulated in September 2011 emphasized "Goal of next year-BEAT APPLE"? So much effort at the company was dedicated to beating the Cupertino company at its own game, even if that meant shamelessly replicating its products and designs. For example, as part of the patent infringement lawsuit, there was a 132-page document from March 2010 uncovered that was completely dedicated to copying the interface and software features of the iPhone for the Galaxy S1, which included "Directions for Improvement" on how to mimic Apple.

More recently, it's precisely this obsession with beating Apple that caused Samsung to cut corners and rush the Galaxy Note 7 to market in order to launch a month before the iPhone. We all know how that turned out.

Can Huawei become the next Samsung?

Samsung has known for quite some time that building a business that's based on really good hardware and little else is vulnerable, as it could be supplanted by the next big hardware player. Huawei has started to release some very strong phones in China, and is eyeing continued international expansion. This is why Samsung has tried very hard to expand its software capabilities, but it has little to show for it.

Headlines like "Huawei is the new Samsung" probably don't reassure the South Korean company much, either, but it's also a testament to Huawei's progress in entering the consumer smartphone market (even if Huawei is also using a copycat strategy).

Who cares about unit share?

The reality is that competing for unit market share is something of a meaningless beauty pageant. It's a title that doesn't actually speak to the underlying business, particularly if those volumes are being driven by low-margin, low-cost phones. BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long just released a research note estimating that Apple grabbed 104% of the smartphone industry's operating profits in the third quarter, meaning that everyone else collectively lost money on their phones.

If Apple can grab over 100% of the industry's profits with just 12.5% unit share, then I think it'll be just fine, even if Huawei one day overtakes Apple in unit volumes. 
2016-10-04
1 Huge Winner From the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 The product teardown reports for the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are in, and at this point the key suppliers of many components are well-known. I'd like to highlight a longtime Apple supplier that appears to have hit the jackpot with these latest smartphones: longtime Apple audio-chip supplier Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS).

Lots more chip content for Cirrus

According to the chip teardown specialists at Chipworks, the iPhone 7 reuses the same audio codec chip that was used in the prior-generation iPhone 6s. However, Chipworks found that the number of audio amplifiers inside the device -- also supplied by Cirrus Logic -- grew from the two that Chipworks found inside the prior-generation iPhone 6s to three.

Separately, a teardown shared by Tinhte.vn showed that both the Lightning-to-3.5mm audio adapter and Apple's Lightning EarPods include Cirrus Logic audio codec chips.

Analysts with Pacific Crest securities (via Barron's [subscription required]), referring to Cirrus Logic as "likely the biggest winner in the iPhone 7," estimates that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus contain $2.50 in additional chip content per device relative to the iPhone 6s.

Putting this into financial perspective

Typically speaking, whenever Apple releases a new iPhone, the majority of the iPhone demand that it sees is for its latest-generation products. Apple sold 231 million iPhones in fiscal 2015 and demand has been dropping. If we assume that Apple ships roughly 200 million iPhones during the iPhone 7 cycle, with around 65% of the units sold being of the newer iPhone 7/7 Plus model (a solid majority of the units), then we could be looking at 130 million unit shipments of the new iPhone during Apple's coming fiscal year. That would work out to $325 million at $2.50 per phone.

For some context, Cirrus took in $1.17 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. The content increase inside the new iPhone, assuming Apple's unit shipments don't drop precipitously year over year -- which is very unlikely to happen -- should drive substantial growth for the chipmaker.

If Apple winds up seeing unit growth during this product cycle, particularly of its latest iPhones, then that would be icing on the cake.

Taking a longer view

Looking out a little bit longer term, Cirrus' audio content inside the next generation of the iPhone probably won't go down relative to that seen inside the iPhone 7. Indeed, due to Cirrus' track record with Apple, as well as a very strong competitive position from a technical perspective, it is unlikely that Apple would be interested in designing Cirrus completely out of the iPhone or even dual-sourcing for the iPhone in the future.

That being said, there's clearly the risk that Apple will decide that iPhone 8 buyers don't really need that Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter, which would lead to a reduction in Cirrus' content inside of the next iPhone.

However, right now I'm comfortable assuming similar Cirrus content inside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 8. Under that assumption, Cirrus could stand to enjoy further revenue growth from a content increase following the launch of the iPhone 8 as the iPhone 7 series phones will still likely be sold as the iDevice maker's lower cost iPhone option.

Looking even further ahead, it's well understood that Apple is an industry trendsetter. Although in the near term some of Apple's competitors might mock the iDevice maker's decision to ditch the headphone jack, I believe these same competitors will almost certainly eventually realize Apple's wisdom in this regard and ditch the jacks themselves.

If this move causes Apple's competitors to potentially require bundled earbuds or adapters that include their own audio codecs as well, Cirrus could be a prime beneficiary.

Near-term upside could be limited, but...

The analysts with Pacific Crest argue that this content upside "is largely already reflected in Cirrus' guidance and in expectations for the stock" and that they "see limited opportunities for upside."

This is a reasonable conclusion, and at this point I tend to agree with it. Note that the stock has more than doubled from its 52-week lows and has roughly tripled from the lows seen in late 2014.

At the same time, though, I would say that the current business momentum Cirrus is enjoying and could continue to enjoy over the next couple of years means that on any significant dips -- particularly those related to macroeconomic conditions or other non-Cirrus-specific fears -- investors may want to consider picking up shares of the chipmaker. 
2016-09-09
Apple Inc.'s Subtle iPhone 7 Plus Price Hike On Sept. 7, smartphone giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its next-generation iPhones, known as the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, respectively. The new phones represent a solid step forward for the iPhone series, delivering enhanced performance and features as well as a more refined aesthetic.

The iPhone 7 series phones come in three storage tiers, with the cheapest variant -- a version with 32 GB of flash memory -- starting at $649. From there, it costs $100 to move up each tier. This is the same pricing structure that Apple has employed with its iPhones for quite a while now.

The iPhone 7 Plus, however, begins at $769 for the base model with 32 GB of storage and, like the smaller iPhone 7 series, costs buyers an additional $100 per storage tier. This represents a slight premium over what the iDevice maker had charged for previous large iPhone models.

What does this mean for Apple? Let's take a closer look.

$20 isn't likely to impede demand

It doesn't seem as though the additional $20 is going to impact demand all that much. Relative to the pricing of prior-generation base models, this is less than a 2.7% price hike. For the higher-end models the price increase is an even smaller increase, with the price hike working out to just over 2.1% for the highest-tier version.

Additionally, a 2%-3% price hike, particularly given the scope of the hardware improvements and the bump in storage across all of the tiers (16 GB/64 GB/128 GB has now become 32 GB/128 GB/256 GB), can be very easily justified.

So, I don't think that the slight price increase will have any meaningful negative impact on demand.

Why charge the extra $20, though?

If the iPhone 6s/6s Plus cycle had driven continued growth the iDevice maker, it would be tempting to chalk up the price hike to Apple simply wanting to improve gross profit margins and ultimately wring out additional profitability from these new, higher-end phones.

However, in light of the fact that the older iPhone 6s/6s Plus didn't do that well, I doubt that Apple would do anything to risk unit demand (although, as I explained above, I don't think the risk is particularly great).

Instead, Apple likely increased the pricing in an attempt to maintain gross profit margins generation over generation. Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus improved generation over generation, but the larger iPhone 7 Plus arguably saw a more dramatic improvement.

In particular, the iPhone 7 Plus features a dual lens camera (whereas the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus shared the same lens count), and it also features 50% more system memory (whereas the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus had the same amount of memory).

That extra $20 likely serves to simply offset those increased bill-of-materials costs.

A smart strategy

At the end of the day, I strongly suspect that high-end smartphone buyers want additional, innovative new features. Moreover, it seems likely that they are fairly willing to pay a premium for those improvements. In that context, a $20 premium just doesn't seem like a whole lot, and Apple's strategy here seems sound, although we'll have to see how the new phone does in the marketplace before we'll know for sure. Why Apple Inc. Is Likely Using 10-Nanometer Tech for A10X A little while back, KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo (via DIGITIMES) claimed that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next-generation tablet processor, which is likely to be dubbed the A10X or A10X Fusion, will be manufactured using Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) 10-nanometer technology.

By contrast, the A10 Fusion chip inside of the recently announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, is manufactured using TSMC's more mature 16-nanometer manufacturing technology.

In this column, I'd like to offer up a potential explanation for why Apple may opt to adopt 10-nanometer for A10X.

A question of economics

According to Apple, the A10 Fusion chip is made up of 3.3 billion transistors. I estimate that on TSMC's 16-nanometer manufacturing technology, this chip will be quite large.

To estimate just how large the A10 Fusion is, note that the Apple A8 chip -- manufactured in TSMC's 20-nanometer technology -- packed more than 2 billion transistors (per Apple) into an area of 89 square millimeters (per Chipworks). Since TSMC's 16-nanometer technology didn't provide a meaningful area reduction over its 20-nanometer technology, a crude estimate of the A10 Fusion's die size based on the A8 would peg it at approximately 147 square millimeters.

That's gigantic for a smartphone chip. Heck, the majority of microprocessor giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) laptop/desktop processors aren't even that big.

Given that the A10X is likely to cram in even more graphics cores and potentially other features over the A10, the chip would necessarily be well in excess of 150 square millimeters in TSMC's 16-nanometer technology.

This would be doable, but it could be quite expensive.

A move to 10-nanometer should help costs

The A10X chip implemented in TSMC's 10-nanometer technology would be significantly smaller than the same chip manufactured in TSMC's 16-nanometer technology. Assuming that the area reduction that 10-nanometer brings more than offsets the wafer cost increase associated with moving from 16-nanometer to 10-nanometers, the A10X should be cheaper to build on 10-nanometers.

Another factor that could further tilt costs in favor of the 10-nanometer node for the A10X would be yields. TSMC's 16-nanometer technology should be quite mature at this point, but it is well known that -- all else equal -- manufacturing yields of larger chips tend to be worse than those of smaller chips.

Assuming that TSMC's 10-nanometer technology is generally healthy when it comes time to ramp the A10X into production, yields on A10X on 10-nanometer may simply be better than yields of a hypothetical, equivalent A10X on TSMC's 16-nanometer technology.

There's a performance/power benefit, too

Although the main benefit in transitioning from 16-nanometer to 10-nanometer should be cost, TSMC does claim some performance/power benefits to its 10-nanometer technology relative to its 16-nanometer technology. The performance benefit should allow Apple to wring out a bit more performance than it otherwise would have been able to on the 16-nanometer technology.

Expect a performance monster with A10X

Apple's A10 Fusion is already a monster mobile chip, and I suspect that the iDevice maker has something very impressive cooking with its next-generation iPad chip. Apple's chip designs are generally impressive irrespective of the manufacturing technology used, but the transition to 10-nanometer should help with both cost and performance. Why Tim Cook Is The Genius Apple Needs Negotiating with governments is what Cook is good at, and it s one of the reasons why Apple is worth much more now than it ever was while Jobs was alive.

But Tim Cook has different skills - the kind that, in many ways, are even more valuable when you re running Apple.

Originally published September 7, 2016

Later this morning, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook is going to unveil the iPhone 7, and when he does, the familiar litany of complaints will almost certainly be aired.  This new phone is evolutionary, not revolutionary.   Apple s very good at making money, but its spark has gone.   Why can t it innovate anymore? 

Some people will come out and say it explicitly: Why can t Tim Cook be more like Steve Jobs?

The real answer is that only Steve Jobs could be Steve Jobs, and even Steve Jobs took many decades and quite a lot of failure to become what he became.

But Tim Cook, it turns out, has different skills. Cook s skills aren t the kind that make for flashy keynotes and whiz-bang product launches. But they re the kind that, in many ways, are even more valuable when you re running Apple - which, at this point, is more akin to a sovereign nation-state than a technology company.

Apple s revenues today are more than double what they were when Jobs died in 2011, and leading a company that size is about much more than innovation. You need to manage insanely complex global supply chains, as well as a set of cash flows of a magnitude all but unprecedented in the history of modern capitalism.

Most importantly, your future relies on a set of relationships, with suppliers and tax authorities all over the world, all of which must be delicately massaged and cared for. Managing those relationships was Tim Cook s job when he worked for Steve Jobs, and it was his astonishing success in that position which propelled him into the CEO s office upon Jobs s death.

If you want to see Cook at his strongest, don t look to this morning s keynote in San Francisco. Instead, look 5,500 miles east, to Brussels, where Apple is currently fighting the European Union over its corporate tax liabilities.

Last week, the EU ruled that Apple owes  13 billion (more than $14 billion) in taxes to Ireland. In response, Cook angrily replied that it follows the law and pays all the taxes it owes. You might think that Cook was angry because the EU just increased Apple s tax liability by  13 billion, but in fact the size of Apple s tax liability has gone up by exactly zero.

It s worth backing up a little here, because this isn t a normal corporate tax dispute, and it shows why Cook s talents for corporate statesmanship are so incredibly value to today s Apple.

As a US company, Apple owes US taxes on its global income, but it doesn t need to pay those taxes unless and until it brings those offshore dollars back to the U.S. (or  repatriates  them, in accountant-speak). As of September 2015, Apple showed a whopping $24.1 billion in  non-current deferred tax liabilities  on its balance sheet: that is, taxes which it owes to the U.S. but has (legally) not yet paid.

If Apple paid Ireland  13 billion tomorrow, then its $24 billion in deferred tax liabilities would simply decrease by an identical amount. That s because the U.S. and Ireland have a dual-taxation treaty, under which companies (and individuals) are only taxed once on any given income. However much money Apple pays in Irish taxes, it can go ahead and deduct from the amount it owes the U.S.

In other words, this is not a fight about whether Apple owes  13 billion in taxes - it s about where Apple owes  13 billion in taxes. The EU says Apple owes that money in the EU, while Apple says it only owes the money in the US.

As Apple itself says:

At its root, the Commission s case is not about how much Apple pays in taxes. It is about which government collects the money. Taxes for multinational companies are complex, yet a fundamental principle is recognized around the world: A company s profits should be taxed in the country where the value is created. Apple, Ireland and the United States all agree on this principle.

This also explains why American politicians, including the Treasury secretary, have been complaining loudly that the EU ruling is  an attempt to reach into the U.S. tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States.  If you re in charge of U.S. fiscal policy, then you look at that $24 billion and you consider it to be, basically, yours. It might not have been paid yet, but you re patient. So to U.S. eyes, Europe is dipping into a pool of money which rightfully belongs not to Apple, but rather to the U.S. government.

But here s the thing. If Apple wanted to pay the U.S. the $24 billion in taxes that it owes in this country, it could have done that years ago. The whole point of Europe s ruling was that Apple was booking billions of dollars of income and paying tax on that income nowhere at all.

An enormous proportion of Apple s European income was funneled into something called Apple Operations International, or AOI, which was extremely good at getting out of having to pay taxes. Take it away Adam Davidson

Phillip Bullock, the head of tax operations for Apple, told a U.S. Senate committee in 2013 that  A.O.I. is incorporated in Ireland; thus, under U.S. law it is not tax resident in the U.S.  That seemed clear enough until his next sentence.  A.O.I. is also not tax resident in Ireland because it does not meet the fact-specific residency requirements of Irish law.  It s Irish, according to American law; not Irish, according to the Irish. A.O.I., in fact, does not legally exist anywhere, even as it takes in much of the profits from Apple sales outside of the United States.

It s therefore a bit rich for Cook to start wrapping himself in the American flag, complaining that the EU is snatching away money which rightfully belongs to U.S. taxpayers. If Cook wanted U.S. taxpayers to have that money, he could have given it to them whenever he wanted   and the EU would have had no case against him. They just wanted Apple to pay tax somewhere, and if it wasn t paying its taxes in the U.S., then they were going to force the company to pay its taxes in Europe, instead.

But Cook didn t want to pay those taxes, because paid taxes have no strategic value, and give Apple no leverage with the U.S. government. To remix an old saying, if you owe the government a million dollars, you have a problem. If you owe the government 24 billion dollars, the government has a problem.

Specifically, in order to get its hands on that money, the government might be willing to cut some kind of a deal: announce a one-off window, say, whereby corporations would be allowed to repatriate their offshore profits at a discounted tax rate.

No one knows such tactics better than the U.S. government, which sat on money it owed to Iran for 35 years before finally agreeing to release that money as part of a much broader deal including Iran releasing certain political prisoners. No one disputed that the money rightfully belonged to Iran, but the U.S., which had control over when the money was paid, managed to leverage that control so as to achieve broader political goals.

Most big companies spend money on Washington lobbyists - a few million dollars can go a long way, if spent smartly. But if you re in the business of dangling carrots in front of the government in an attempt to get them to do what you want them to do, then pointing at a stockpile of 24 billion carrots, just sitting there ripe for the munching, can be incredibly effective. And when the EU effectively sticks a lien on 14 billion of those carrots, reserving them for itself - well, then your power in Washington diminishes.

This is not the Apple we think of when we think of Steve Jobs, inventing  insanely great  products and shipping them to delighted consumers. Tim Cook s Apple, by contrast, is more akin to a mid-sized country, constantly embroiled in tricky negotiations with its various allies around the world. Apple might not be technologically innovative anymore, but it has become peerless in its ability to leverage its enormous balance sheet - both its assets and its liabilities - with governments around the world.

Jobs never cared much about the practical utility of Apple s cash. He was famously dismissive of his shareholders, never paid a dividend, and was happy to simply let huge amounts of money pile up on his balance sheet, doing nothing in particular.

Cook, by contrast, understands that Apple s enormous wealth is an asset to be used strategically, in furtherance of the company s broader goals. He has famously spent billions of dollars on stock buybacks, which have helped support the share price and thereby made recruitment and retention much easier in a world built on stock-based compensation. Even after all that expenditure, however, he still has more than $200 billion sitting offshore - a cash pile which, it turns out, makes for a very effective bargaining chip.

The EU s ruling doesn t make Apple any poorer, but it does hurt the company s leverage. That s why Cook hates it so much. Negotiating with governments isn t sexy: You can t do it while wearing a black turtleneck and being live-streamed around the world. But it s what Cook is good at, and it s one of the reasons why Apple is worth much more now than it ever was while Jobs was alive. Innovation is all well and good. But not all innovation comes in the form of user-friendly technology. Sometimes, it looks more like geopolitical strategy. Attention Fitbit Investors: Apple's New Watch Unlikely To 'Shake Up The ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s upgraded Watch product, called the Apple Watch Series 2, will blow the competition out of the water, including Fitbit Inc (NYSE: FIT), right?

Not so fast, says Bloomberg Gadfly's Gillian Tan.

According to Tan, Apple's new Watch does contain a few "tweaks" that will appeal to the fitness market, but it's "unlikely to dramatically shake up the competitive landscape."

Related Link: What Everyone's Saying About The New Apple Watch

Tan continued that new features including a GPS ship and water resistance isn't enough to make it a "must-own" device for fitness enthusiasts. The price tag on the Watch starts at $369, nearly double the $200 price tag on Fitbit's Blaze.

Apple Watch has an estimated battery life of just one day, while the Fitbit Blaze can last five full days before it needs to be charged.

Meanwhile, Fitbit has another "meaningful one-up" over Apple: the fact that its devices are compatible with Android devices.

Nevertheless, it's "understandable" for Fitbit's investors to be concerned, but they shouldn't be. Tan cited Betty Chen, an analyst at Mizuho, who suggested that Fitbit's 17 million active user base represents an "unparalleled ecosystem" that can enhance engagement.

"Analysts have an average price target of $21.38 on the stock, indicating they expect Fitbit shares to return to health over the next 12 months," Tan concluded. "Less heat from the competition and ongoing quarterly earnings beats certainly leave the chances of a recovery rally on track."

Posted-In: Apple Watch Bloomberg Gadfly Fitbit Gillian TanTech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-04-18
Apple Inc. Reportedly Signs Huge OLED Deal With Samsung Display According to a report from The Korea Herald (via MacRumors), Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Display is expected to begin supplying Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) with 5.5-inch OLED displays in 2017. Presumably, these displays are intended for a next-generation Plus series iPhone.

Per the report, this deal is worth a total of $2.59 billion and is said to be for 100 million 5.5-inch OLED panels per year for at least three years.

Let's take a look at the implications of this deal.

If the value is correct, Apple is getting OLED panels on the cheap

If the agreement is for three years' worth of supply, and if Apple is getting approximately 100 million panels per year, then this would imply that it is paying $2.59 billion for a total of 300 million panels.

If this deal value is correct, then this would suggest that Apple is only going to pay an average of around $8.63 per 5.5-inch OLED display. Given that these panels are going to be critical components of the premium 2017 iPhones (which should start at $749 and go all the way up to $949 if the current pricing structure holds), that seems like a very good per-panel price.

Even if we assume that the $2.59 billion figure is on an annual basis, this would imply a price-per-panel of around $26. This is obviously much greater than about $8.63, but for state-of-the-art panels that are only headed to Apple's highest-end and most expensive phones, this wouldn't be terrible.

Is this another way Apple plans to differentiate small from big?

Apple has shown that it will add additional features to its higher-end iPhones relative to the lower-end ones. This is an extremely sensible move due simply to the fact that the larger-screen phones sell for more than the smaller-screen ones do, which allows Apple to put more features in for a given gross profit margin structure.

The report explicitly mentions 5.5-inch panels and doesn't mention 4.7-inch or 4-inch displays. This may suggest that Apple intends to use the more advanced OLED displays on its pricier 5.5-inch models as a way to further differentiate its largest iPhones from its smaller brethren.

Such a strategy would hardly be unique. For example, China-based smartphone maker Huawei employed such a strategy with its recently launched P9 and P9 Plus flagships; the smaller and cheaper P9 features an LCD while the larger P9 Plus packs an OLED panel.

I think that this point of differentiation alone could drive a non-trivial number potential customers to buy the higher-end 5.5-inch model over the smaller 4.7-inch one.

100 million seems like a lot, though...

Apple ships just over 200 million iPhones per year, and even if the iPhone 7 proves a smash hit and the follow-on series an even bigger hit, I can't imagine iPhone sales pushing past roughly 250 million units on an annual basis anytime soon.

It is generally believed that the 4.7-inch iPhones tend to dramatically outsell the 5.5-inch iPhones, perhaps at a ratio of 2:1 in favor of the smaller model.

Even if we assume that all of the, let's call it 250 million, units that are sold between Sept. 2017 and Sept. 2018 are the newest iPhone series (an extremely unlikely scenario), this would suggest Apple would only need around 83 million 5.5-inch OLED panels.

Furthermore, it strikes me as odd that Apple would sole-source (which is what such quantities of display orders would mean) OLED displays from its archrival Samsung. I would expect LG Display (NYSE:LPL) to enter the fray for a late 2017 iPhone and Japan Display to supply OLEDs to Apple starting in 2018, per the company's public statements.

OLED on iPhone is sure to happen, but this report may not be getting the details right

There is zero doubt in my mind that Apple aims to transition at least a portion of its iPhone lineup to OLEDs and that it would like to do it sooner rather than later. However, I am skeptical of the details given in this report from The Korea Herald, particularly around the quantities discussed. Why Apple Inc. Won't Skip AMOLED Displays Mark Hibben, writing for Seeking Alpha, recently cast doubt on the rumors that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will eventually transition from using liquid crystal displays (LCDs) to using AMOLED displays for its popular iPhone line of smartphones.

Hibben first noted that current-generation AMOLED displays suffer from "burn in" issues as well as "response non-uniformity." He also argues that the LCD found on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro -- which DisplayMate's Raymond Soneira reviewed quite positively in a number of critical areas -- is so good that it could "cancel any perceived advantage that AMOLED might offer in terms of color accuracy and contrast."

I respectfully disagree and wholeheartedly believe that Apple will eventually transition the iPhone to AMOLED displays. Here's why.

The 9.7-inch iPad Pro display is awesome, but...

There's no denying that the LCD found on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is truly excellent. In fact, aside from surprisingly high black levels (which leads to relatively low "true" contrast ratio relative to the "infinite" of a good AMOLED panel), the panel delivers wins in DisplayMate's test against the display found on the Galaxy S7 that a reasonable argument could be made for Apple's iPad Pro 9.7-inch LCD being superior to the one on the Samsung phone.

There's no doubt in my mind at this point that the LCDs that will be featured in the iPhone 7/7 Plus will be truly excellent and even better than the ones found on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. Apple may very well be able to claim smartphone display superiority over the rest of the industry come September using LCDs (and evidence suggests that Apple does significant proprietary display technology R&D, so it may be unique to Apple for a while).

That being said, though the iPhone 7/7 Plus displays should be excellent, there is still reason for Apple to move to OLED.

Perfect black levels, curved panels, and thinner displays

It is well known that AMOLED displays allow for "perfect" black levels. This is due to the fact that the displays do not require a backlight and each pixel is, as Soneira puts it, "individually directly powered."

In other words, when a pixel is supposed to be black, the pixel is simply turned off.

Beyond that, though, there are other advantages. Soneira points out that OLEDs can be manufactured on flexible substrates allowing for curved displays, as seen on a handful of Android devices (primarily from Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF)).

Unsurprisingly, Apple is rumored to be planning to roll out a premium iPhone with a curved AMOLED display in 2017.

Finally, Apple is pretty bent on making its devices thinner, with Apple's Dan Riccio once saying in an interview that every tenth of a millimeter in Apple's products is "sacred." OLED displays don't require backlights, which add additional thickness to a device. By eliminating the backlight, Apple can be free to make even thinner devices without sacrificing battery capacity.

But, wait, there's more to Hibben's argument

As I noted early on in this column, Hibben rightfully points to some of the issues that current-generation AMOLED displays face relative to LCDs; AMOLEDs certainly aren't perfect and I suspect that current technical issues, coupled with cost considerations, are why Apple isn't likely to use such displays in the iPhone 7/7 Plus generation of phones.

However, Apple has added many display experts to its ranks, with a large number of them being experts in OLED display technology. These highly paid experts are certainly working to develop next-generation display technologies, likely in conjunction with critical display manufacturers (LG Display (NYSE:LPL), Samsung Display, Japan Display, and perhaps others).

The advantages of OLEDs are clear, but so are the current drawbacks. It will be up to these engineers to solve these problems to produce unequivocally leadership smartphone displays for future Apple products that deliver on all of the advantages of OLEDs while solving the current challenges/drawbacks of the technology.

It won't be easy, but given how important display technology is to Apple's key profit drivers and how large Apple's R&D budget has gotten, I have every confidence that these issues can and will be solved in due course. Here's Why the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Could Face a Delay As a result of earthquakes in Japan, analyst Jasmine Lu with Morgan Stanley (via Barron's) says that Sony's (NYSE:SNE) production plants were offline as of Sunday. As many readers likely know, Sony provides the CMOS image sensors to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for its iPhone.

According to Lu, in the event that Sony's production equipment has been damaged, "the possibility of a lengthy outage must be considered, given the nearly five-month lead time for CMOS lines."

What's the word from Sony?

A Sony spokesperson told Reuters that it is "not expecting any immediate supply disruption" since the company has "some inventories right now." The spokesperson also promised that Sony would "make an announcement promptly if any supply issues emerge."

This isn't a whole lot to go on, but concerned investors should keep a close eye for any press releases from Sony regarding any issues with supply.

What could this mean for Apple?

Apple is expected to launch new iPhones in September of this year. If Lu is correct about the lead times for CMOS image sensor production, then this means that Sony needs to be in volume production for the sensors that Apple will use in the new iPhones now.

Additionally, per Lu, the yield rates on the new camera modules has apparently been "low." This is unsurprising given that the new sensors are likely to be significantly more advanced than the ones found in the current iPhone products.

The modules themselves are also going to need to be quite thin if Apple intends to both dramatically slim the bodies of the next iPhones while possibly eliminating the "camera bump" that has been present since the iPhone 6 series.

Apple will almost certainly need to launch its next-generation iPhone in September of this year; the iPhone 6s series of phones are getting stale and in order to get potential customers excited, the iDevice maker needs to introduce next-generation phones.

I don't see this as a potential showstopper for Apple. Apple is a very important customer to Sony, and I am sure that Apple will provide Sony with whatever financial incentive necessary to ensure that as Sony's factories come back online, Apple gets "first dibs" on wafer allocation.

This might lead to initial supply tightness for the iPhone 7, but as long as customers are able to place (pre) orders for the new iPhones, the risk of Apple losing business to, say, a competitor, are probably quite low.

How can Apple defend against such issues in the future?

Apple relies solely on Sony for its rear-facing camera sensors, so significant disruptions to Sony's production capability are clearly something that Apple should worry about.

Going forward, I wonder if Apple may be able to strike a deal with Sony to have the latter build CMOS sensor manufacturing plants in other potentially less earthquake-prone regions. Apple could also aim to bring image sensor design completely in-house, with the aim of being able to manufacture the design at multiple companies in different regions. Apple Inc. Looking to Ditch Metal Casings in Future iPhones According to a research note published by generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via MacRumors), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning to transition its iPhone lineup from aluminum casings to non-aluminum (most likely glass) casings beginning in 2017.

Kuo notes that if this year's iPhone once-again uses a metal casing, this would mark the fifth year that Apple has done so. Using similar casing materials for so long, the analyst argues, means that "there is no longer a feeling of freshness to appeal to consumers."

In addition to the fact that Apple has sold phones with aluminum bodies for such a long time, Kuo points out that many of Apple's competitors are also using similar materials. In fact, there are many smartphones coming from China-based vendors that look very similar to iPhones.

This, Kuo writes, means that "iPhone no longer has a clear edge due to a lack of differentiation." A move to an "all-new-form-factor-design" could "enhance the competitiveness of iPhone," according to Kuo.

That's great, but what about iPhone 7?

There has been surprisingly little concrete information leaked about the iPhone that's expected to make it to market in just five months. Early reports suggested that the iPhone 7-series phones would be substantially thinner than the current generation iPhone 6s-series devices. The phone is also expected to feature upgraded internals and lose the headphone jack.

Interestingly, however, a report from 9to5Mac back in January said that Apple is actually "testing three different designs for the iPhone 7." Among those designs is a "completely new, thinner look" as well as a "backup design that looks substantially like the iPhone 6s."

If Apple fails to introduce an iPhone 7 that's much more aesthetically pleasing and/or interesting than the iPhone 6/6s (i.e. the "backup" model), then this could bode ill for the coming iPhone 7 cycle. Indeed, given that the iPhone 6s cycle has proven to be something of a bust, with iPhone sales expected to drop in the current fiscal year, Apple is going to need to pull out all the stops with iPhone 7 to try to get sales back on a growth path.

Could iPhone 7 be another year of mostly spec improvements?

If Apple winds up going with the "backup" model mentioned by 9to5Mac, then the iPhone 7 could very well wind up being an update that's mostly about internal technology updates. The upcoming A10 chip will surely deliver a solid performance boost over the A9 in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, and the camera subsystems in the iPhone 7/7 Plus are likely to be dramatically improved over those in the 6s/6s Plus.

Apple's iPhone displays are also in need of some serious upgrades, which I believe will arrive this year.

Oh, and based on comments from Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), the next generation iPhone is likely to pack substantial improvements to its wireless subsystem relative to the iPhone 6s-series of phones.

For customers that value improvements in technology/functionality, the iPhone 6s was a solid jump and the iPhone 7 stands to potentially be an even more impressive product. However, customers expecting Apple to radically reinvent the iPhone form factor may be disappointed. Apple: Can Weaker Dollar Save Its Quarter?  
2016-03-04
1 Massive Threat to Apple Inc.'s China Ambitions Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook is quite bullish on the China market, even going so far as to say that over time Apple's sales in the region will surpass those in North America to become its largest market. Indeed, during fiscal year 2015, Apple saw sales in the Greater China region surge 84% year over year to a whopping $58.72 billion.

However, sales growth in China for the iDevice maker slowed in its most recent quarter, with growth slumping to just 14% year over year. And on the fiscal first-quarter earnings call, Cook admitted to seeing "signs of economic softness" in the region.

In addition to this "economic softness," there's another big threat to the company's ambitions in the region: local Chinese smartphone vendors.

Have you seen what these companies are putting out?

There are a number of smartphone makers in China, and the products they're churning out are quite compelling. In fact, I would argue that a number of these vendors are producing smartphones that, at least from a hardware perspective, match or even exceed Apple's best iPhones in a number of ways.

Take Xiaomi, for example. The company's latest Mi5 smartphone seems to outclass the iPhone 6s/6s Plus virtually across the board. This phone, which has hardware specifications that are generally superior to those of Apple's flagships, is priced at about half the cost of an iPhone.

Xiaomi isn't the only one, though. Smartphone vendor Vivo recently announced two flagship models: the Vivo Xplay 5 and the Vivo Xplay 5 Elite. Here's what the Xplay 5 Elite looks like:

This phone looks gorgeous (and very similar to an iPhone 6s Plus), features a sharper, curved OLED display, packs in 6 gigabytes of memory, an arguably more advanced camera sensor, fingerprint reader, and a high-end Snapdragon 820 processor. Oh, and it comes with 128 gigabytes of storage, to boot.

All of this can be had for $655 -- cheaper than an iPhone 6s Plus, which has just 16 gigabytes of storage.

There are plenty more examples of Chinese smartphones that are more advanced and affordable than Apple's offerings.

Apple needs to pull ahead in terms of features

If Apple wants to succeed in the China market, it can't afford to put out hardware that's less sophisticated than what these local vendors are making. Indeed, given that Apple has research and development resources that these vendors could only dream of, it's baffling that Apple has let its products fall behind brands that most people haven't even heard of.

Indeed, it would be less of a problem if Apple's phones were more advanced and more expensive, but being technologically behind and more expensive is a recipe for market share loss.

Expect Apple's China sales to stall in the near term

As these flagship Chinese smartphones roll out, I expect that Apple will see its market segment share erode in China over the next two quarters. Whether Apple will recapture that lost share and return to higher levels of revenue growth, in my mind, depends on how compelling the iPhone 7/7 Plus/Pro are.

Apple has an opportunity to deliver a substantial leap with these new phones. We'll see in about six months' time whether the iDevice maker delivers some truly epic new phones. 
2016-02-14
Apple, Inc.'s Dividend Is Looking Solid -- Time to Buy? With Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock down about 19% during the past three months, the company's dividend yield is starting to look better. Indeed, with the stock at these levels, Apple has a dividend yield of 2.2%, high enough for dividend investors to at least take a closer look. Sure, 2.2% isn't strong enough for income investors to get excited, but it may be worth a bite once its growth potential is taken into account.

Apple's dividend history

Apple's history of dividends is both short and sweet. Initiating its dividend in 2012, the company has only been consistently paying out an annual dividend for about three and a half years. But this short dividend history is at least marked by some nice increases. Since the company paid out its first dividend in August 2012, Apple's dividend payout has rose 38%, increasing each year.

Apple's most recent dividend increase was in 2015. The quarterly dividend increased from $0.47 in 2014 to $0.52 in 2015, representing a meaningful 11% increase.

Notably, Apple has openly stated that it plans to increase its dividend every year. So the company's next dividend payout, which should occur in May, should actually be higher than $0.52, as the company has already paid out four quarters of dividend at these levels.

In previous years, Apple has announced its annual dividend increases when it reports second quarter results in April. During the company's first-quarter earnings call in January, management indicated that it planed to provide an update on its capital return program the same time this year. So investors can expect to find out by how much Apple will increase its dividend this year in about two months.

Expect another meaningful dividend increase

There are plenty of reasons to expect another meaningful increase to Apple's dividend this year -- and many more years to come, for that matter. The reasons all boil down to the company's fat balance sheet and its heady cash flow.

On Apple's balance sheet, the company boasts a whopping $215.7 billion in cash plus marketable securities, notably up $10.1 billion in a single quarter. And during the company's trailing 12 months, Apple generated a whopping $63 billion in free cash flow, or the cash from operations left over after capital expenditures are deducted.

And how much of this cash is Apple returning to investors through dividends? Only about $12 billion annually. Clearly, the company has plenty of room for more dividend increases. No wonder management can openly tell investors it plans to increase its dividend annually.

One common way dividend investors like to analyze potential income investments dividends is by looking at payout ratios, or dividend payouts as a portion of earnings. Apple aces this metric, with a payout ratio of just 22%. This low payout ratio leaves plenty of earnings for Apple to continue to apply toward its aggressive share repurchase program and to put toward its cash hoard for future investments or acquisitions. And it also leaves plenty of wiggle room for the dividend if Apple faces any significant headwinds that could pressure earnings; in other words, Apple could still increase its dividend on an annual basis even if EPS growth stalls or even begins to decline.

With Apple's dividend yield climbing from about 1.5% to 2.2% during the past twelve months thanks to a falling stock price, it's a good time to buy this dividend stock. And, as a nice bonus, investors will likely get yet another dividend increase in a few months. Apple, Inc.'s New iPad Air -- What to Expect On Friday, 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman was served yet another scoop on Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumored upcoming event. He had previously received word from some unnamed sources that the company would hold an event to launch a new smaller iPhone to replace the iPhone 5s, an iPad Air 3, and new bands for the Apple Watch, on March 15. And now he's reporting that Apple will begin selling these devices online and in stores just three days after the event. Considering his reliable track record with Apple rumors, chances are his prediction will pan out. But Gurman did note that his sources "cautioned that the plans could still change."

After reviewing in a recent article what there is to expect from Apple's rumored mid-cycle update to its 4-inch iPhone 5s with a new 4-inch iPhone, I'm now going to take a look at what there is to know about the company's rumored iPad Air 3 -- and why it matters for Apple.

iPad Air 3

Here's a roundup of the rumors about the potential key updates to Apple's iPad Air 3.

The iPad Air 3 will take design cues from Apple's iPad Pro.

One iPad Pro feature the iPad Air 3 will adopt is a Smart Connector, or Apple's new interface for connecting an iPad-compatible keyboard to the tablet.

Another key iPad Pro feature rumored to come to the iPad Air 3 is support for Apple Pencil.

The new tablet is expected to sport Apple's A9 processor, which was first introduced with the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The iPad's camera will likely get an update, potentially including a rear LED Flash.

The iPad Air 3 may sport an upgraded four-speaker stereo sound system like the one built into the iPad Pro.

Keep in mind that these are all rumors. And even if Apple did intend to include any of these features in the iPad Air 3 at one point in the past, the company's plans could have changed closer to launch.

But Gurman does confirm that his sources say an iPad Air 3 will likely be one of the products announced at Apple's March 15 event.

Why it matters

Apple's iPad update is particularly important for the company because Apple's iPad segment has been on the decline. Indeed, iPad sales have essentially been declining on a year-over-year basis for almost two years. And highlighting the continuing challenging environment for iPad, the segment's revenue was down 21% compared to the year-ago quarter in Q1 and unit sales were down 25%.

With over 60% of Apple's revenue coming from iPhones, it's easy to judge Apple's iPad segment as unimportant. But representing about 9% of the company's revenue in Apple's most recent quarter, the segment is certainly still meaningful to Apple's overall business. Indeed, Apple's iPad segment was its second-largest source of revenue in the company's first fiscal quarter of 2016, generating $7 billion in revenue -- ahead of Mac revenue at $6.7 billion and Services revenue at $6.1 billion.

Given the overall negative momentum in the segment, it's unlikely that even a significant update to Apple's iPad segment will reinvigorate growth. But the iPad Air 3 could help to moderate a decline in the business and maybe even help Apple begin to hold sales in the segment steady throughout the year. Like IBM, Apple Should Shrink So It Can Grow Again  
2016-01-15
Apple May Be on Hook for $8 Billion in Taxes in Europe Probe Apple Inc. may be facing a hefty tax bill in Europe.

QuickTake Profit Shifting

The world s largest company could owe more than $8 billion in back taxes as a result of a European Commission investigation into its tax policies, according to an analysis by Matt Larson of Bloomberg Intelligence. Apple, which has said it will appeal an adverse ruling, is being scrutinized by regulators who have accused the iPhone maker of using subsidiaries in Ireland to avoid paying taxes on revenue generated outside the U.S.

Apple EU Timeline

The probe dates back to 2014 and a decision could come as soon as March.

The European Commission contends that Apple s corporate arrangement in Ireland allows it to calculate profits using more favorable accounting methods. Apple calculates its tax bill using low operating costs, a move that dramatically decreases what the company pays to the Irish government. While Apple generates about 55 percent of its revenue outside the U.S., its foreign tax rate is about 1.8 percent. If the Commission decides to enforce a tougher accounting standard, Apple may owe taxes at a 12.5 percent rate, on $64.1 billion in profit generated from 2004 to 2012, according to Larson, a litigation analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence.

Apple Reasons

Tax Bills

Apple is perhaps the highest-profile case of U.S. companies facing scrutiny from officials in Europe. Starbucks Corp., Amazon.com Inc. and McDonalds Corp. also have had its tax policies questioned.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Several senators came to the defense of U.S. companies on Friday. In a letter to U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, bipartisan members of the Senate Finance Committee asked the administration to make sure that European regulators won t impose retroactive penalties like those that would hit Apple. The senators said the companies may be facing "discriminatory taxation" and that the U.S. government should consider retaliatory measures if European tax authorities follow through with their actions against Apple and others.

"Predictable tax policy fosters a fair and stable environment for business and investment," the senators wrote in a letter to Lew. "Going back in time to penalize taxpayers under a new law, or a new interpretation of an existing law without notice, runs counter to that objective."

In October, Apple listed scrutiny of its taxes as a risk factor to investors. In addition to European regulators, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service has also examined the company s tax returns, Apple said. Were the tax rates to change, Apple s "financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected," the company said in its financial statement for fiscal 2015.

Apple Tax Calculation

Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has denied that the company uses tricks to avoid paying taxes. In a recent interview on CBS Corp. s "60 Minutes," he called the criticism the company has faced from U.S. lawmakers "political crap." He said the tax system is outdated and needs to be updated for a digital economy.

Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Apple, declined to comment. Ricardo Cardoso, a European Commission spokesman, declined to comment. Why Apple, Inc.'s Board Wants You to Vote Against This Diversity Proposal Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) annual shareholder meeting is right around the corner: It takes place on Feb. 26.

The topic of diversity has been coming up a lot lately in Silicon Valley, which is a legitimate issue considering the dominance of white males throughout the tech industry. Many tech giants, including Apple, have now started to release regular diversity reports that lay out statistics regarding their workforces.

With that in mind, you might think that Apple would be supportive of a shareholder proposal to increase diversity at the company's highest levels. You'd be wrong, and here's why it's appropriate for Apple's board to be pushing back.

Aye or nay?

In the proxy statement, an individual shareholder has proposed that Apple implement "an accelerated recruitment policy" that requires the company to increase the diversity of senior management and the board of directors. The shareholder does not believe that minorities are adequately represented. The shareholder believes this is contrary to Apple's stated diversity policies.

Apple's board is recommending that shareholders vote against the proposal.

Four more years! Four more years!

The proposal in question is flawed because it could be analogous to affirmative action, which has been controversial for decades due to the potential for reverse discrimination. Even though Apple senior management and board of directors does include a disproportionate number of white males, that shouldn't undermine the company's overall philosophy toward diversity.

Keep in mind that these are quite qualified white males that have earned their stripes and worked their way to the top. As an investor, I wouldn't want anyone other than Tim Cook running the company right now, and he also happens to be one of the most prominent CEOs that is openly gay.

Apple has added a few women to its executive ranks recently, including Angela Ahrendts (SVP of retail), Lisa Jackson (VP of environmental policy), and Denise Young Smith (VP of HR). African-American James Bell (former longtime Boeing CFO) joined the board just a few months ago, while Andrea Jung (former Avon CEO) has long sat on the board. Apple notes that it actively seeks out qualified women and individuals from minority groups when looking for board nominees.

Since the shareholder proposal focuses only on senior management and the board, we're talking about two relatively small groups of people. That's part of the problem.

Think bigger picture

Apple is very committed to diversity, but on a much larger scale than just its management team or board of directors. It's an important aspect of Apple's culture, so much so that Tim Cook sent out a companywide email just a few months ago when a group of black teenage students were racially discriminated against at an Apple Store in Australia. Cook called the incident "unacceptable" and said it "does not represent [Apple's] values."

At the same time, Cook has acknowledged that while Apple has made progress with diversity, it still has "a lot more work to be done." But implementing a recruitment policy for management and the board that puts gender or race above qualifications is misguided, particularly as Apple has already made it clear that diversity is a core value for the Mac maker. The Force Touch Is Not With This Apple, Inc. Supplier The steady stream of evidence that iPhone sales are indeed slowing continues. Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) has just revised its guidance lower for the fourth quarter, which doesn't bode well for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), either.

Analog Devices provides the microcontroller that facilitates the new Force Touch feature in the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and the company has acknowledged that a lot of the prior guidance range was being driven by a "specific product" that is "specific to one customer."

Moving on down

Now, Analog Devices expects sales to come in between $745 million to $765 million, down from the prior outlook of $805 million to $855 million. Analysts were modeling for the company to put up $830 million in revenue.

In no uncertain terms, the chipmaker attributes the lower sales to weakness in its "portable consumer business unit" that began in December and is expected to continue into the current quarter. Analog Devices says demand for its other business segments are still on track.

What it means for Apple and Analog

This is certainly a blow to Analog Devices, as its consumer segment has been an important growth driver. The consumer business comprised about a third of revenue last quarter at $317.4 million. That was up 53% sequentially and 234% year over year. Slower demand within this business hurts, but it isn't fatal by any means, since Analog Devices is diversified in many other sectors like industrial, automotive, and communications.

Apple, on the other hand, is far more susceptible to changing sentiments around its iPhone business. The Mac maker's weakness over the past month can be entirely attributed to negative storylines regarding iPhone demand, with various rumors that Apple is reducing orders at its suppliers. Analog's release reinforces these storylines.

Is Force Touch a flop?

It was obvious long ago that Force Touch would be the key selling feature of the iPhone 6s, even before Apple officially announced it. Apple Watch's 3D Touch was the clear precursor, and it seems that perhaps Force Touch isn't the effective upgrade driver that Apple had hoped.

The timing couldn't be worse, either. The possibility of an unsuccessful iPhone launch has always been a huge risk factor for Apple, and a potentially underwhelming upgrade cycle is coming at a time when the iPhone's growth potential is being questioned. It's not that the iPhone 6s is necessarily "unsuccessful," but it could be worse than expected.

A lack of interest in Force Touch also has implications for the iPad. The feature is expected to make its way to Apple's tablet eventually, even if it takes time to technically achieve it on the much larger display. But if the demand isn't there, Apple may not be able to rely on Force Touch to drive iPad upgrades either.

Apple has said that it expects the iPhone to grow in the fourth quarter, both in terms of revenue and units. That outcome is seemingly less likely by the day. 
2016-02-11
Why This Apple Inc. Chip Rumor Is Likely False A report from The Electronic Times (via MacRumors) claims that contract chip manufacturer TSMC (NYSE:TSM) will be the sole manufacturer of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next generation applications processor known as the A10.

This is something that I believe, having confirmed it with a source familiar with Apple's plans back in October after Taiwan's Commercial Times first broke the story.

Where I believe The Electronic Times gets it wrong is that it claims that the A10 will be manufactured on TSMC's 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology. There is essentially zero chance that this is true. Here's why.

Understanding when TSMC plans to go into production on 10-nanometer

TSMC has publicly said that it will begin mass production of products on its 10-nanometer technology in late 2016 and will begin to recognize revenue in the first quarter of 2017. Given that Apple is expected to launch its next generation iPhone in September (which would suggest production start in June, as the article claims), this is a complete non-starter.

Unless TSMC has dramatically pulled in its 10-nanometer schedule (something that it likely would have announced on its most recent earnings call), there is practically no chance that the A10 will be built on a 10-nanometer process.

The A10 is said to be built on TSMC 16 FinFET Plus

According to a source familiar with Apple's plans, the A10 will in fact be manufactured solely on the company's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology, the very same that was used to manufacture a portion of the A9 processors that made it to the marketplace inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

Although Apple won't enjoy the significant benefits that come with a new manufacturing process with the A10, the iDevice maker's chip teams should still be able to deliver some very substantial performance and power improvements by way of design/architecture enhancements.

Look for a 10-nanometer A11 and a 7-nanometer A12

Although this year Apple won't move to a new manufacturing technology, I expect that Apple will deliver something of a "one-two" punch with the A11 and A12 in the 2017 and 2018 iPhones, respectively.

The A11 should be the first Apple processor built on TSMC's 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology -- expect this one to power the 2017 iPhone 7s. The move to 10-nanometer should enable performance improvements by way of more efficient transistors as well as the ability to pack more of them into a given chip area.

TSMC has made it clear, though, that the 10-nanometer manufacturing technology is intended to be a "short" node; much of the equipment that is put into place to support 10-nanometer production is expected to be converted over to support 7-nanometer production.

I expect that the A12 will be built on TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, which should enable both a nice boost in performance as well as room to really boost the number of transistors that Apple can pack into the chip. Since the technology is expected to go into production in the first half of 2018, it should be ready to support a broad iPhone 8/8 Plus launch in the fall of 2018.

By way of the advancements that TSMC is making in chip manufacturing technology, Apple investors should expect some very nice performance/power/functionality gains over the next couple of iPhone generations. I know that I can't wait! Apple Inc. Losing Ground to Samsung in This Important Market A big part of the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) story during its last product cycle has been market segment share gains against high-end Android vendors such as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). Indeed, as Samsung's mobile revenue plunged during the iPhone 6/6 Plus cycle, Apple's iPhone-related revenue soared.

Although it reported record iPhone shipments in the first quarter of its fiscal 2016 (albeit helped along with some channel inventory fill that wasn't there a year ago), Apple's revenue in the Americas region dropped 4% year over year.

At the same time, a new research report from market intelligence firm Parks Associates shows that in 2015, Samsung actually began to close the gap with Apple in terms of installed base share in the United States. Indeed, per the report, 31% of smartphone users now have Samsung devices, just 9 percentage points behind Apple at 40%.

It would appear, then, that Apple is losing unit share to Samsung in this region which, unsurprisingly, is Apple's largest.

Not totally apples-to-apples

It's important to note that Samsung tends to very aggressively cut prices on older-generation phones as well as even its latest phones mid-cycle. For example, the 32-gigabyte Galaxy S6, which launched less than a year ago, sells for just $460 or so without a contract.

Older Samsung devices, like the Galaxy S5, can be had for under $400 without a contract.

The 16-gigabyte iPhone 6, now more than a year old, still sells for $550 without a contract. For even more storage, a 64-gigabyte model is available for $650.

Moving up to Apple's latest phones, the 16-gigabyte iPhone 6s can be had for $650 ,and it'll run customers $750 to get the device in a 64-gigabyte configuration.

Although Apple and Samsung are clearly close in terms of unit share in North America, Apple obviously has a significant advantage in terms of average revenue and likely gross profit per device.

Maintain or grow share without sacrificing profitability?

As overall smartphone market growth wanes, Apple will need to focus on trying to grow market share to drive revenue growth. Additionally, since Apple seems interested in growing its installed base in a bid to further monetize it, unit/share growth will be critical.

One thing that I can see working in Apple's favor is the iPhone 7 cycle. In addition to potentially catalyzing an upgrade cycle among the current installed base, it is likely to waterfall the current iPhone 6s/6s Plus phones to the price points that the iPhone 6/6 Plus currently occupy.

Where things have the potential to get even more interesting, though, is that Apple could actually keep the iPhone 6/6 Plus around and push them to even lower price points following the iPhone 7/7 Plus launches. This would put the 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 at $450 and the 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus at $550.

These prices are still fairly high as far as the overall smartphone market goes, but as far as iPhones go, they're quite inexpensive. And although those phones will be a couple of generations old by then, they'll still be excellent large-screen devices that could serve as a nice, low-cost entry point into the Apple ecosystem for budget-conscious smartphone customers.

And, of course, for customers who want a smaller screen, the rumored upcoming iPhone 5se should do quite nicely, especially since it is said to have better internal specifications than the iPhone 6/6 Plus. 
2016-09-05
Fitch says Apple ruling may help Ireland fiscals, but presents risks  
2016-01-26
Is This Why Apple Inc. Isn't Releasing Apple Watch 2 Until the Fall? There had been reports previously suggesting that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) planned to release an all-new Apple Watch, dubbed the Apple Watch 2, in the Spring. However, more recent reports suggest that the iDevice maker will hold off until this fall in order to deliver a completely revamped Apple Watch.

In this article, I'd like to explain why I believe that Apple might be holding off to launch this second generation Apple Watch.

The answer may lie in the chips

The previous generation Apple Watch uses a system-in-package known as the Apple S1. At the heart of the S1 is an Apple-designed applications processor. Not too much is known about it, but according to an analysis performed by AnandTech, it probably features a single-core Cortex A7 processor running at just 520MHz.

The device is also believed to feature a relatively dated GPU block from Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF).

All of this of course is built on Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) 28-nanometer LP process, per AnandTech.

In order for Apple to deliver a big boost in performance/features, I believe it will need to migrate to a 14/16-nanometer FinFET class manufacturing technology. Not only should the area shrink delivered by these technologies allow Apple to pack more functionality into the chip, but the transistors themselves can switch quicker, allowing the chip to run at a higher speed.

So, what does this have to do with the Apple Watch 2 timing?

What process would an S2 chip be built on?

I believe that Apple will build the applications processor that will be at the heart of the S2 system-in-package on TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) 16FFC technology. This is said to be a "compact" (read: lower cost) version of the higher performance 16FF+ technology that TSMC builds some of the Apple A9 and all of the A9X chips on.

TSMC has also been pitching this technology as ideal for wearable applications.

According to TSMC on its most recent earnings call, it will begin volume production on 16FFC later this quarter. Given that DigiTimes says that the second generation Apple Watch will go into production in the second quarter, this timeline lines up nicely.

Apple Watch 2 may not help much in FY2016, but should be a growth driver in FY2017

Given the apparent launch timing of the second generation Apple Watch, it is unlikely to have a material impact on the financials in the current fiscal year -- the first generation Apple Watch will have to hold the line for the time being.

The good news is that by pushing the meat of the Apple Watch 2 ramp into fiscal year 2017, Apple should have a number of really interesting growth drivers working for it. The next generation Apple Watch should do better in the marketplace than the first generation has and will, and Apple should also enjoy a year-over-year revenue boost associated with iPhone 7/7 Plus in that fiscal year.

Although fiscal year 2016 is looking as though it's going to be a rough one for the iDevice maker (and I'm putting it mildly), fiscal year 2017 could be Apple's best yet from a total revenue and potentially a profit perspective. The Core Guide to Apple Inc. When people think Apple Inc. ( AAPL ), they primarily associate the multinational, Silicon Valley-based corporation with iPods, MacBook Pros, iTunes, and the company's founder Steve Jobs. Some people believe Mr. Jobs to be a visionary who revolutionized the way individuals interact with technology, while others do not quite understand the hype.

What Apple Inc. is not always associated with is its multiple subsidiaries, the number of companies it purchases, and how the corporation is organized. This is due to the company being rather secretive with its finances.

As of January 2016, Apple is publically known to have acquired 70 companies. The actual total is potentially larger as Apple does not reveal the majority of its acquisitions, unless they are discovered by journals. The purchased companies, for the most part, are then integrated into existing projects.

Due to Apple's concealment of its business operations, the following is a guide to what is known about how Apple Inc. is organized.

1. Anobit

Image via cultofmac.com

Information about Anobit is relatively small. Anobit is a fabless semiconductor company based in Israel that makes a key component that improves the performance of NAND flash memory chips, which are used in iPhones, iPads, iPods, and MacBook Airs. Apple bought the company back in 2012 for an unconfirmed price; it is speculated to be between $400 million and $500 million.

Apple bought Anobit for two reasons: one, Anobit's flash memory controllers are a key component of aforementioned Apple products, and two, Apple added a large team of chip engineers to its payroll. Apple had at least 1,000 chip engineers, and according to TechCrunch , roughly 160 of Anobit's 200 employees were engineers.

2. Apple Operations International, Et. Al

Image via qz.com

According to a 2013 report by a Congressional panel per The New York Times , Apple has avoided billions of dollars in taxes through the use of international subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are: Apple Operations International (AOI), Apple Operations Europe (AOE), and Apple Sales International (ASI). These subsidiaries are headquartered in Ireland where the company has negotiated a special tax rate of 2%.

These subsidiaries contract manufacturers to assemble Apple products, sell the products to other subsidiaries for distribution, and then return the profits back to the three main subsidiaries, in the form of dividends. Furthermore, some of these other smaller subsidiaries do not have a stated tax residence and pay no taxes at all.

Here is the breakdown: AOI is fully owned by Apple Inc., and is the holding company that receives the dividends from most of Apple's offshore affiliates. It has no physical presence and has never had any employees. AOE is a subsidiary of Apple Operations International, and manufactured a line of specialty computers for sale in Europe.

Finally, ASI is the company that contracts with third-party manufacturers in China to make Apple products. Those products are then sold to Apple Distribution International. Apple Sales International paid little or no tax on $74 billion in profit made from 2009 to 2012.

3. Apple Store

Image via wikipedia.org

It is rather safe to claim that most individuals in the world are at least faintly aware of the existence of this aspect of Apple's business and therefore, there is not too much information to detail. The Apple Store is the physical retail store that sells Apple products. The stores sell Macintosh computers, software, iPods, iPads, iPhones, Apple Watches, Apple TV, and select third-party accessories.

If you have never been into an Apple Store, bless your heart. Depending on the time and day, these stores can become very hectic and overwhelming. There are people everywhere, either perusing the products to come to a decision of whether to purchase an item or not, or simply hanging out to exploit the free Internet access. Purchasing an Apple product can be rather expensive for individuals who simply use a computer for basic computing tasks like Internet browsing, email, and word processing. The perusing is necessary.

Apple Store revenues played an important role in the company's 2015 fourth quarter earnings . Apple reported quarterly revenue of $51.5 billion and quarterly net profit of $11.1 billion, compared to revenue of $42.1 billion and net profit of $8.5 billion in the prior year's quarter.

The company contributes this 22% increase in revenues to records sales of the iPhone, Apple Watch, and Mac computers, which are all available at the Apple Store.

4. Beats Electronic

Dr. Dre (left) & LeBron James (right). Image via ibtimes.co.uk

Back on August 1st, 2014, Apple Inc. officially announced its acquisition of Beats Electronic LLC. This acquisition was the largest in the company's history. The deal was worth $3 billion for the company founded by music industry moguls Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre.

"Music has always held a special place in our hearts, and we're thrilled to join forces with a group of people who love it as much as we do," Apple said in a statement on its website. "We're delighted to be working with the team to elevate that experience even further."

Just in case you are not familiar with Beats Electronic, this division of Apple produces trendy, yet overpriced, audio products - primarily headphones and speakers. You know the colorful headphones you see many athletes wear on their heads during warm up or entering the arena? Those are made by Beats.

5. Braeburn Capital

Image via blogs.rgj.com

Named after the Granny Smith and Lady Hamilton apple hybrid, Braeburn Capital's sole purpose - just like Apple Operations International - is to avoid paying taxes. Apple created the Reno, Nevada-based company in 2006 as an asset management company.

Apple's headquarters may be located in Cupertino, Calif, but by placing an office in Reno - roughly 200 miles away from headquarters - to collect and invest the company's profits, Apple sidesteps state income taxes on some of those gains.

California's corporate tax rate is 8.84%, compared to Nevada's whopping 0%. Setting up an office in Reno is just one of many legal methods Apple uses to reduce its worldwide tax bill by billions of dollars each year.

6. FileMaker Inc.

Image via realwire.com

If you were to visit the FileMaker website , wondering what the company offers, you will find it "makes software that transforms businesses by enabling users to create and run custom solutions that work seamlessly across iPad, iPhone, Windows, Mac and the web. Millions of people worldwide rely on the FileMaker Platform to share information, manage projects, track assets and more." This description can be labeled as "vague."

To simplify, FileMaker offers products to manage a company's data.

The company's premier product, FileMaker Pro, is capable of performing the following tasks: creating customizable databases, can automate certain tasks like generating email reports in PDF and Excel formats, publish information from a database onto the Internet, and can share information with Mac and Windows users.

According to the company's website, there have been over 20 million copies of FileMaker software have "delivered," over 1.5 million downloads of FileMaker Go for iPad and iPhone, and there are over 50,000 members of the FileMaker Community.

Final Thoughts

It is important to note that the purpose of two of these six Apple subsidiaries is to mitigate the amount of taxes the corporation must pay. If you are someone who finds Apple's manipulation of tax laws appalling, keep in mind that under the current financial system created, corporations like Apple are allowed to make business moves like creating Braeburn Capital and AOI to avoid paying taxes.

The primary goal for any business is to maximize profits, and if there are some loopholes in tax codes that allows them to not pay billions of dollars in taxes, so be it.

Nevertheless, Apple has a history of acquiring companies - either fusing them into projects or turning them into subsidiaries - to then develop some of the most popular gadgets in the world. Whether it is a headphone company, a face recognition company , a voice recognition company , or a company created by Steve Jobs whose technology became the basis of the OSX and iOS operating systems, Apple Inc. usually invests well.

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 1 Potential Reason That the Apple Inc. iPhone 6s Is Such a Disaster The Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were nothing short of epic products for the iDevice maker. Apple enjoyed a surge in sales due to both pent-up demand for large-screen iPhones as well as share gains against the various Android vendors.

However, anybody who hasn't been living under a proverbial rock knows that the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are turning out to be, in relative terms, a colossal flop. According to generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple will see slight year-over-year growth in fiscal Q1 (77 million phones versus 74.5 million the year before), but see iPhone unit shipments plunge 29.7% year over year.

That, in my book, is an unmitigated -- and inexcusable -- disaster.

Although some want to blame it on a tough high-end smartphone market, I'm not convinced that this is the only factor at play. Here's one reason that I think iPhone 6s/6s Plus may not have been the hit that Apple was hoping for.

iPhone 6s/6s Plus get beaten by the older Samsung Galaxy S6/S6 Edge in display/camera

Apple has generally prided itself on having a best-in-class camera sub-system as well as best-in-class displays. When the iPhone 6/6 Plus came out, Apple clearly led in both of these areas.

Interestingly, Tom's Hardware published a review of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus and I was stunned to see the following:

In terms of camera performance, the iPhone 6s were easily outmatched by the Samsung Galaxy S6/S6 edge in, according to the reviewer, "every condition [Tom's Hardware] tested." The 6s Plus doesn't do much better.

The reviewer also said that there was "no perceivable difference in image quality between [the iPhone 6s] and the iPhone 6"

Frankly, I'm stunned to see that Apple apparently "phoned it in" like this with respect to the iSight camera.

Furthermore, if the iPhone 6s/6s fared poorly in the marketplace at this level of competitiveness on the camera side of things, I can only imagine how much worse it gets when Samsung rolls out the S7 or when the LG G5, rumored to feature the dual-lens technology that Apple is said to be experimenting with, over the next month or so.

In terms of display, same deal. Apple chose not to update the display in any meaningful fashion from the iPhone 6/6 Plus in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, respectively, and the Tom's Hardware review shows the roughly one-year-old Galaxy S6/S6 Edge beating out the iPhone 6s/6s Plus where it counts:

Maximum display brightness

Contrast ratio (Samsung enjoys an OLED edge here)

Color accuracy

Color temperature

Color Gamut

Again, this will only get worse for Apple once the Galaxy S7 and other Android flagships hit the market in the March/April time frame.

Apple can't afford to do this again

I'm quite surprised that Apple allowed itself to fall behind something like the Galaxy S6/S6 Edge in areas that fundamentally matter to the user experience. Apple charges a significant premium for its products and buyers need to be assured that they are getting best-in-class quality in key areas like the camera and the display.

Of course, one could argue that it's the premium iOS experience that brings customers in and keeps them coming back for more, but I believe as the smartphone market matures, particularly the high end of the market, Apple will need to offer best-in-class specifications across the board.

With the iPhone 6s/6s, I believe Apple was "penny wise and dollar foolish." They might have saved a couple of bucks on the phone bill of materials by choosing the display/camera technology that they did, but I think that without a clear advantage over the Android vendors, Apple will find gaining additional high-end share increasingly difficult.

In my view, the incremental revenue that it could capture from ensuring best-in-class components/technologies in its phones would probably more than offset the slightly lower product margins.

Here's hoping, for the sake of its stockholders, that Apple picks it up with the iPhone 7/7 Plus and doesn't drop the ball with future iPhone generations. Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Q116 Earnings Whisper All eyes will be on Apple Inc. (AAPL) after today s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the tech giant to post $77.1 billion in sales during the quarter. This would show a 49.71% increase from the Q415 revenue of $51.5 billion, and an increase of 3.35% from the same period in Q115. EPS in Q116 are expected to come in at $3.23, a growth rate of 5.56% from $3.06 per share a year earlier. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $3.40 per share.

As a quick reminder, Apple reported Q415 EPS of $1.96, $0.08 better than the Street s consensus estimate. Revs increased 22.27% yoy to $51.5 billion vs. the $51.12 billion consensus.

Another important number analysts will be looking closely is that of iPhones sold during the holiday quarter. According to several reports, Cupertino has cut orders to its suppliers for phone components, indicating the company may not sell as many smartphones in early 2016 as originally anticipated. In the last six months, Apple s shares have fallen nearly 20% over concerns about slowing iPhone demand. Still, some have said the dip in Apple s stock is a buying opportunity. Piper Jaffray s Gene Munster said last week shares could jump more than 50% heading into the release of the iPhone 7 in September.

On valuation measures, Apple shares are priced at 10.93x this year s forecasted earnings, compared to the industry s 7.89x earnings multiple. The company s current year and next year EPS growth estimates stand at 2.90% and 9.80%, respectively. AAPL has a t-12 price-to-sales ratio of 2.42. EPS for the same period registers at $9.22.

Apple shares have declined 5.51% in the last 4 weeks and 10.47% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has gained 1.91%. The $558.86 billion market cap company has a median Street price target of $140.00 with a high target of $200.

Apple is down 8.23% year-over-year, compared with a 7.51% loss in the S&P 500. Is Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Virtual Reality Bigger Than It's Letting On? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may be one of the few tech giant's without a known virtual reality prototype product, but that doesn't mean the company isn't investing in the space. Indeed,its interest in VR was profiled this week when Apple confirmed to the Financial Times that it had made a key VR hire.

Sure, Apple hasn't yet demonstrated the confidence in the nascent technology that Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) did when it acquired Oculus VR for about $2 billion in 2014, but Apple is definitely making moves that signal its interest.

Here's what there is to know about Apple's apparently growing interest in VR.

Apple's VR hires

Apple's new hire, Doug Bowman, is a computer-science professor at Virginia Tech. He "leads the university's Center for Human-Computer Interaction," reported the The Wall Street Journal.

The Journal's Jack Nicas detailed Bowman's background:

Mr. Bowman has won awards for research into virtual and augmented reality, with projects such as "VR for Sports Anxiety" and "Llamas vs. Kiwis," an augmented-reality game that lets users manipulate digital characters in a tablet's view of the real world. Mr. Bowman was also a member of one of five teams in November to win $100,000 grants from Microsoft Corp. to conduct research with the company's augmented-reality Hololens glasses.

Bowman is one of several engineers in the space the company has hired since 2014, according to CNN Money's Hope King. Listing some of the hires Apple has made in the VR space, King lists Nick Thompson, who also worked on the HoloLens; Bennett Wilburn, who has worked on machine learning technology for "human activity recognition"; and Graham Myhre, who previously worked at Lytro.

Apple's silence about VR

Apple hasn't publicly endorsed the new technology or expressed optimism for it. This contrasts with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's bullish endorsement of the technology.

Zuckerberg goes as far as to predict that VR will become the next big platform for communication in the future. The CEO articulated how he imagined VR being used on a daily basis in a Facebook post when the company announced it was going to acquire Oculus.

"Immersive gaming will be first," he explained. But games are "just the start," he said.

This is really a new communication platform. By feeling truly present, you can share unbounded spaces and experiences with the people in your life. Imagine sharing not just moments with your friends online, but entire experiences and adventures. These are just some of the potential uses. By working with developers and partners across the industry, together we can build many more. One day, we believe this kind of immersive, augmented reality will become a part of daily life for billions of people.

Meanwhile, Apple's silence surrounding VR could be interpreted as skepticism toward the future of the technology. But another key hire in the space suggests that maybe the silence is simply representative of the company's long-held devotion to secrecy, which Apple has doubled down on in the Cook era. All Eyes on Apple Inc. (AAPL) Earnings This Evening: Analysts Weigh In The most anticipated report of the entire earnings season will be released after today s closing bell. Brean Capital analyst Ananda Baruah and BMO Capital analyst Tim Long weighed in on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) earnings.

Heading into this evening s call, Brean Capital s Ananda Baruah believes that Apples could be just on the heels of another adjustment to iPhone production. This should further heighten the anticipation for Apple s commentary regarding demand.

Baruah noted,  Our CY16 AAPL shipment view now is 210M   220M (from 230M previously), or a 5%   10% decline. Interestingly, we believe any new reductions may be across existing products (6s) and the upcoming 4 inch phone. While we re not sure why the new 4 inch phone builds would be reduced so much ahead of launch, our hunch is that given AAPL has been looking to reduce inventories that at this point they d rather have too little product as opposed to too much. 

Baruah reiterated a Buy rating on Apple shares, with a price target of $170, which implies an upside of 70% from current levels.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Ananda Baruah has a yearly average return of -10% and a 35% success rate. Baruah has a -14.5% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #3506 out of 3593 analysts.

Out of the 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 29 rate Apple stock a Buy, 5 rate the stock a Hold and 1 recommends a Sell. With a return potential of nearly 36%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $138.31.

Ahead of the earnings announcement, BMO Capital analyst Tim Long joined the crowd, maintaining an Outperform rating on AAPL, with a price target of $133.

With numerous supply chain data points pushing estimates lower over the past month, Long believes that all eyes will be on iPhone units. Most important will be March quarter shipments, which set the stage for the rest of the 6S cycle. The analyst says that the Street has become a little too negative on March iPhone expectations, with some expecting iPhone units into the low-40 million territory, and most in the mid-high 40 million range, well below his 56 million and the published consensus of 54.5 million.

Although Apple is unlikely to provide unit guidance, the analyst expects the overall revenue guide to help narrow down the range, which should offer some relief from the uncertainty that investors have experienced over the past two months.

Beyond the iPhone 6S and the Watch, Apple has released a number of new products over the past few quarters, including a refreshed Apple TV, iPad Pro, and Apple Music. Long noted that while none of these is likely to grow to be the size of the iPhone business, continued innovation beyond smartphones will become increasingly important over the next few years. The analyst wrote,  We are heading into a period where we should see a more than typical number of new products, including a potential Watch refresh, an updated four-inch iPhone, and an iPhone 7 and 7s. 

Long has a 38% overall success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 2% per recommendation. According to TipRanks. Long has a -7.3% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #1215 out of 3593 analysts. Apple Inc gives Q2 2016 revenue guidance below analysts' estimates  
2016-09-22
Battle of Dividends: Apple, Inc. vs. Microsoft Times have changed. Once the Street's growth darlings, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) are now mature dividend stocks. For much of their publicly traded existence, both companies were commonly known as growth investments; opting to reinvest their earnings into new opportunities and focus on growth meant investors looking for income had to turn elsewhere. But afters years of rapid growth, these two companies have now turned into stable cash cows, paying fat dividends to their shareholders.

Paying a dividend since 2004, income investors are likely used to thinking of Microsoft as an income investment. Apple, on the other hand, is a newer tech giant to the dividend scene, and many investors may still be warming up to the idea of the iPhone maker paying out a consistent stream of cash to investors. But even though Apple is a newer dividend stock option for income investors, it's a formidable one -- possibly even a better than Microsoft, depending on what prospective dividend investors are looking for.

For a better idea of how these dividend stocks compare, here's a close look at each.

A higher yield

Company Dividend Yield Payout Ratio 3-Year Dividend Compound Average Growth Rate 3-Year EPS Compound Average Growth Rate Microsoft 2.5% 66.1% 11.7% (8.4%)

During the last five years in particular, Microsoft has stood out as a solid dividend investment because of the stock's meaningful dividend yield. During this period, Microsoft's dividend yield has mostly remained between 2.25% and 3.15%. Today, Microsoft has a meaningful dividend yield of 2.5% -- well over the average dividend yield of 2.2% for stocks in the S&P 500.

Microsoft's dividend has also performed well when it comes to growth. Annual dividend payouts increased an average of 11.7% per year during the past three years.

But a close look at Microsoft's business suggests there's a chance the company may not be able to keep up dividend growth like this over the long haul. In particular, the company's average annual EPS decline during the past three years of 8.4% is a bad sign future dividend growth. If a similar trend continues over the next three years, management may be more reluctant to increase Microsoft's dividends at similar rates.

Notably, in light of Microsoft's recent success with its Office 365 cloud services and its commercial cloud server business, it looks like there's hope for EPS growth. Indeed, the Microsoft's non-GAAP EPS actually increased 11% year over year in the company's most recent quarter.

Greater growth prospects

Company Dividend Yield Payout Ratio 3-Year Dividend Compound Average Growth Rate 3-Year EPS Compound Average Growth Rate Apple 2% 24.8% 9% 13.5%

Apple's 2% dividend yield falls short of both Microsoft's and the average dividend yield of stocks in the S&P 500, but Apple stock stands out when it comes to dividend growth prospects.

While Apple's EPS has increased an average of 13.5% annually during the past three years, this isn't the main reason investors should expect meaningful growth in the company's dividend over the long haul. What does a better job of highlighting Apple's dividend growth potential is the company's extremely low payout ratio of just 24.8%. This means Apple is paying out only about one of every four dollars of its net income in dividends. A payout ratio this small means Apple can continue to increase its dividend for years to come even if the company struggles to grow EPS.

Overall, both stocks are good options for investors looking for income. But each stands out for a different reason. Microsoft looks like the better bet for investors looking for higher cash payouts today, and Apple looks like the winner when it comes to dividend growth prospects. Your First Look at the Apple Inc. A10X Processor Last year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. At the heart of this oversized tablet was a chip that the company dubbed the A9X. The A9X was something of a marvel when it made its debut -- it offered crazy performance levels for a relatively thin, light, and fanless tablet. It was also a very large chip manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) bleeding-edge 16-nanometer FinFET+.

Now the A9X is "old news" -- the A10 Fusion inside the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is now in the spotlight, sporting better CPU performance and more transistors than the already very impressive A9X.

Today, I'd like to offer up some interesting tidbits regarding Apple's next-generation iPad processor, which will presumably be called the A10X.

Manufacturing technology and more

Take a look at this snippet from an Apple chip engineer:

According to this job description, the A10X graphics processor going into the next iPad was completed on time and actually exceeded the company's goals with respect to performance, power, and area. Apple tends to have fairly aggressive targets to begin with, so the fact that Apple's team did better than expected is nothing but good news.

Good stuff, but that's not all.

Notice that the engineer mentioned that the team achieved all of this "while simultaneously adopting new process technology and design tools." In this case, "process technology" refers to the manufacturing technology that Apple will use for the chip.

We know that the A9X is manufactured in 16-nanometer FinFET+. A "new technology" for the A10X, then, would imply that we are looking at a 10-nanometer process from one of the two major contract chip manufacturers -- either TSMC or Samsung.

KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo reported earlier that the A10X would indeed be manufactured solely by TSMC, so that report -- in combination with the aforementioned findings -- should give investors some confidence that the A10X will be built on TSMC's 10-nanometer technology rather than Samsung's.

When will we see this in the market?

My guess is that Apple will take the opportunity to refresh its iPad lineup in the spring of 2017, a year after the company introduced the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. And given that Kuo referred to the next-generation iPad processor as the A10X rather than the A11X means that the new iPads should launch well in advance of the A11-chip-powered iPhone next fall.

What improvements should customers expect?

Apple was able to achieve what it did with the A10 Fusion chip in an area of 125 square millimeters on a variant of TSMC's 16-nanometer technology. The potential move to 10-nanometer should roughly double the number of transistors -- think of these as the base building blocks of a chip -- that the iDevice maker can pack into a given area.

My guess is that Apple will stick with two main processor cores, the same core count that's in the A10 Fusion, but it will use the performance and power benefits of the new manufacturing technology, coupled with the larger transistor budget that the iPad chip teams will have, to pack in a lot more graphics performance.

I also expect that the CPU cores that Apple includes will run at higher frequencies than the ones inside the A10 Fusion.

The A9X was essentially "laptop class" -- and we're not talking budget laptops, either -- and I believe that the A10X will rival what the very best thin, light, and fanless laptops at the time will offer.

With such incredible horsepower available to them, it'll also be interesting to see the kinds of new apps that developers will be able to bring to the iPad. 
2016-07-13
Apple Inc. Loses PC Market Share According to research firm IDC, the market for personal computers slumped 4.5% year over year, beating out its previous estimates of a 7.4% decline. Interestingly, as the overall market outperformed expectations, PC maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) actually saw its market segment share shrink year over year from 7.4% to 7.1% during the second quarter of the year.

Independent technology analyst Kurt Marko offered a succinct and, in my view, likely accurate view of why Apple may have ceded share to other personal computer makers:

What happens when you don't update your PC lineup for a couple years: Apple's PC Sales Fall Behind ASUS https://t.co/FReQ5UiAtQ   Kurt Marko (@krmarko) July 12, 2016

Although Apple has made some incremental improvements to its core MacBook Pro and MacBook Air product lines over the last two years, Marko's comment is fundamentally on point -- Apple hasn't released substantial updates to these products in a long time.

The bad news is that this kind of neglect of a core market is not the sort of behavior that investors should expect from one of the world's largest and most successful technologies companies; it's what one would expect from a company that's currently strapped for cash and can't afford to invest in newer, better products.

The good news, though, is that Apple seems to be on the verge of a long-awaited refresh of its MacBook lines, which could help to catalyze sales and, ultimately, recapture lost market share.

Major overhaul to the MacBook coming, per KGI



Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo with KGI Securities (via 9to5Mac) said back in May that new MacBook Pros are coming in the fourth quarter of 2016. These new MacBook Pros aren't expected to just be minor spec bumps of the current models, but instead fundamental redesigns of the computers.

Kuo claims that the new machines will, in typical Apple fashion, see reductions in weight as well as thickness. They will also reportedly come with Touch ID capability (something my former Foolish colleague Evan Niu mused about in an article published back in January of last year), an OLED touch bar to replace the physical function keys on the keyboard, and support for both USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3.

Additionally, I expect that the new systems will come with new Intel processors. The 13-inch MacBook Pro should see a one-generation improvement in processor performance, while the 15-inch MacBook Pro should enjoy a two-generation jump in processor performance.

Beyond those features, it's probably time for Apple to adopt new display panels on the new MacBook Pro systems. Apple has transitioned its iMacs and the 9.7-inch iPad Pro to displays that can display the DCI-P3 color space, a wider space than the sRGB color space that current MacBook Pro displays target. I fully expect to see wider color gamut displays on the next 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models.

The new MacBooks should help boost share

It seems reasonable to expect that newly refreshed MacBooks will help Apple regain share in the broader PC market. However, what Apple needs to do going forward is to not let its Mac lineup get as stale as it did with its current MacBook Air and MacBook Pro line of systems.

On Apple's most recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said that the company is "confident" in Apple's Mac business and in the company's "ability to continue to innovate and gain share in that area."

We'll see if this view is justified as the next couple of Mac product cycles play out. Positive Demand Trends for Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Microsoft Corporation (MSFT ... Apple Inc.

Two weeks ahead of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s earnings report, RBC Capital analyst, Amit Daryanani, weighed in on the stock.

The analyst believes that AAPL s unit sales should be up to expectations ahead of their earnings release. Daryanani believes that the potential for more muted gross margins exist ahead of Apple s September quarter and explains that the impact on gross margins could be due to sales of the iPhone SE preceding the release of the iPhone 7.

Daryanani affirms that iPhone ASP has been strong over the past two years mainly driven by increased storage and premium iPhone 6s/6s+ models. The analyst believes that the average sale price of the iPhone could decline slightly in CY16 to around $633. This decline in ASP is expected to be driven by a higher mix in sales of the iPhone SE and other lower-end models. The analyst upholds that demand for these lower-end products is outweighing supply.

The analyst explains that he sees Apple s stock trajectory as  stable to moderately higher  in lieu of an attractive valuation and a decline in iPhone easing.

Daryanani reiterates an Outperform rating for AAPL with a price target of $115.00.

According to TipRanks, Amit Daryanani is ranked #1,886 of 4,055 analysts. The analyst has a success rate of 51% and sees an average return of 0.6%. When rating AAPL, the analyst maintains a success rate of 48% and an average return of 6.6%.

TipRanks analytics shows a consensus target price of $123.25 for AAPL, marking a 26.51% upside from current prices. Currently, 82% of analysts issue a Buy rating for AAPL, while 15% maintain a Hold rating, and 3% uphold a Sell rating for the stock.

Microsoft Corporation

Raymond James analyst Michael Turits reiterated a Buy rating for Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) following the release of second quarter PC shipment data from both Gartner and IDC.

The data showed positive PC demand in the United States. The analyst explains that the report s estimates were relatively in-line with his expectations and provides that moderating PC declines are good for Microsoft.

According to the analyst,  2Q PC shipments slightly better than anticipated. Global 2Q PC shipments declined 5.2% according to Gartner and 4.5% according to IDC. While Gartner s figure was below its implied -2.3% March estimate, the decline was more modest than its implied -6.1% y/y June estimate.  In addition, North American PC markets turned positive for the first time in 5 quarters, and the analyst concedes that the Brexit has had minimal impact on shipment orders.

Turits reiterated a Strong Buy rating with a price target of $65 for MSFT.

Michael Turits is ranked #617 of 4,055 analysts on TipRanks and maintains a success rate of 53% with an average annual return of 9.2%. When rating MSFT, the analyst has a 43% success rate with an average profit of 4.7%.

According to TipRanks, the consensus price target for MSFT is $58.48, marking a 9.90% upside from current prices. 71% of analysts issue a Buy rating for Microsoft, 21% maintain a Hold rating, and 8% uphold a Sell rating for the stock. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock To Stay Range-Bound Until iPhone 7 Does the iPhone 7 have the potential to lift Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock out of the range it has been stuck in for some time? This is one of the big questions investors are faced with as we enter the final couple of weeks before the company s next earnings release.

Goldman expects a  modest  beat from Apple (AAPL)

In a report dated July 13, Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski and team said they expect Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to modestly exceed expectations for the June quarter. They believe demand for the 4-inch iPhone SE ended up being better than expected and that this will drive the earnings beat. They re expecting $42.6 billion in revenues for the June quarter, compared to the consensus of $42.2 billion and management s guide of $41 billion to $43 billion. They re looking for earnings of $1.43 per share, against Wall Street s estimate of $1.40 per share. They project 40.7 million iPhone units, compared to the consensus of 39.9 million, and an overall gross margin of 38.1%, compared to the Street s estimate of 37.8% and management s guide of 37.5% to 38%.

The Goldman team expects Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to guide for between $45 billion and $47 billion for the September quarter, which would be an 11% increase year over year at the midpoint. They continue to see the iPhone SE as a key driver in the  modest  improvement and are estimating an average selling price of $620 for the iPhone in the June quarter, representing a 6% year over year decline and 3.4% sequential decline. Despite the iPhone SE s pressure on Apple s overall gross margin, Jankowski and team believe the gross margin on Apple s Services was at 66% in the June quarter, thus offsetting the impact from the better-than-expected performance of the less expensive iPhone.

Will the iPhone 7 help AAPL stock break out of its range?

The Goldman team doesn t believe the June quarter earnings report will be much of a catalyst for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock because investors are so laser-focused on the iPhone 7, which is expected to be launched in September. It s generally believed that the iPhone 7 will only be a small incremental upgrade, and as a result, some analysts do not expect it to do well. However, the Goldman Sachs team believes it will sell better than most expect because their recent survey suggests  significant pent-up demand  in the U.S.

Going into the iPhone 7 launch, they estimate that the installed base sits at about 550 million, representing a 39% year over year increase and more than 75% increase from two years ago at the time of the iPhone 6 launch.

They believe this creates a setup for momentum to improve going into the December quarter and into next year when they expect a return to growth for the iPhone thanks to the iPhone 7. They also believe that more than 30% of the installed base still has an iPhone 5s or older, which means there could be pent-up demand. Additionally, their latest survey indicated that 16% of participants are planning to purchase an iPhone in the next three months.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares edged lower 0.16% to $97.26 in afternoon trading on Wednesday. 
2016-10-18
3 Things Apple Inc. Needs to Address on October 25 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to announce its financial results for the fourth quarter of its fiscal year 2016 and, more importantly, provide a forecast for how it expects its business to perform in the first quarter of its fiscal year 2017.

The first quarter in every Apple fiscal year represents the company's peak quarter, as it's the first full quarter that incorporates sales of the company's newest iPhone models, and iPhone sales comprise the majority of the company's revenue. Apple's performance in this quarter tends to set the pace for the remainder of the fiscal year, as it typically only does one flagship iPhone release in a given year.

With that in mind, here are three things that Apple management needs to address on its upcoming earnings call, after market close on Oct. 25.

How is iPhone 7 demand trending relative to iPhone 6s?

It is going to be absolutely critical for Apple to let investors in on how the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are selling, in aggregate, relative to last year's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Apple has insight into both its build plans and the number of iPhones it's shipping to its distribution partners (known as "sell-in"), and it is very likely that the company has gotten enough feedback from said distribution partners to know how quickly those units are being sold to end customers (known as "sell-through").

Early on in the iPhone lifecycle, Apple's sell-in is pretty much limited to its ability to crank out the new phones (as demand tends to exceed supply). However, after a while Apple's production capabilities improve and the initial surge of demand usually moderates, leading to a situation in which supply and demand are in sync (or "balanced").

Is end demand for the iPhone 7 series of smartphones faring better than that for the iPhone 6s series of phones? If the answer is "yes," then that might indicate that iPhone demand bottomed with the iPhone 6s series, alleviating some of the fears that the iPhone 6 (which outsold the iPhone 6s series) represented "peak iPhone."

If not, then I suspect investors will watch the next iPhone cycle very closely, as Apple is expected to bring a substantially redesigned set of smartphones then. If those devices fail to stimulate demand growth (assuming the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus don't do the trick), the iPhone 6 may truly have been "peak iPhone."

How are the iPhone SE and iPhone 6s doing?

Although much of the focus is going to be on how the flagship iPhones are doing, Apple still sells a reasonable quantity of mid-range smartphones (Apple now serves this market with the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus) and low-end smartphones (Apple uses the iPhone SE here).

It would be interesting to hear how demand for the iPhone SE, which Apple released back in March to tackle the $399 to $499 smartphone market, is holding up. Has this device been able to help push Apple's share in these price points meaningfully upwards?

Perhaps more important, though, would be commentary on how the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus sales are progressing, now that they have seen both price cuts and storage-capacity increases. In particular, how are sales of these phones progressing, relative to how the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus sold when they were Apple's mid-range offerings?

Insight into sales of these products may make it easier for investors to make educated guesses on how many iPhones the company will sell throughout fiscal year 2017.

The iPhone 7 mix question

The iPhone 7 cycle is unique in that the iPhone 7 Plus is far and away the superior phone to the vanilla iPhone 7. The camera is obviously superior on the iPhone 7 Plus (likely the biggest selling point for the larger phone over the smaller, for most people), and the display is sharper (while being just as color-accurate, according to several third-party tests).

Additionally, while the iPhone 7 seems to be in reasonable supply, many iPhone 7 Plus models are still quite hard to get hold of in a reasonable time frame.

Though it may simply be the case that the iPhone 7 Plus is much more difficult to manufacture than the iPhone 7, it may instead be that demand for the 7 Plus relative to the vanilla 7 this year is significantly higher than it has been for prior Plus models relative to their non-Plus counterparts.

That's something that I'd like to see Apple shine more light on.

If higher demand ultimately proves to be the cause, Apple could be looking at a boost in iPhone average selling prices, as iPhone 7 Plus models are $120 more expensive than their iPhone 7 counterparts. Such an average selling-price improvement from a mix shift would be amplified by the fact that this year's iPhone 7 Plus models sell for $20 more than their iPhone 6s Plus counterparts did, when they were Apple's flagships. No, Apple Inc.'s OLED Plans Aren't on Hold Over on Seeking Alpha (free membership required), contributor Nikhil Gupta offered up some commentary around a recent article in Nikkei, particularly as it relates to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) display sourcing plans. The Nikkei piece said that Foxconn and Sharp, the former having recently taken a large equity stake in the latter, will begin mass production of organic light emitting diode, or OLED, displays for smartphones in 2019.

Current Apple iPhones use liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, but the iDevice maker is expected to be actively working to make sure the technology and supplier infrastructure is in place for a transition to OLED displays. Apple is expected to adopt OLED technology on a premium model that sits above the 5.5-inch iPhone Plus model in the company's 2017 product lineup, per a previous report from Nikkei.

So what does this have to do with Gupta's comments? In his article, he argues that "with the recent fiasco of Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy Note 7 catching fire, and with reasons still unknown, Apple would not risk procuring OLED displays from Samsung."

The implication, then, is that if Apple has to wait for Foxconn and Sharp to get their act together in OLEDs, Apple's plans to release a premium iPhone next year with an OLED display may be in tatters.

That's not going to happen; here's why.

Displays don't explode

It's very likely that the Galaxy Note7's issues are, in some way, related to the batteries inside. After all, it is the batteries that are exploding. The problem may not be due to faulty battery packs themselves, but perhaps there is an issue with the design of the phone and how it interacts with the battery that caused those problems.

I don't think it's reasonable to blame the display itself.

Using Samsung-built displays should be fine

The reality of the situation is that Samsung Display is one of the only companies, if not the only one, capable of building OLED displays that can be used in high-volume smartphones today. Even LG, a major manufacturer of displays, still uses LCDs in its flagship smartphones -- though LG Display (NYSE:LPL) is reportedly making significant investments to enable a shift to flexible OLEDs at some point.

Not only should Apple be fine with using Samsung-built OLED displays, but if Apple wants to ship an iPhone with an OLED display during the second half of 2017, it might not have any choice but to source -- at least initially -- from Samsung.

Apple won't be tied to Samsung forever, though

Apple is unlikely to be happy to be tied to Samsung for too long, particularly given that the two companies are fierce competitors in the world of smartphones. The iDevice maker is surely going to work to enable other display manufactures, such as Foxconn/Sharp, as well as longtime LCD supplier Japan Display, to become important OLED display suppliers over time.

Indeed, it's pretty telling that Apple reportedly plans on only adopting a curved OLED display in a single ultra-premium model rather than across the board. With so few viable suppliers of mobile OLED displays today, the prices that Samsung can charge are likely substantially higher than what Apple's mobile LCD suppliers can.

This means that from both a margin perspective, as well as simply a supply availability perspective, Apple probably can't transition its entire iPhone lineup to OLEDs until later on.

Once all of the major mobile display vendors are able to successfully produce mobile OLEDs to Apple's specifications, pricing on mobile OLEDs should come down -- a positive for display buyers such as Apple and a potential negative for Samsung's mobile OLED margins and/or share at Apple for the longer term -- though the market opportunity is likely to be much larger as the supplier base grows. Apple Inc. Is Giving Siri a Helping Hand (AAPL) Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) has seen its early lead with Siri slip as competing personal digital assistants get smarter. Its rivals have invested heavily in machine learning and artificial intelligence, and that has paid off.

But Apple hopes to rectify that, hiring its first director of AI research in a bid to boost Siri s capabilities.

Siri Helped Take AI Mainstream, But Fell Behind

Apple didn t create Siri, but it did purchase its digital assistant as an app. Samsung (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ) actually bought the latest AI company from the Siri developers, but that s another story.

Once in the AAPL fold, Siri was baked into iOS and released in 2011 as a tentpole feature of the iPhone 4s. Since then, Apple has continued to improve the Siri experience and rolled it out to all its iOS devices, the Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac computers. But those improvements have been incremental   Siri s capabilities haven t taken a great leap forward.

As one of the early examples of mass market artificial intelligence, Siri did well, but AAPL s personal digital assistant has been falling behind.

Rivals Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) and especially Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) have invested heavily in AI, machine learning and the massive server infrastructure needed to support advancing the field.

As a result, in the time since Siri first appeared, Apple s personal digital assistant has in many ways been left behind by the competition: Cortana, Alexa, Google Now and the latest, Google Assistant. Apple continues to set the standard in seamless integration, but the artificial intelligence advantage the others hold has begun to pay off with the ability to answer more complex questions and predictive capabilities.

Google has really thrown down the gauntlet with its new Pixel smartphone, which incorporates Google Assistant as a key, exclusive feature.

Carnegie Mellon Professor Becomes Director of New AI Team

Yesterday, Russ Salakhutdinov tweeted that he was joining Apple as a director of AI research. In the same tweet, he invited applications to work with his new team at AAPL. The job posting is for research scientists in machine learning with a PhD. The new AI director is clearly looking to assemble a high profile group.

There are two significant points in this news.

Apple obviously is ramping up its investment in artificial intelligence. Less than two months ago, AAPL made headlines for a machine learning acquisition and formation of a devision with Apple dedicated to the technology. It s not immediately clear how closely integrated the new AI team will be with that machine learning division, but it only makes sense that they will be working closely together.

The second is the choice of Salakhutdinov to fill the director of AI role. Based at Carnegie Mellon University   recognized as being a leader in artificial intelligence research   he specializes in neural networks and deep learning. As CNET points out, his focus has led to being at the forefront of research on enabling AI to learn from raw data.

Successfully applying this sort of artificial intelligence research to Siri could result in a super-charged personal digital assistant that leapfrogs the competition. Outside of Siri, there also are applications for Apple services. For example, song recommendations based on user listening patterns on Apple Music.

Bottom Line

Apple s hire of Salakhutdinov is a signal that it s serious about artificial intelligence. The payoff for Siri is that Apple is laying the groundwork to make the leap from being the company that took personal digital assistants mainstream, to being the company with the  smartest. 

That would be more than bragging rights   it would be a key selling point to help move more iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple TVs and Apple Watches.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. 
2016-02-05
Apple, Inc. Still Has Plenty of Opportunities in Big iPhones Better late than never. Or in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) case, better late and better.

That's always been the iPhone maker's philosophy when it comes to product introductions. Apple cares very little about being first to market, so long as when it finally makes its way there that it has the best product. That was the case with large smartphones. Android OEMs capitalized on Apple's tardiness for a few years, and Apple drew some criticism, but 2014's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were massively successful as the company finally moved to 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays, respectively.

And there's more where that came from.

Not everybody's doing it

Third-party web analytics researcher Mixpanel tracks the composition of iPhone models out in the wild. The most recent data suggests that 32% of the installed base are still using a 4-inch model like the iPhone 5, 5, or 5s. As some of these users upgrade to larger displays, since that's the general trend that consumer preferences are taking, then Apple still has some untapped opportunities with its bigger models.

Don't just take Mixpanel's word for it, either. On the past few conference calls, CEO Tim Cook has given very specific data points as to what portion of the installed base has not yet upgraded. The official figures are show even more upside compared to Mixpanel's.

Apple measures the number of users that had an iPhone prior to September 2014 (when the larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched), and this is how many that have not upgraded and the related inverse.

Conference Call Dates July 2015 October 2015 January 2016 Percentage of install base that has not upgraded to larger displays 73% 69% 60% Percentage of install base that has upgraded to larger displays 27% 31% 40%

The iPhone install base continues to shift gradually toward the larger displays, which not only boosts Apple's unit sales but also average selling prices since the larger models cost more and utilize that wonderful new storage pricing structure.

2 opportunities for the price of 1

So investors know that 60% of iPhone users have made the jump to larger displays. But it's not as if everyone wants a larger iPhone. There is still considerable demand for 4-inch iPhones. On the last call, Cook added, "And we continue to offer the iPhone 5s in the market and it continues to do quite well. And so we offer all of those, and I don't see us deviating from that approach."

This is also why it makes sense for Apple to release an updated 4-inch iPhone, since it will stimulate demand within the segment for smaller iPhones, although I tend to disagree with the rumored name for the device. Apple, Inc has filed for mistrial in $625M VirnetX lawsuit After objecting to the closing arguments made by Caldwell, Cassady & Curry attorneys representing VirnetX, Apple has now filed a motion for mistrial in the case that awarded a $625 million verdict after just a week of testimony and deliberation.





VirnetX headquarters: a Lake Tahoe home far from East Texas

Why East Texas?

According to a report by Texas Lawyer, Apple's motion for mistral argues that VirnetX lawyers' closing remarks to the jury included "arguments outside the evidence and blatantly misrepresented the testimony of Apple's witnesses."The East Texas trial made headlines this week after a jury returned a verdict finding Apple guilty of willfully infringing on four VirnetX patents in products including iMessage, FaceTime and VPN services.A previous trial held in 2012 had earlier awarded VirnetX $368.2 million, but that verdict was vacated on appeal last September. As part of its appellate ruling, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit called for a damages retrial.VirnetX, disparagingly referred to as a patent troll, filed its case in the town of Tyler, Texas, within the state's Eastern District, despite the fact that the patent holding company is headquartered in the tiny Lake Tahoe village of Zephyr Cove, Nevada, next to Stateline casinos and the Heavenly ski resort at the resort town of South Lake Tahoe.Texas' Eastern District has emerged as the "patent litigation capital of America" over the past few decades. In 2014, Texas Monthly profiled why Tyler and its nearby neighboring town of Marshall have become plaintiffs' preferred location for the majority of patent cases, despite the fact that most U.S companies are incorporated in Delaware. (Apple is incorporated in California, just over three hours west of Lake Tahoe).It began with Texas Instruments in the mid-80s, which saved itself from bankruptcy by "turning its patent portfolio into a profit machine," the report noted, "aggressively suing other tech giants for infringing on its patents for the integrated circuit and microprocessor."Within a decade, TI was earning more from patent lawsuits than it was from operations. However, as Federal Court dockets in Dallas, Texas grew clogged with drug-related criminal cases, TI moved its litigation further east to the small town of Marshall, which lacked an FBI office or U.S. attorney, resulting in a light caseload of criminal complaints.The small towns of East Texas were also "ideal venue for intellectual property debates," the article noted, because the resident juror pool was largely uneducated ("only 20 percent of the towns adult population hold bachelor's degrees") while also having grown up "on the edge of one of the world's richest oil reservoirs, and royalty battles with oil companies have created a strong sense of property rights, whether they relate to patents or minerals."Former federal magistrate judge Judith Guthrie was cited as noting that the area was "always popular with plaintiff's lawyers. The perception was that juries weren't as sophisticated as in other parts of the district."Judges in the district have also set up rules for rapidly processing cases, resulting it being called "the rocket docket," another contributing factor to its attraction of companies seeking quick and easy verdicts on complex intellectual property claims.Companies that actually build products, such as Apple and Google, have been lobbying Congress to close the loopholes that allow "non practicing" patent trolls to drag firms into East Texas courts for easy, streamlined verdict awards that involve little significant argument and generate huge jury awards that embolden trolls to continue.President Obama has repeatedly addressed "costly, needless" patent litigation in his State of the Union addresses as an American problem that needs to be addressed, while at the opposite end of the political spectrum, Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia has similarly referred to East Texas as being a "renegade jurisdiction." 
2016-02-01
Here's How Much India Matters to Apple Inc. During its first-quarter earnings, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported that sales across the Greater China area, one of its most promising markets, only rose 14% annually. That's a significant slowdown from 99% growth in the previous quarter and 70% growth a year earlier. During the conference call, CEO Tim Cook admitted that although Apple saw "signs of economic softness in Greater China," he remained "very confident about the long-term potential of the China market."



Investors weren't impressed. Apple's slowdown in China, its anemic 0.4% annual growth in iPhone sales, and its forecast for a year-over-year decline in second-quarter sales caused its stock to tumble nearly 7% on Jan. 27. However, many investors overlooked a bright spot in Apple's earnings report: India.

Why India matters

CFO Luca Maestri stated that Apple's iPhone sales grew 76% annually in India during the first quarter. Maestri didn't disclose how many iPhones were actually sold there, but Counterpoint Research pegs the figure at 800,000. While that would represent just 1% of Apple's iPhone shipments last quarter, that percentage could keep climbing for two reasons.

First, India's middle and upper classes are growing, which is fueling demand for brand-name goods. Euromonitor International estimates that the country's luxury goods market could grow 86% in constant value terms between 2013 and 2018; China's luxury market is only expected to grow 74% during that period. Therefore, demand for Apple products as status symbols could grow in India as it did in China.

Second, India has a billion mobile subscribers, but only 160 million of those users owned smartphones last year, according to Nielsen Informate Mobile Insights. However, that figure is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 26% between 2013 and 2017. eMarketer believes India will overtake the U.S. this year as the world's second largest smartphone market, with over 200 million users. Much of that growth will be fueled by Indians under the age of 25, who account for 63% of smartphone users in the country.

Last August, Counterpoint claimed that Apple controlled 12% of China's smartphone market. If Apple can control just 10% of India's projected smartphone market by the end of 2016, it could theoretically add 20 million iPhones to its annual sales.

Challenges Apple faces in India

Unfortunately for Apple, the vast majority of Indian smartphone users still prefer low-end smartphones instead of premium ones. That's likely because India still has the lowest median per capita income among the four BRIC nations.



Last August, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google rebooted its Android One initiative in India after its initial batch of $100 devices failed to make an impression. During the relaunch, Google declared that its OEM partners would focus on $30 to $50 devices instead. Rajan Anandan, Google's VP and managing director of India and Southeast Asia, told the Financial Times that price range represented a "sweet spot" for mass adoption in India.

To gain ground in this market, Apple offered discounts, payment installment plans, and buyback programs for older devices. While this move bolstered sales, many Indian users are still buying older iPhones instead of the latest models. As a result, Apple's hardware base remains fragmented across the country -- Counterpoint reports that in December 2015, shipments of the iPhone 5s accounted for 64% of total shipments, while the iPhone 6 and 6s respectively accounted for just 31% and 5% of that total.

Is this why Apple needs a 4-inch iPhone?

Samsung, Micromax, and Lenovo were the top three smartphone brands in India last year, according to Canalys Mobility. Samsung controlled about a quarter of the market with its low- to mid-range devices, followed by Micromax and Lenovo. Canalys also notes that low-end Chinese players like Xiaomi and Vivo are gradually making inroads into the market.

In this market, Apple's top-tier iPhones remain niche products. This might be the reason Apple is reportedly developing a 4" iPhone, popularly dubbed the iPhone 5se. If the 5se costs significantly less than Apple's top-tier devices, it might tether more Indian users to its ecosystem and pave the way for future hardware upgrades.

Strategy Analytics analyst Neil Mawston recently told Fast Company that smaller and cheaper iPhones could appeal to customers in certain emerging markets like India, Africa, and some Asian countries like Vietnam, which have an abundance of "price-sensitive consumers or first-time smartphone buyers."

A short-term band-aid, not a long-term cure

The Indian market is becoming a new source of iPhone growth for Apple, but those gains could come a steep price. Slashing prices on existing iPhones and trying to gain market share with cheaper iPhones could hurt Apple's margins and dilute its premium appeal. More importantly, expanding into India still doesn't solve Apple's dependence on the iPhone or its glaring lack of promising new revenue streams. What Is Apple Inc. Spending All of Those R&D Dollars On? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been ramping up its research and development spending and there's little sign that the company is going to take its foot off the proverbial pedal anytime soon. In the last quarter alone, it invested just over $2.4 billion on research and development, a $509 million increase from the same period a year ago.

At the current spending run rate, Apple is now spending about $9.6 billion per year in research and development, putting it in the upper echelon of R&D spenders in the world of technology.

Although, as an outsider I don't have direct knowledge of everything that Apple is investing in, I think I have a pretty good idea about some of the things that it has been seriously investing in, driving this continued surge in research and development spending.

Chips, chips, and more chips

I think one area where Apple is investing very significantly is in chips. Its investments in the A-series processors that power its iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV devices only continue to grow, particularly as Apple seems to aim to deliver chips that are substantially ahead of those from the competition.

However, it's not just the company's A-series processors that get these chip-related R&D dollars. Apple is surely working on future iterations of its Touch ID technology, and there have been numerous reports that the company is working to develop its own integrated touch and display driver chips (it currently sources discrete touch controllers and display driver chips externally).

Finally, I'm quite sure that Apple is working on proprietary chip technologies to enable other, novel hardware features (and the requisite accompanying software) for its existing and future product lines.

Software and services

Consumers ultimately want to buy "experiences" these days and advancements in software are key to enabling those experiences. Apple needs to invest in enhancing iOS, adding in new APIs to allow for developers to take full advantage of new hardware features (such as 3D Touch, Touch ID, etc.) that the company brings to bear.

The same argument applies to Mac OS, although I suspect that Mac OS doesn't get as much attention as iOS by virtue of the fact that iOS-based devices bring in significantly more revenue than Mac OS systems do.

In addition to the core iOS/Mac OS products, Apple also needs to invest heavily in Watch OS. The hardware inside the Apple Watch will probably go through a similar period of hypergrowth in performance, which means that the software will be able to do a lot more. Taking full advantage of that hardware is going to be neither easy nor cheap.

Then, finally from the operating system side of things, Apple seems to be taking the Apple TV far more seriously than it has in previous years. The Apple TV now runs a new, and much more robust operating system than previous models did, known as tvOS, and Apple will need lots of sharp engineers to evolve this over time.

Beyond the operating systems, Apple also seems to be aggressively building out its software and services. Things like Apple Music, Apple Pay, iTunes, and likely a whole lot of other things that we don't even know about yet will require substantial investment to evolve over time, and I'm sure Apple is making those investments.

Totally new areas

As Apple's revenue has grown substantially, its ability to invest in totally new technologies has been significantly bolstered. There have been reports in the press about Apple having staffed up a fairly large team to try to build an electric, self-driving vehicle (the "Apple Car"), and recently there has been word that Apple is very seriously exploring virtual reality applications.

Although the business or revenue opportunities for Apple in these areas aren't clear yet, I have little doubt that a sizable portion of its increased research and development spending is going into projects like these. Google Parent Overtakes Apple as World's Most Valuable Company Google parent Alphabet Inc. is now the world s most valuable company, stealing the crown from Silicon Valley rival Apple Inc. after reporting higher profit and sales fueled by a booming advertising business that s supporting ambitious new projects.

Alphabet s shares rose 1.7 percent Tuesday, pushing its market capitalization to $531 billion. The Web company had been inching closer to the iPhone maker in recent weeks as investors lost confidence in Apple s smartphone business and wagered that Alphabet has a clearer path to growth. Apple first passed oil giant Exxon Mobil Corp. to become the world s most valuable company in 2011.

By changing its name and structure last year, Alphabet Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put the focus on the company s main Web business while giving more insight into investments in new areas such as artificial intelligence, self-driving cars, health technology and fast Internet access. Even though Apple has also been building expertise in cars and AI, the secretive company has kept much of that under wraps. With iPhone sales slowing and China s growth engine sputtering, Apple is on pace to post its first revenue decline in 15 years. Alphabet sales are estimated to climb 16 percent this year.

 Alphabet s core business looks very healthy,  Josh Olson, an analyst at Edward Jones & Co., said.  That s going to build investors  confidence about the other bets they ve been making. 

The shares of Mountain View, California-based Alphabet rose to $764.65, at the close in New York. Apple fell along with most other technology stocks, shedding 2 percent to $94.48. That gives the iPhone maker a market value of $523.9 billion.

Alphabet s fourth-quarter revenue, excluding sales passed on to partners, rose 19 percent to $17.3 billion. That exceeded analysts  average projection for $16.9 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Profit, before certain items, was $8.67 a share, beating the prediction for $8.08. The health of Google s main business and investor confidence in the company s ability to innovate has helped to more than double the stock price since 2012.

While Apple generates more than triple the revenue and profit of Google, investors focus more on future prospects than past performance. It s a market truism that s particularly acute in the technology industry, where new breakthroughs can rapidly undercut previously reliable business models. Apple and Alphabet s ascendance to half-trillion-dollar-plus valuations illustrates the premium investors put on U.S. technology companies. Five of the nine most valuable companies in the world are from the industry -- Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft Corp., Facebook Inc. and Amazon.com Inc.

Silicon Valley

Alphabet s new ranking is also a milestone for co-founders Page and Sergey Brin, who started the company as students at Stanford University in 1998 as a tool to more easily search the Internet. The duo still controls the company through a preferred stock structure, and are now among the richest people in the world.

Apple and Alphabet s business models represent opposite approaches to selling technology tools and products. Apple releases a small number of premium-priced products that connect to a slate of services such as iTunes and the App Store, while Alphabet relies on its free services that bring in enough users to let it profit from selling a huge quantity of advertising. The two companies had a cooperative relationship for many years, and former Google CEO Eric Schmidt sat on Apple s board. The alliance turned into a rivalry after Google released the smartphone software Android, which Apple co-founder Steve Jobs said copied Apple s designs, leading to multibillion-dollar patent lawsuits around the world.

Big Bets

Now Page and Brin are spending more of their time making sure that Alphabet will be able to out-innovate rivals, while leaving the day-to-day running of its main business to Google CEO Sundar Pichai. Pichai has devoted resources to buffing up ad products, introducing new formats while improving the delivery and accuracy of targeted marketing spots. That helped to boost total clicks on ads by 31 percent in the latest period, even as the average price for ads on Google s websites fell 16 percent.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Still, Google s newer divisions are expensive: Alphabet s  Other Bets  category had an operating loss of $3.57 billion for 2015, while revenue -- mainly from the Nest smart thermostat, Fiber fast-Internet access and health technology -- was just $448 million. At the same time, overall expenses were kept under control, making up 36 percent of revenue, compared with 37 percent a year earlier. Fourth-quarter net income rose to $4.92 billion from $4.68 billion a year earlier.

Though Apple also has a large services business from iPhone and iPad owners tapping into the App Store, iCloud and Apple Music, investors haven t yet been convinced that the business is enough to make up for slowing iPhone sales. Meanwhile, iPad sales have fallen for eight straight quarters, and Apple Watch sales remain modest.

For what it s worth, neither Alphabet nor Apple will be in the running for world s most valuable company by market value should Saudi Arabia decide to sell shares in the state-owned Saudi Aramco oil company. It s estimated that enterprise could be worth in excess of $2.5 trillion if publicly held. Apple Inc. in Ottawa: Slicing through the speculation about tech giant's plans ... With Apple Inc. s intentions still unclear, there is much speculation surrounding exactly what the arrival of the global technology heavyweight could mean to Ottawa s tech sector.

Apple has remained silent about its plans for a 22,000-square-foot space under renovation in Kanata (a suburb of Ottawa), or how its new vice-president of core operating systems, S bastian Marineau-Mes, will build out the company s Ottawa team.

But in the rumours and discussion spurred by Apple s pending arrival, some common themes are emerging. The most prominent is that its current space is just the beginning of what will become a much larger research and development centre that could employ as many as 200.

Related

That isn t so far-fetched. Apple is on a major research and development expansion, especially as it works toward creating new products, including some sort of Apple car or automotive-related product or service.

It has been luring talent from some of the world s top car companies, including Ford, Volkswagen and Fiat Chrysler. There have been discussions between Apple and BMW. It has hired engineers from electric car companies including Tesla Motor Co., so much so that some of Tesla s development initiatives have been affected.

And Apple appears to be finally looking outside its monster campus in Cupertino, Calif., for new bases of operation.

It recently announced new R&D facilities in Yokohama, Japan. In February it announced that its Herzliya, Israel, facility had grown to 700 employees, making it Apple s second-largest R&D lab, and a research team in Cambridge, Mass., that works on the Siri speech recognition system has been expanded. And it is considering building a massive R&D centre in San Jose, Calif.

Couple all of this with the hard financial facts.

According to Apple s most recent financial filings, research and development expenses grew to US$2.4 billion in the quarter ending in December, a 27-per-cent increase over the same quarter one year earlier. In fiscal 2015, R&D spending rose 34 per cent over 2014 levels to US$8.1 billion.

Apple is aggressively gearing up for something big.

The people at QNX know what they re doing, and Apple knows it.

With QNX Software Systems Inc. across the street in Kanata, and with Marineau-Mes, an automotive software and operating systems expert and former QNX executive, in Apple s employ, it s not difficult to envision the third-floor office at 411 Leggett Dr.   the Kanata address reported to be under renovations   transforming into something much grander.

Whether it will all work out as Apple hopes is another issue. Glenn Rowe, executive director of Ivey Publishing at Western University in London, Ont., studies employee movement among organizations. According to Rowe, superstar performers at one organization might be highly prized by competitors, but it s often difficult for them to perform up to the same standards somewhere else. Rowe believes that even the brightest stars of an organization function as part of a team. If they are removed from the support of their teammates, they falter.

 Apple has a lot of money and a lot of free cash, and if they want to spend it won t hurt them, but it may not work out in the long run,  said Rowe, adding that employees being wooed should consider their options carefully.  Whether it is a good strategic move is a different question. 

Still, Apple is the company that brought a revolution to the personal computer in 1984. It upended the market for personal music players in 2001 with the iPod, and that same year it forever changed the way we buy music with iTunes. The 2007 release of the iPhone changed the way people think of mobile devices as a whole. And when the iPad arrived in 2009, crowds lined up for the first time to acquire a tablet computer.

None of these was a new device. None was even a new idea. But they were markets in which the company had no experience, and Apple brought in talent and refined ideas from other businesses and ultimately did it better than anyone else. Which is why if Apple has its sights   and its massive US$200-billion cash reserves   on making a car, established players need to take notice.

Still, any automobile or automotive platform that Apple might make will only be as good as the software on which it runs. Which brings us back to Ottawa and Marineau-Mes and his former company. QNX s software runs on more than 50 per cent of the automobiles on the road today. Its superiority was responsible for the demise of Microsoft Corp. s much hyped Sync in-car operating system that was primarily associated with Ford.

The people at QNX know what they re doing, and Apple knows it. If Apple is preparing to give the world some bold new brand of automobile, then Ottawa s technology sector is poised to help in its delivery.

vpilieci@postmedia.com Apple Shouldn't Buy Netflix, Rather Hulu  Apple Inc - EU antitrust chief rejects U.S. criticism of Apple, Starbucks tax cases - Reuters  
2016-09-07
Highlights from Apple's September 2016 event  Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Specs Suggest Intel Corp. Modem Win It had been rumored for quite some time that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had decided to use cellular modem chips from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) in its upcoming iPhone 7 series of smartphones. After Apple's launch presentation and subsequent publication of the specifications of the new phones on its website, there is no longer any doubt that Intel has won a material portion of the iPhone order volumes.

The hard evidence

On the Apple website, the company provides the key technical specifications for both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. These specifications include lists of the various cellular standards and wireless bands that the phone supports.

Here's the wireless-band information for each iPhone model from the site:

This year, at least in the United States, Apple is offering two models each of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. One variant of each phone will support the CDMA standard (as the specifications above illustrate), while another from each won't.

This is almost certainly due to the fact that while modems manufactured by Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) support CDMA, Intel's do not. So, in order for Apple to source modems from both chipmakers, the company had to build two separate variants of each of its new phones.

Some additional observations

Notice that the model with CDMA support also supports TD-SCDMA, while the model that lacks CDMA does not. TD-SCDMA is a popular wireless standard in China, so expect that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models that Apple sells in China won't feature Intel's modems, but Qualcomm's.

In the United States, the phones sold through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, which allows the user flexibility in choosing carriers, will use the Qualcomm modem in order to allow for broader compatibility.

However, I would expect the phones sold through GSM carriers in the United States to use the Intel modem. This should make those carriers happy, because it makes it impossible for buyers of the phones they sell to use those phones on a CDMA network. This doesn't completely lock customers in, as a user with a GSM iPhone should still be able to switch to another GSM carrier -- so, say, from AT&T (NYSE:T) to T-Mobile US (NASDAQ:TMUS) or vice versa -- but it makes switching harder.

Looking ahead to the future

If Apple decides to continue to dual-source modems from both Qualcomm and Intel in the generation following the iPhone 7, it will once again have to offer one model without CDMA support, as Intel's next-generation modem -- the XMM 7480 -- doesn't support the standard.

I do believe that the follow-on modem, which The Oregonian revealed to be named the XMM 7560 when it wrote about a leaked memo from an Intel executive, may offer CDMA support. Remember that in late 2015, Intel picked up the CDMA assets from a company called VIA Telecom. If Intel executes well, it should be able to get that technology integrated into the XMM 7560 for the 2018 iPhone. Apple Inc. Has No Choice but to Adopt Curved Displays Writing for Seeking Alpha, Mark Hibben recently expressed his view that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)is unlikely to adopt curved AMOLED displays in the 2017 iPhone, contrary to a report from Nikkei Asian Review.

"Given the lack of practical value, and given Apple's proclivity to adopt its own unique look and feel, I don't see any motivation whatsoever for Apple to buy curved AMOLED displays," Hibben writes.

Though I respect Hibben's view, I don't agree. Here's why.

Curved displays have proved to be a real selling point for Samsung phones

Samsung's Galaxy S5 was reportedly a disappointment in the marketplace. In fact, The Wall Street Journal reported back in late 2014 that sales of the S5 came in a whopping 40% below expectations.

However, things seemingly began to turn around for Samsung's mobile group with the launch of the Galaxy S6. The S6 was fairly well received, and, in particular, the variant with a curved display seemed to catch consumers' attention.

Then, earlier this year, Samsung released two variants of the Galaxy S7 -- the vanilla model with a flat panel display and the "Edge" model with a curved display. Samsung said in its most recent earnings release that it enjoyed an improvement in its product mix because of "increased portion of Edge in S7."

Customers clearly find value in the curved displays on Samsung's phones. In fact, Samsung's renewed success in the premium portion of the smartphone market comes at a time when Apple is struggling to get its iPhone business back on a growth path.

Coincidence? I don't think so.

People want curved displays

At the end of the day, it's Apple's job to produce compelling and competitive products. If customers are attracted to the curved displays found on Samsung's latest phones, then I see little choice on Apple's part but to adopt a similar technology in future iPhones.

The good news for Apple is that it's very likely that management recognizes this competitive deficiency relative to Samsung (and the other smartphone vendors that are adopting Samsung's curved displays) and will engineer future products to eliminate that deficiency.

The more troubling issue

Perhaps the bigger issue for Apple is that it seems to be very poor at predicting trends in display technology and size trends. The company was woefully late to bringing out phones with larger screen displays, it's late to transitioning to OLED displays, and now it's behind the curve in a transition to curved OLED displays.

Apple will eventually catch up, and once it does, it should be able to regain some lost business in a similar fashion as to what happened when the company finally launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices.

However, if the iDevice maker wants to avoid being put in a position where it is losing market share to competitors, it needs to invest more aggressively in future display technology development.

That said, though Apple is hardly perfect, the company does seem to be able to learn from its mistakes. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that Apple has indeed been investing much more heavily in display technology to ensure that, in the future, it's a leader in this area and not just a (not-that-fast) follower. Apple Loses Something Big the iPhone 7 Can't Bring Back Whether writing about the iPhone sales slump or product developments, or anything else Apple-related, the story is ultimately about brand.

There's the storied history, although Microsoft is older. The return of Steve Jobs to run the beleaguered company, although he had been pushed out because he was so bad at delivering results at the time. There was the myth of perfect products, no matter what went wrong with them. Compare repeated problems with overheating and even recent injuries from iPhones with the burning battery problems of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7. Samsung recalled all the devices. Apple has weathered that storm repeatedly over the years. Even when the iPhone 4 had antenna problems, Jobs almost got away with blaming users.

Can't touch this

Apple has had an untouchable brand for decades. In fact, the term brand is insufficient for such attraction, like Harley-Davidson for many motorcycle enthusiasts. These are companies with a mystique. For the devotees, there is no questioning of the company and its choices. Similar to what you see in some political contests, people readjust their thinking to continue their support, readjusting reality to fit what they want and expect. It's a more generalized version of the Steve Jobs reality distortion field that depends on the willingness of the audience to suspend disbelief.

The willful suspension of disbelief is a key to live theater. People see a play and then pretend that the sets are real worlds, that the actors are actual people living through events. It is no coincidence that the approach Jobs took toward promoting Apple, and himself, was so theatrical.

But over time, things changed at the company. New products failed to deliver the level of appeal that the iPhone provided. Massive success made it increasingly difficult to surmount previous expectations. Other companies that made mobile phones caught up to Apple. By expanding its popularity into a much wider consumer audience, Apple no longer was an object of adoration by fans. Now it had to satisfy the real world. And then, carriers got tired of subsidizing phone sales, particularly as they didn't necessarily need the iPhone in the way they once did.

Things get ... ordinary

The loss of iPhone unit growth, along with the level of profit and revenue that followed, snapped the mystique. Tech writers were no longer rubes to suggest the company had weaknesses. In fact, such criticism gained a degree of popularity. Last night I caught part of the Charlie Rose show to hear a group of white men pontificate about the upcoming iPhone 7 -- and question where Apple was going. This morning, it was a local radio station with a host wondering about the need for a waterproof iPhone and recognizing that mandatory wireless ear pieces would likely cost a premium as Apple-authorized-only would be the commanded route to listening.

Even if the iPhone 7 is a relative hit (which I suspect might be the case), even if Apple again grows its sales (conditions in China and the lack of carrier subsidies suggest that former levels may be impossible to achieve), the magic has dissipated. Getting it in the first place was a matter of timing, perseverance, brilliant marketing, and the luck of being in the right conditions. Mystique is a collective action and experience. Once gone, regaining it may be impossible. Nintendo Is Soaring After Mario Joins The Apple App Store Nintendo Co., Ltd (ADR) (OTC: NTDOY) shares are soaring Wednesday afternoon. The stock's ADRs are getting an Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) boost.

Nintendo will be bringing the Mario series to Apple's App Store with the new "Super Mario Run" game.

It's been a crazy summer for Nintendo. The stock gained about 70 percent back in early July when Pokemon Go was all the rage. However, after hitting an all-time high of $37.37, it plummeted within a couple weeks after the company admitted that the game has a limited impact on Nintendo's bottom line.

Related Link: Will Pok mon Go Be An 'Enduring' Success?

Later in the event, Apple announced that Pokemon Go will come to the Apple Watch. Pokemon GO Plus will be integrated into the Apple system.

Shares of Nintendo's ADRs recently traded at $35.60, up 26 percent on the day.

Posted-In: Mario Pokemon Go Super Mario Super Mario RUnNews Events Movers Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple - Apple Watch Series 2 will be available beginning Sept. 16  
2016-02-03
Apple, Inc.'s Massive Market With Big Potential For Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), times have changed. In the second fiscal quarter of 2015, Apple's revenue jumped 27% from the year-ago quarter. And now the company is expecting revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2016 to decline from the year-ago period. This sudden shift in growth has investors wondering if the tech giant can return to growth. Is a return to growth on this horizon? It's definitely possible -- thanks to one massive market with big potential: Greater China.

First, here's a review of how Apple's rapidly growing revenue transformed into expectations for a year-over-year decline in the current quarter.

How Apple's revenue slowed

Apple's iPhone unit sales leaped in fiscal 2015 as the company benefited from high demand for its new form factor in the iPhone 6, which sported two versions with much larger displays than its predecessors. And, now, Apple's new iPhone 6s line, which it began selling shortly before Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2016 began, isn't living up to the blockbuster sales of its predecessor.

As it turns out, living up to a year of high growth when annual sales are well over $200 billion isn't easy -- particularly following a year in which the iPhone, which accounts for over 60% of sales, saw unit sales soar. Hence Apple's paltry 2% year-over-year revenue growth in the first fiscal quarter of 2016, along with Apple's guidance for revenue to decline by 9% to 14%, year over year, in Q2.

But Apple's Greater China market could eventually serve as an answer to the company's slowing revenue. Here's how.

The significance of Apple's Greater China market

During Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2016, one market stood out as the tech giant's fastest-growing market by far: Greater China. And particularly intriguing about this market is that not only is it Apple's fastest-growing market, but it's also now its second largest market.

Operating segment Revenue Growth (YOY) % of Total Revenue Americas (4%) 38.7% Europe 4% 23.6% Greater China 14% 24.2% Japan (12%) 6.3% Rest of Asia Pacific 4% 7.2%

Apple CEO Tim Cook shared a few more reasons to be optimistic about this market during the company's most recent earnings call:

iPhone sales in Greater China during Q1 were higher than ever.

App Store sales in the market were also at a record high.

iPhone sales in Mainland China were up 18% compared to the year-ago quarter.

Mac sales in Mainland China were up 27%, year over year.

Almost half of iPhones sold in Mainland China during Q1 were to first-time buyers.

Going forward, Cook cited low LTE penetration and a growing middle class as potential catalysts for growth over the long haul.

But it may take some time

Notably, however, Cook did seem to imply that Greater China many not be a meaningful catalyst in the near term.

"Notwithstanding these record results, we began to see some signs of economic softness in Greater China earlier this month, most notably in Hong Kong," Cook explained.

This "economic softness" in Greater China is likely one of the reasons the company is guiding for a year-over-year revenue decline in Q2.

Longer term, however, Cook said Apple is still confident in the long-term potential for Greater China to be a growth driver.

As Apple launches new products in Greater China, particularly its iPhone 7, which should sport a new form factor, Apple looks positioned to benefit from growth catalysts in the important market. And considering how significant the market is becoming to Apple's results, growth in the market could be a meaningful contributor to overall revenue growth over the long haul.

Investors should hope for the important market to help drive growth for the company as soon the fourth calendar quarter of 2016, which is Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2017. If the market isn't driving growth by then, Apple may be overestimating the market's potential. Apple, Inc.'s Making a Big Play in Virtual Reality All the recent talk about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been focused on the company's iPhone sales, and with good reason. Apple reported its Q1 2016 earnings recently, and sales of its revenue-driving smartphones slipped to their slowest growth since the iPhone debuted.

Despite this, or possibly because of it, Apple is always looking for the next device to help drive future growth. The company knows that one day iPhone sales may not be enough to keep Apple on its feet, and that additional technologies will need to bring in significant revenue.

That's why a recent article by the Financial Times is so intriguing. The publication said that Apple has made a big push into virtual reality (VR) over the past year through a series of acquisitions, new hires, and headset prototypes.

Of course, Apple isn't leading in this space. The company is following where Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) have already gone. These companies have already realized that VR could become a large part of the technology landscape, as well as a new source of revenue.

Virtually a no-brainer

The virtual reality market is expected to grow from $6.7 billion this year to $70 billion by 2020, according to TrendForce. That market size is simply too large for Apple ignore, and the Financial Times article points to several key areas that the company is already pursuing.

Apple recently purchased Flyby Media, a mobile augmented reality (AR) company, and also hired a prominent VR researcher, Doug Bowman, last month. The company has also posted job openings for virtual reality app makers, and has hired employees working on both AR and VR from other tech companies.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said on the latest company earnings call that virtual reality isn't a niche market, and that he thinks it has "some interesting applications." That's hardly conclusive evidence that the company is knee-deep into virtual reality, but it does show that Apple isn't shying away from the technology.

But if Apple is moving forward in VR, it's doing so as the field becomes increasingly competitive.

Fashionably late

Facebook already has one of the biggest head-starts in virtual reality. The company purchased Oculus back in 2014 for $2 billion, and will start shipping its first consumer headset next month.

Oculus is tackling VR from both the hardware and software angles, and makes both the Rift headset (priced at $599) and also its own virtual reality content through its Story Studio company as well.

Facebook has also recently launched interactive 360 videos right in its users' timelines. The videos aren't quite the full virtual reality experience, but it's a way for Facebook to slowly introduce the idea of immersive and responsive videos to its users.

But other VR contenders are making big strides too. Samsung's Gear VR officially went on sale for consumers a few months ago, priced at just $99. The device, made in part by Oculus, allows users to put their Samsung Note 5, S6, S6 Edge or S6 Edge+ into the headset. Because the Gear VR is powered by a smartphone, as opposed to gaming console or computer, it has some power and graphics limitations. But it's a solid start for Samsung's VR prospects.

Similarly, Google Cardboard headsets (which look exactly like they sound) are introductory VR headsets that allows users to slip Android phones and iPhones into a headset and experience VR on the cheap. The company has already launched a specific virtual reality section in its Google Play store, plays immersive 360 videos in YouTube, and has its own official Cardboard app with VR video demos.

And, last, but not least, Microsoft has its Hololens headset. The device is currently only for developers creating content and apps, and costs a whopping $3,000. The Hololens is more off an augmented reality device in which a person can view information, video, and graphics overlaid onto the real world.

Apple is in slow motion

Apple is usually OK with showing up late to tech trends and then using its marketing prowess and ecosystem to catch up quickly. So it's not surprising that other companies are already far ahead of Apple in the VR space.

But it's likely Apple won't wait around too much longer before it jumps into VR as growth in the segment explodes over the next few years. That doesn't mean we'll see something from the iPhone maker this year, but as the company looks for more growth outside of the iPhone, virtual reality could be the ideal pairing of both hardware and software that Apple is known for -- and it may only be a matter of time before it excels in it.



 
2016-03-02
1 Way Apple Inc.'s iPhone Has Fallen Behind In a recent column published in Forbes, contributor Brooke Crothers reached out to display expert Dr. Raymond Soneira of DisplayMate Technologies. Soneira told Crothers that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which was once known for its class-leading smartphone displays, is "running well behind the display curve" relative to archrival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF).

What's quite surprising is that it took just a few short years for Apple to go from selling devices with truly world-class displays to, well, not.

In 2012, iPhone 5 creamed the Galaxy S3 in DisplayMate's tests

Back in late 2012, DisplayMate posted a head-to-head comparison of the displays on Apple's iPhone 5 and the AMOLED display found on the Samsung Galaxy S3.

The results painted a dim picture for the S3. The iPhone 4's LCD scored an overall grade of A- in DisplayMate's tests, and the iPhone 5's LCD earned a solid A. In contrast, the Galaxy S3's display scored just a B+.

The iPhone 5's display was significantly brighter than Galaxy S3's, offered a higher contrast rating in high ambient light conditions, and was substantially more color accurate, to boot. The iPhone's display was also more efficient, consuming just over half the power that the S3's display did.

Back then, Tim Cook was justified in calling OLED displays "awful."

The shoe is now on the other foot

Beginning with the Galaxy Note 4, Samsung's OLED displays surpassed the LCDs on Apple's then-latest iPhones, the iPhone 6/6 Plus in DisplayMate's tests. DisplayMate called the iPhone 6/6 Plus LCDs the best LCDs that they had tested, but Samsung's Note 4 featured the best display that DisplayMate had tested, period.

The South Korean giant continued to iterate aggressively on its OLEDs, bringing significant improvements with the Galaxy S6, even more with the Note 5, and still more with the recently launched Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

In contrast, Apple brought virtually no improvements to the LCDs that it outfitted its latest iPhone 6s/6s Plus smartphones with. Those LCDs were competitive back in late 2014, but the relentless pace of iteration on Samsung's part means that buyers of Galaxy smartphones are now enjoying objectively better displays than those found on Apple's best iPhones.

DisplayMate says OLED is the answer

Over the long term, there's no doubt in my mind that Apple will be forced to switch to OLEDs in order to compete. There are clear benefits to good OLED displays these days over good LCDs, and it's just a matter of time before there are enough suppliers ready to produce OLEDs are in place to satisfy Apple's needs.

In the meantime, though, there's still plenty of room for Apple and its suppliers to improve LCDs. There are mobile LCDs out there that pack in more pixels than what Apple's do, ones with better color accuracy, higher contrast ratios, wider color gamuts, and so on. Even by mobile LCD standards, the panels found on the iPhone 6s/6s Plus just aren't class leading -- something that I believe may have hurt the appeal of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus to potential buyers.

With the iPhone 7/7 Plus, I expect Apple to deliver increased display resolutions on both models. In addition to sharper displays, I expect that the new panels will be more color accurate, support a wider color spectrum than typical sRGB (DCI-P3 gamut seems likely), and offer improved contrast ratios.

Such enhancements should be enough for the iPhone 7/7 Plus to remain competitive during their product cycle. Where things could get tricky is the iPhone 7s/7s product cycle.

By that time, I expect that many of Apple's competitors will have shifted to OLED displays for their premium handsets. If Apple doesn't shift to OLEDs as well at that time or, at the very least, deliver another big leap in the performance of its LCDs, then, it won't just be "behind" in display tech compared to a handful of premium flagship Android devices but a whole fleet of them. 
2016-12-18
Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. When trying to predict the future, most investors and Wall Street analysts like hard data. A forecast based on recent sales trends seems far more "scientific" than predictions based on rumored features of future products and guesses about what consumers really want.

However, extrapolating from sales trends has been a lousy strategy for predicting Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) results. Indeed, sales of Apple's most important product, the iPhone, have been extremely volatile in recent years.

The iPhone's past does not predict its future

If there is one lesson that investors could learn from looking at iPhone sales trends over the past five years, it's that they don't follow any regular pattern.

Fiscal Year iPhone Unit Sales Growth iPhone Revenue Growth 2012 73% 71% 2013 20% 16% 2014 13% 12% 2015 37% 52% 2016 (8%) (12%)

Five years ago, the iPhone was still a relatively new product. At that time, the rising popularity of smartphones and the steady addition of new iPhone wireless carrier partners was driving explosive growth. For Apple's 2012 fiscal year, unit sales and revenue for the iPhone product line both surged more than 70%.

iPhone sales growth cooled dramatically in the following two years. In fiscal 2014, iPhone unit sales rose just 13%, while revenue increased 12%.

In a 2014 article for Quartz, Christopher Mims noted that "Apple has stopped growing." Mims claimed that new, larger-screened phones that were then rumored to be on the way "mean there's still potential for incremental growth in Apple's revenue. But that's it."

He couldn't have been more wrong. In the following year -- Apple's fiscal 2015 -- iPhone unit sales growth accelerated to 37%. And thanks to higher prices for the new iPhone 6 Plus (and rising customer demand for higher-memory configurations), iPhone revenue surged 52%.

In light of this strong momentum, most analysts expected further iPhone sales growth (albeit more subdued growth) in fiscal 2016. They were wrong again. Last year, iPhone unit sales slipped 8% year over year and revenue fell by double digits.

Are analysts making the same mistake again?

Wall Street analysts don't expect iPhone sales to continue sliding, but they aren't expecting much growth going forward, either. Not surprisingly, there is a wide range of estimates, but on average, Apple analysts expect mid-single-digit iPhone sales growth over the next two years.

After overestimating Apple's potential iPhone sales for fiscal 2016, analysts may have swung too far in the other direction now. As Apple's performance a few years ago showed, last year's sharp slowdown in iPhone sales could still be followed by a return to strong growth in the future.

Reasons for optimism about Apple's next-gen iPhone

Most reviewers agree that the iPhone 7 isn't a big upgrade over iPhone 6-series phones. There are new colors, Apple has bumped up the base storage to 32 GB, and the headphone jack is gone, but the exterior design and key components like the screen haven't changed much.

Despite this relatively modest upgrade, iPhone sales seem to be on track to return to growth in the current 2017 fiscal year. The explosive growth of the iPhone user base over the last few years means that there are more iPhone owners looking to upgrade than ever before. This seems to have offset the lack of a "wow" factor for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Looking ahead, many industry observers expect Apple to release a "revolutionary" new iPhone design next year, to coincide with the iPhone's 10th anniversary. New features may include an all-glass casing with no bezels, wireless charging, and curved OLED screens.

If these rumors prove to be accurate, iPhone sales could accelerate again as they did two years ago, due to upgrade demand shifting into fiscal 2018 from the adjacent years, along with an uptick in "Android-switching." Will iPhone sales grow 37% year over year again? Probably not, but a year-over-year growth rate of around 20% is entirely plausible.

While a few analysts on Wall Street recognize this possibility, the vast majority have been scared away from making bold iPhone sales growth projections after Apple's disappointing fiscal 2016. However, the volatility of Apple's iPhone sales in the past few years shows that sales trends over the course of a year -- or even two -- offer very little guidance about what to expect in the future. Investors shouldn't ignore the past, but they shouldn't read too much into recent iPhone sales trends, either. Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) quarterly earnings call back in October, CEO Tim Cook told investors that "worldwide demand for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus."

Later during the call, Cook further clarified that although he expected Apple to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 by the end of the current quarter, he wasn't confident that the company would be able to do so with the iPhone 7 Plus.

Based on a recent check of Apple's online store, it looks as though Apple is close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus.

Want to buy an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black?

After launch, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black was extremely difficult to get ahold of, which one analyst chalked up partly to low manufacturing yields on the glossy finish of the device.

Three months later, though, if you'd like to buy one, Apple can have it delivered to your doorstep in a matter of 4-6 days:

Similar delivery dates also apply to the iPhone 7 Plus models in other colors and capacities.

Reading the tea leaves

The delivery dates quoted above tell us that Apple close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. I wouldn't say that Apple is at supply-demand balance, though, as an iPhone 7 (non-Plus) ordered today, per the Apple online store, can be expected to arrive the next day (suggesting that Apple has reached supply-demand balance on the smaller iPhone models).

However, it's hard to draw many specific conclusions from this information. After all, the supply-demand equation is a function of two inputs -- supply and demand. We know that demand has been greater than supply on the iPhone 7 Plus during the quarter, but we don't know how many Apple produced.

If Apple produced more iPhone 7 Plus units this year than it did iPhone 6s Plus units last year, then Apple may have enjoyed a nice tailwind to iPhone average selling prices during the quarter -- potentially a positive for revenue.

Even then, though, there are a couple of scenarios that Apple might be experiencing here. If iPhone 7 Plus demand has increased year over year, that demand might be a result of share gains within the premium large-screen device market.

Alternatively, increased iPhone 7 Plus demand might simply be coming at the expense of the smaller iPhone 7. In that case, Apple should still benefit from a richer product mix (if users don't move down a tier in capacity to move up to the Plus), but the unit shipment story would be less poised to benefit.

Apple might be better prepared next time

Based on Cook's commentary, it looks like Apple was surprised by the relatively strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus this time around. The signal that consumers appear to be giving Apple is that they want innovative new features and they're willing to pay for them.

Indeed, the iPhone 7 Plus includes a dual-lens camera that enables some interesting capabilities (optical zoom, depth of field) and it sells for $120 more than the iPhone 7. Previous iPhone Plus models carried just a $100 premium over their standard iPhone counterparts.

I expect that Apple's future initial premium iPhone build plans, as well as its feature/pricing strategies with respect to those future premium iPhone models, will incorporate the wealth of insights gleaned from this product cycle. 
2016-08-26
Apple Inc on Tim Cook's watch: Five years of change, but still waiting for a ... How do you replace Steve Jobs? People had tried before and failed: When Apple s founder left amid a boardroom coup in 1985, the string of leaders that filled the void almost brought the company to its knees until Jobs  triumphant return over a decade later.

So when Jobs  hand-picked successor, Tim Cook, took command on August 24, 2011   five years ago this week   it was always bound to be one of the most-scrutinised handovers in corporate history.

Jobs, who would die of pancreatic cancer 13 days later, had been a model of leadership and innovation. He had been central to the polished icons of the 21st century computing: the iPod, iPhone and iPad, bringing a flair that had made them seem like more than mere products.

Related

Cook, meanwhile, was the less-visible chief operating officer; the master of the supply chain who rose at 4:30am every morning to keep the well-oiled machine ticking over. And though he was the obvious candidate to replace the irreplaceable, analysts doubted whether he would be able to keep the Apple magic alive.

Five years later, the same questions persist. Few would deny he was the right man for the job, but under Cook, Apple has yet to release an undisputed hit product.

The world s biggest company

While the line-up of products in Apple s stores bears a resemblance to that of five years ago, the company Cook runs has been transformed.

Under his tenure, Apple has become the world s biggest public company, and twice broken the record for the biggest quarterly profit in history.

The company has also doubled in size. During Jobs  last full quarter as chief executive, Apple sold 20.3 million iPhones: it now sells more than double that. Its 110,000 staff today compare with just over 60,000 five years ago. When Jobs passed the baton, it had four stores in China, against 41 today.

This monumental expansion has also put pressure on Apple over taxes and its swelling overseas cash pile, which Cook has said he is not ready to repatriate without US reform, despite pressures from agitated investors such as Carl Icahn to return more money to shareholders.

The challenge has required a steady hand. Cook has had to appear in front of US politicians at high-profile hearings and charm European politicians investigating its tax affairs, as well as appease grumbling investors. His record here has been impressive: Apple s share price has more than doubled under Cook.

Innovation

Apple, though, is not known for stock buy-backs; it is known for the life-changing product, the thing that consumers don t know they want until they see it, at which point they positively need it. And while Jobs would surround himself with visionaries such as Sir Jonathan Ive, he was still the beating heart of these best-selling inventions.

When Jobs stepped down, the key question was whether Apple would be able to continue its hot streak, and five years later, the jury is still out. One of the company s first releases under Cook s command was the disastrous Apple Maps, which missed entire towns and important transport links.

Cook s most significant new product has been last year s Apple Watch, which has proved more of a niche product for committed consumers than a worldwide phenomenon. Sales to date are estimated at around 15?million, above average in an emerging wearable technology market, but barely moving the dial for a company of Apple s proportions.

Cook s ability to keep Apple moving upwards has instead been rooted in growing sales of the iPhone, which have increased particularly impressively in markets such as China and India. The iPhone, though, makes up more than half of Apple s sales   more than it did when Jobs stepped down, leading some to question if Apple is over-reliant on one thing.

Cook recently described the popularity of the iPhone as  a privilege, not a problem,  but as the smartphone market has begun to saturate, it has seemed more like the latter: after 13 years of rising revenues, sales have fallen for the last two quarters.

Criticism of Cook s innovation record is often unfair, however: while Apple has continued to refresh its top products with new features, there is never likely to be another iPhone.

Instead, Cook has focused on selling more of the software and services that live on the one billion iPhones and iPads in use today. Sales from apps and services increased by 19pc year on year in the last quarter. The services business includes Apple Music and Apple Pay   two of the more successful new products Apple has launched under Cook   and is now bigger than both the iPad and Mac computers.

Social issues

If there is one thing that has separated Cook from his predecessor, though, it has been in trying to make Apple not only a technological force, but a very public beacon for corporate responsibility.

Cook has campaigned more than many for race and gender equality and gay rights: he became the most high-profile chief executive to come out as gay two years ago, and has made efforts to improve diversity amongst Apple s workforce.

Apple also became a figurehead for privacy activists this year when Cook refused to bow to the FBI s demands that Apple unlock an iPhone used by a shooter involved in a terrorist attack in California last year, labelling the request a  dangerous precedent . Cook eventually won the fight.

On the day he took over from Jobs, Cook told staff:  I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change,  On that point, at least, he was very wrong.

The Daily Telegraph Apple Inc.'s New iPhone 7 Storage Tiers Make Sense According to a leak from Twitter user The Malignant, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next-generation iPhone family will see an across-the-board boost in storage capacities. The entry-level model will have 32 gigabytes of storage, the mid-range one will pack 128 gigabytes of storage, and the highest-end models will come with a whopping 256 gigabytes of storage.

These new storage tiers, assuming this leak is legitimate, would represent solid upgrades from the 16/64/128 gigabyte storage tiers that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s families of phones came with.

More storage might seem trivial, but it's not

According to Apple CEO Tim Cook on a recent earnings call, there are three types of potential iPhone customers the company is trying to court:

Users of non-Apple smartphones (i.e., "switchers") People buying their first smartphones People upgrading from prior-generation iPhone models

I don't think first-time smartphone buyers are going to care all that much about Apple shifting up the storage tiers; the jump from a feature phone (or no cellphone at all) to an iPhone -- even one with "just" 16 gigabytes of storage is a huge one.

As far as "switchers" go, I suspect the increased storage tiers could help to placate those potential users who have avoided iPhones because of the relatively anemic base storage offerings. It's not clear just how many such potential customers are out there, but I would imagine it's a non-zero number. So, Apple can do a better job of snatching those customers.

However, I believe the increased storage will have the most positive impact on getting users of current-generation iPhones to upgrade from their current models.

More storage for the same prices as before

Customers seem to enjoy getting "more bang for their buck," so to speak. By increasing the storage capacities at each tier, current iPhone owners may feel the new iPhones represent compelling values since they can get more storage today for the same price they paid for their previous-generation phones (or the same amount of storage for less).

I suspect those iPhone users who have 16-gigabyte devices and are feeling space-constrained will find the 32-gigabyte iPhone 7 models attractive upgrade options. Also, such customers may feel better about spending the money to upgrade, even if their current phones are otherwise performing acceptably, since those purchases can be somewhat justified out of a "need" for more storage rather than a less justifiable "want" for a new, shiny device.

The higher tiers could also potentially drive upgrades. Those buyers who bought 64-gigabyte iPhones because they couldn't/wouldn't pay for the 128 gigabyte variants last time might be excited at the opportunity to get a 128 gigabyte phone for cheaper. The 256 gigabyte models should appeal to power users who simply want a ton of local storage and are willing to pay for it.

The nice thing about what Apple is doing, here, is that it gives all buyers more storage than they would have been able to get before. At the same time, though, the jumps in between tiers are large enough that customers who value having additional storage should still feel as though they're getting their money's worth by buying up the stack.

I can't imagine, for example, that many 64-gigabyte iPhone users will downgrade to a 32 gigabyte model with their next iPhone purchase.

Potential downside?

Where I can see downside is at the very highest storage tier. 128 gigabytes of storage should be plenty for the vast majority of smartphone use cases, so the proportion of customers that go with the very highest-end storage tier may come down this generation.

That being said, given Apple needs to do everything it can to drive unit sales growth in light of the weak performance of the iPhone 6s-series devices in the marketplace, I suspect the company is more interested in delivering more value to customers (in a bid to maximize lifetime revenue for the iPhone 7 series) rather than obsessing about achieving a product mix that maximizes average selling prices. Pacific Crest Recommends Apple Stock, But Still Wary Of Its Suppliers Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest laid out the case for investors to hold an Overweight position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), but hold a cautious view towards the companies that make up Apple's supply chain.

Hargreaves noted that easing comps and increased replacement volumes should yield improved iPhone unit growth through the iPhone 7 cycle. In addition, strong anticipation for the 2017 iPhone cycle should help boost Apple's stock towards the $121 level over the next 12 months.

"Recent stock appreciation has captured much of the near-term upside that we anticipated related to the iPhone 7 cycle," the analyst wrote. "However, we continue to recommend owning AAPL based on downside protection from valuation, the likelihood for improving growth rates, and the potential for another leg of appreciation from growing replacement volume through 2017."

Related Link: The Industry Implications Of A Possible All-Glass Apple '360 Degree' iPhone

Despite recommending Apple's stock, Hargreaves stated that Apple's component supplies will "struggle to outperform" in the bottom half of 2016 as component orders are likely to be lower by 15 to 20 percent on the iPhone 7 compared to the iPhone 6s.

There are a few exceptions as the analyst holds an Outperform rating on Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI), based on an order recovery in communications infrastructure in 4G, and Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ: AVGO), as the company is best positioned to benefit from content increases in the iPhone 7 due to the transition to 3-channel carrier aggregation.

The analyst is also Overweight on InvenSense Inc (NYSE: INVN) given the rise of popularity in Pokemon Go and augmented reality which will create a "significant growth opportunity" for the company, especially in midrange smartphones.

The following stocks are rated Sector Weight:

Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRUS)

(NASDAQ: CRUS) Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ: QRVO)

(NASDAQ: QRVO) Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ: SWKS)

(NASDAQ: SWKS) Synaptics, Incorporated (NASDAQ: SYNA)

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Andy Hargreaves Apple Supply Chain iPhone 7 Pacific CrestAnalyst Color Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 8 to Lose Home Button in 2017 With the launch of the iPhone 7 just weeks away, media attention has been shifting to what comes next for Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). And  what comes next  could be rattling for some. Bloomberg is now reporting that the iPhone 8 in 2017 will lose the iconic Home button.

Source: Apple

AAPL is expected to to take the wraps off the iPhone 7 by mid-September. Normally the rumor mill would be in overdrive at this point, filled with speculation about Apple s new iPhone.

It is active   however, much of the posting is looking ahead to 2017 s iPhone 8.

The iPhone 7 Looks Boring

The iPhone 7 is getting less attention than normal because it has every indication of being boring. For months, spy shots and insider info have seeped out visions of a new iPhone that looks virtually identical to last year s model. And the one from the year before. Internals will be tweaked, and the iPhone 7 Plus will likely get an improved dual camera system. But there s little excitement around it.

In fact, the current speculation around the iPhone 7 is that it won t be called that at all. Instead, Apple might dub it the iPhone 6SE. If that one pans out, it would feel like even AAPL was shrugging.

The iPhone 8 could be radically different.

So with little excitement around the iPhone 7, attention is starting to be filtered even further into the future.

Apple is moving to a three-year product cycle on its iPhones, making 2017 and the iPhone 8 the next big release. There have already been multiple claims that the company is adopting a curved OLED display on at least one iPhone model, taking a page from the design book of rival Samsung (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ).

Now a new report from Bloomberg is suggesting the iPhone 8 will adopt an even more radical change.

iPhone 8 Says Goodbye to the Home Button

One element that has remained consistent since the original iPhone was released in 2007 is the Home button. Year after year, the physical button is there on the bottom of the iPhone s front face. Sure, Apple has improved it. Notably, building in the Touch ID fingerprint sensor was a big leap forward. But it has always been there.

However, Bloomberg s Mark Gurman reported yesterday that the iconic button is on its way out:

 Apple is already at work on a major redesign of the iPhone for 2017 that focuses more heavily on the display by removing the Home button 

As MacRumors points out, Apple design guru Jony Ive has long wanted to build an iPhone with a front that lacks bezels and looks like a single sheet of glass. The Home button destroys that minimalist aesthetic.

Not to mention that the physical button is a point of failure and a potential access point for water. In the quest for a more durable and waterproof iPhone, eliminating the Home button would definitely help.

However, Home button functionality is critical to iOS, so Apple couldn t literally scrub it. Instead, Apple would need to use improvements to the 3D touch pressure sensitivity introduced with the iPhone 6S to create a virtual Home button and fingerprint scanner integrated into the display.

2017 is a huge year for Apple. It s the first launch year in the new three-year iPhone release cycle. More importantly, it also marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. And it comes as iPhone sales   critical to AAPL s bottom line   continue to lose momentum. Those are three big reasons why AAPL is expected to pull out all the stops.

An iPhone 8 with a slick glass front that eliminates bezels and ditches the old-school Home button would definitely make a splash.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: Better Buy: Fitbit Inc. vs. Apple With a market cap approaching $580 billion, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is more than 190-times larger than Fitbit (NYSE:FIT). Apple pays a healthy dividend, derives the overwhelming majority of its revenue from smartphones, and trades at a modest 12.5-times trailing 12-month earnings. Fitbit pays no dividend, sells no smartphones, and trades with a valuation more than twice as rich.

Nevertheless, the companies are competitors, and in many ways have similar business models -- both firms attain the majority of their revenue from consumer electronics. Investors looking to add exposure to the space might be drawn to consider one of these two stocks.

Apple is a technology stalwart -- and, increasingly, a value stock

Apple's days of rapid growth appear to be over. The company's sales contracted 15% on an annual basis last quarter, with iPhone shipments posting an identical drop. iPad sales rose modestly, but Apple's tablet business has been in decline for most of the last two years. The Mac business remains steady, although it too declined last quarter. If analyst projections prove accurate, Apple will generate about 8% less revenue in its fiscal year 2016 than it did in the year prior.

Nevertheless, Apple has proven to be a solid, albeit unremarkable stock, in 2016. It's outperformed the broader market, but not to a significant degree, rising just over 6% year-to-date.

The gain may have been driven by Apple's increasing preeminence as one of the best value stocks in tech. Despite the recent decline in iPhone shipments, Apple's smartphone business remains resilient in the face of intense competition. Its services business is improving (sales rose 19% on an annual basis last quarter), and it's returning more capital to shareholders. Apple currently yields just over 2%, and management has promised to increased its dividend each year for the foreseeable future.

In contrast, Fitbit's business is growing rapidly

What Apple's current management team hasn't done is release a revolutionary new product -- at least not anything on par with the iPhone or iPad. For a time, it appeared that the Apple Watch could be Apple's next breakout hit, but demand for the Cupertino tech giant's first wearable has proven to be relatively lackluster. Shipments of the Apple Watch fell 55% on an annual basis last quarter according to research firm IDC.

Fitbit's wearable business, in contrast, is dominating. Fitbit remains the world's largest seller of wearables, capturing almost one-third of the market in the first quarter, according to IDC. To be fair, most of Fitbit's trackers are considerably cheaper than the Apple Watch, but that may be part of their appeal.

Fitbit's revenue has been growing rapidly in recent quarters. Sales rose more than 100% annually in 2015, and are on pace to grow about 35% this year. To date, Fitbit has sold fewer than 50 million trackers, giving it ample opportunity for further growth, particularly overseas, as most of its sales have been to consumers in North America.

As a stock, Fitbit has performed poorly since it made its public market debut last year -- shares are down about 50%. Investors seem skeptical of the company's long-term success, believing that ever-more-powerful smartwatches, including the second- and third-generation Apple Watch, could erode the market for Fitbit's comparatively less complex trackers.

But if that doesn't happen, Fitbit could reward shareholders. Fitbit stock isn't cheap, but it trades at a sizable discount relative to its growth potential. At around $14.80, Fitbit is currently trading with a forward price-to-earnings ratio around 10 -- less than Apple's.

Fitbit is a pure wearables play with a greater degree of risk

For investors looking to add wearable exposure to their portfolios, Fitbit is the better stock. Just about all of its revenue comes from its wearable fitness trackers, and it continues to lead that market. Apple, in contrast, has emerged as a key player over the last years, but the Apple Watch remains a modest driver of Apple's financials, and that may not change anytime in the near future.

Fitbit, however, appears to carry a far greater degree of risk. In the worst case scenario, demand for Fitbit's trackers could fall to almost nothing in the coming years as consumers adopt more fully featured products from companies like Apple. It's far less likely that the iPhone will suffer such a fate. 
2016-10-06
Should Apple, Inc. Worry About a Samsung Virtual Assistant? Given its reputation as a "fast follower," it's kind of shocking that Samsung has yet to release a full-on virtual assistant. I mean, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) acquired Siri way back in 2010. That was six years ago, and the company subsequently introduced the in-house version of Siri in 2011 with the iPhone 4s. There had been reports last year that Samsung was working on a virtual assistant, leveraging its S Voice technology, but even that is remarkably tardy.

Well, the South Korean conglomerate is trying to catch up -- finally.

Better late...or never?

Samsung has announced that it is acquiring Viv Labs, which was actually created by the same people that created Siri. Samsung wants everyone to know that it's not going to sit on the AI sidelines, and Viv leverages natural language learning and machine learning, while creating a platform for third-party developers.

If none of that sounds new, it's because it isn't. All of the major tech players have been working on this stuff for many years, so Samsung is desperately trying to play catch-up via acquisition. Samsung mobile CTO Injong Rhee notes that the company has already made several other acquisitions in this space.

This is just as much about competing with Google as it is about competing with Apple

Beyond the expected PR language that more or less describes the table stakes for virtual assistants, you have to question the strategic value of Samsung pursuing a virtual assistant. Much to its dismay, Samsung has long relied on Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) for Android. Of course, Google launched Google Now many years ago, and has revamped the service as Google Assistant.

Google Assistant will become widely available throughout Android as part of 7.1 Nougat, although not all Nougat devices will receive Google Assistant. There's almost no way that Samsung's assistant will be able to outperform Google Assistant, which means that the vast majority of users will end up using Google's assistant. Samsung will not be able to differentiate here, in which case these efforts may be wasted.

Samsung's biggest weakness

The timing of this acquisition also speaks to the fact that Samsung has never been good at software, a stark contrast to its incredible hardware prowess. That hasn't stopped the company from trying to branch out beyond hardware, but Samsung still has little to show for software innovation even after so many years of trying to become an integrated player.

It's entirely true that Apple has sort of underplayed Siri relative to what other peers are doing in virtual assistants. There's no good reason why Apple took so long to open up Siri to third-party developers. Apple was among the first to launch a virtual assistant, but among the last to open up the platform.

Still, it seems unlikely that Samsung will make a meaningful mark with this acquisition. No one will buy an exploding Samsung device for a Samsung assistant when Google Assistant is far more useful. Apple, Inc. Could Be Losing in the Classroom Education has always been an important market for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), perhaps more so philosophically than financially. That's why I was so optimistic about the iPad's potential in the classroom. It certainly seemed initially that mobile devices and digital textbooks had the potential to revolutionize education, but it's safe to say that Apple has not done so even if many schools around the country now buy iPads in volume for educational purposes.

The real challenge has been Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and its low-cost Chromebooks. Cost savings appeal quite a bit to school districts, particularly if the educational value is comparable. There's even a full-sized keyboard, too, which gives them more of a productivity feel. Kids still associate iPads with fun and games.

20 million and counting

Google has announced that Chromebook adoption among students and teachers using Google Classroom has now reached over 20 million. Compare that to the 10 million educational Chromebooks in use in October 2015, and it's clear that the search giant is making progress in the educational market. The news comes as a celebration of World Teachers' Day, which was yesterday.

Apple doesn't disclose any granular financial detail around its educational business, but it does take plenty of opportunities to note how important education is to the company. Apple launches back-to-school sales every year, and offers educational pricing to students and educators alike year round. But Chromebooks can speak to a school district's bottom line, and Apple isn't being as aggressive as it could.

Apple should bring back older iPads for education

If Apple really wanted to overtake the educational market with iPads, there are several levers it could have pulled by now.

Remember how the iPad 2 from 2011 stuck around for an inordinate amount of time? Apple kept the second-generation tablet around for three years until finally discontinuing it in 2014. During that time, Apple lowered the price over time as it came out with new tablets, but even kept using the aging tablet at its own retail stores as informational product displays.

I'm not saying that Apple should bring back a five-year-old device to sell into the educational market, but Apple could very easily profitably manufacture and sell some older iPad model into the educational market at a price point that would put pressure on Chromebook sales. What about a 4th-generation iPad with Retina display from 2012, or an iPad Air from 2013? Those devices would still have relevance in the education market even if the consumer market has moved on, and I can't imagine they would cost much to manufacture.

It just seems like a wasted opportunity when there are strategic alternatives that could prevent the Chromebook from taking over. Apple: An Analysis Of Quantitative Trading Patterns Introduction

In this article, readers will be provided with a quantitative data analysis that analyzes in detail the daily trading patterns and the co-momentum of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Nasdaq (NASDAQ:QQQ). As a result, readers can use the information derived from the dataset to identify key patterns in the security's behavior. The key information in this article is to identify serial return likelihoods, intraday structures, how long and deep corrections in Apple stock are and when to go long, as well as a co-momentum analysis, in which we will learn how likely Apple is to outperform for any given time frame, how well Apple captures Nasdaq upside and downside and when to employ Apple as a portfolio enhancement. The quantitative information provided is thus intended for day and swing positions as well as for investors who are looking for statistically-supported entry and exit patterns.

The article starts with a simple introduction of the historic relationship between Nasdaq and Apple, and will aim to quickly dive into providing precise information on the following:

  Return analysis: Probabilities for positive and negative returns after seeing serial patterns, as well as intraday statistics, including on Apple's average and median daily high versus daily close, daily low vs. daily close, daily high vs. daily close. Overall daily return patterns and their probabilities shall round off the return analysis.

  Risk Analysis: Risk measures and both securities' risk sensitivities, as well as average drawdown, average length, average recovery and recovery ratios of Apple.

  Co-Momentum: Up- and down captures, and probabilities of Apple outperforming Nasdaq over different time frames up to one year.

Methodology

The dataset starts on starts June 23rd 1999 and consists of returns until 30th of September 2016. It thus contains two major drawdown periods, namely the dot-com bubble and the 2007 crisis. The data also contains the adjusted open, high, low and closing prices of Apple Inc., as well as the same datasets for the generic Nasdaq-100 e-mini future. The dataset furthermore only includes trading days on which both securities were traded to allow for valid return comparisons. Out of 4,401 trading days, 58 were thus removed.

Introductory Overview

For the 1999 to 2016 period, Apple has posted an annualized return of exactly 28.50% while exhibiting a standard deviation of 43.46%. That compares to Nasdaq's tremendously lower annualized return of 4.96% at a standard deviation of 29.01% since 1999. Apple thus easily outperforms the Nasdaq on a risk-return basis with a sharpe ratio of 0.656 as opposed to Nasdaq's 0.171.

YTD, Apple has an annualized return of 12.38% with a much lower standard deviation of 25.43%, thus a sharpe ratio of 0.487. Thus, on a risk-return basis, Apple has much catching up to do, both in return and volatility terms. Nasdaq, on the other hand, has this year outperformed its own historical measures with an annualized return of 7.94% and a low standard deviation of 17.3%, yielding a sharpe ratio of 0.46, much better than its historical 0.17.

As of 9/30/2016, Apple also is at its worst five-year historical risk-return tradeoff since 1999 after having been at its best in 2011. The five-year period ending in September 2006 has seen its highest return, albeit also at its highest historical standard deviation. The Nasdaq, as also outlined in my previous article, is per definition trading with a much lower standard deviation and also has seen less intense jumps in its five-year risk-return tradeoff since 1999, as can be seen below:

Return Analysis

For any given trading day, Apple has a 51.76% probability of ending the day positive, while Nasdaq has a 53.32% probability, naturally higher for the diversification momentum. There is no single stock in the Nasdaq that has a higher upside frequency than the index itself. Apple (Nasdaq) returns a mean 0.14% (0.04%) per day, and a median of 0.09% (0.09%). 25% of Apple's returns are lower than -1.15% (-0.71%), while 75% is lower than 1.44% (0.81%), which highlights the fact that Apple has a very positively-skewed return distribution, and of course also a higher beta.

YTD, Apple has returned a mean 0.06% per trading day, much lower than its historic average, while the median is still an equal 0.09%. YTD, 25% of returns are lower than -0.69%, while 75% are lower than 0.85%. This is inline with the overall thesis that 2016 so far has been a relatively low-return, low-volatility period, outside historical patterns.

On any given trading day, Apple retreats 1.7% from its intraday high, while the median retreat is 1.19%. On the other hand, Apple recovers an average 1.62% from its low with a median of 1.14%. This tells us that Apple generally closes toward the lower end of the intraday range by a margin of 0.08%.

The intraday trading range is a quite exceptional average 3.4% between its high and low and a still high median of 2.9%.

Serial Returns

Where to put statistically-supported stop-loss levels will be discussed further down, where we will also see graphically the return clustering of Apple. It becomes evident that both negative days (and days on which VaR and ETL are hit) and positive days occur frequently in a row, which is why I'd like to highlight some stats around serial returns:

On average, Apple has 2.031 (read: 2 point 031) positive days in a row, the maximum winning streak was 12 days and the minimum - of course - one. If we see a single positive day, there is a 45.21% probability this will be followed by another positive day. If we see two positive days in a row, there is a 56.07% probability there will be a third positive day. After seeing three positive days in a row, there is a 49.65% probability we see a fourth positive day. This is interesting as we can learn that two positive days signals a good likelihood of seeing a third, something that can be used for opening long positions after two positive days.

On average, Apple has 1.893 negative days in a row with a maximum losing streak ever of eight consecutive days. After one negative day, there is a 51.52% chance we see a second negative day, and a 52.43% chance to see a third then. There is only a 41.06% chance to see a fourth negative day after having seen three. From this, we can see that buying Apple after three negative days in a row has a 58.94% likelihood of being positive the next day.

Risk Analysis

With a 95% likelihood, a given trading day will not close lower than -3.99%, meaning a statistically-supported trading stop-loss level should be put at or better yet under this threshold. While this works most of the time, especially when we see an early intraday low and open long positions thereat, it is also true that over the course of one year, there are indeed a few occurrences when this 95% likelihood is surpassed, as you can see below, where I drew the VaR line based on a one-year time frame:

Inevitably, that leads us to the next risk metric which is expected tail loss, indicating a likelihood of how great losses are actually going to be and not just indicating which level is likely not surpassed. The one-day 95% expected tail loss is -5.97%, quite high. So any given trading day, there is a 5% chance we close down 5.97% as opposed to yesterday's close. Nasdaq, among the most volatile US indices, has a much lower ETL of -4.39%. Below, you can see how this has looked like over the previous year (notice the return clustering discussed above):

Below, I would like to show both the VaR and ETL sensitivity of Apple:

Drawdowns

Apple's mean drawdown from a previous high is 5.96%. The average drawdown in Apple takes 31.7 days, with 17.11 days spent to reach the bottom of a correction and 14.56 days to recover from there. This means that Apple just needs 85% of the time it takes to reach the bottom to recover, which is highly favorable and shows the great recovery strength Apple provides. At last close, this suggests long positions to be entered at the level of 106.3 USD.

Co-Momentum

As seen above, on days on which the Nasdaq trades positively, Apple returns the factor of 1.087, so a 1% increase in Nasdaq corresponds to an increase of 1.087% in Apple, on average. The downside, interestingly, is much more covered, as Apple only captures the factor of 0.916 on the downside. Thus, Apple not only provides better positive returns but also more downside protection than Nasdaq.

In 73.96% of all cases, Apple trades positive when the Nasdaq does, and in almost equal 73.32% of cases, it does trade negative when Nasdaq is negative.

Interesting to see is also that Apple outperforms the Nasdaq on Nasdaq's positive days in 50.99% of the cases, while outperforming the Nasdaq on negative days in 49.82% of the cases.

Probability of Outperformance

For a one-day time frame, there is a 50.4% chance Apple returns more than the Nasdaq. For a three-day time frame, the likelihood increases to 52.4%, 54.05% for one trading week, 57.09% for two trading weeks and 58.15% for one trading month.

However, for a three-month trading period, the likelihood diminishes to 54.4%, indicating the volatility and frequent corrections Apple has posted and this strengthens the case further for taking advantage of those corrections.

For a six-month time frame, the likelihood is 69.28%, while a full trading year gives us a chance of 65.47% that an investment in Apple returns more than an investment in Nasdaq.

Conclusions

Buying Apple for swing trades is best done for a time frame for up to one month, as we see increasing marginal likelihoods of outperformance. Mid-term investors should invest for a period of up to six months as we see decreasing marginal likelihood for six months up to one year. Apple has a likelihood of 58.15% of outperforming the Nasdaq over the next 20 days, but only a likelihood of 54.4% of outperforming over the next three months. A six-month time window gives a chance of 69.28% outperformance, while a one-year timeframe 65.47%.

New positions in Apple should be opened around the mean drawdown level of 5.96% and should be engaged quickly after we witness bottom-forming patterns, as Apple recovers in only 85% of the time it takes to reach the bottom. A drawdown in Apple usually takes 31.7 days, while a full recovery takes 14.6 days.

Best chances for seeing a positive day are after three losing days in a row, posting a likelihood of 58.94%. Any given day, the chance to see positive returns are 51.76%.

Apple has a sub-average return history YTD and a quantitative view makes the case for higher prices to be seen until the end of the year.

Apple has a tendency to close more toward the low than to its high, meaning long positions should be opened toward the end of the trading day.

In any case and for long-term investors, Apple has a rock-solid quantitative track record for longer-term active returns. 
2016-02-06
Predicting the Performance of the Apple Inc. A10 Chip Although the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6s/6s Plus aren't selling as well as the iDevice maker had hoped going into this product cycle, there's little denying that the company's A9 processor is a very impressive piece of engineering, handily delivering best-in-class performance thanks to a combination of excellent chip design and the migration to new, substantially better chip manufacturing technologies.

In this article, I'd like to offer up something of a "prediction" of the kind of performance that Apple will deliver with the A10 processor that will power the next generation iPhones.

Pattern: A(x+1) typically outperforms A(x)X

Generally speaking, Apple puts out two new chips each year. The iPhone gets an "A-series" processor, while the top iPad gets an "Ax-series" chip. The "Ax" processors are typically significantly performance-enhanced versions of the vanilla A-series chips, as tablets can handle the greater power consumption and heat output associated with the additions that Apple puts into the "Ax" chips.

However, one pattern that I've observed is that, during the last several generations, the latest A-series processor is able to generally match/outperform the prior generation AX-series processors. In the tables below, I illustrate this with performance tests that should be a good indicator of generation-on-generation improvements.

CPU Apple A-Series (Geekbench 3 Single-Core Score) Apple AX-Series (Geekbench 3 Single-Core Score) 2011 (A5/A5X) 210 267 2012 (A6/A6X) 705 786 2013 (A7/A7*) 1439 1475 2014 (A8/A8X) 1624 1848 2015 (A9/A9X) 2548 3269

GPU Apple A-Series (GFXBench 3.0 T-Rex HD Off-screen) Apple AX-Series (GFXBench 3.0 T-Rex HD Off-screen) 2011 (A5/A5X) N/A N/A 2012 (A6/A6X) 6.8 17.3 2013 (A7/A7*) 28.7 26.2 2014 (A8/A8X) 45.0 70.5 2015 (A9/A9X) 80.30 163.70

Although the past isn't necessarily a perfect indicator of future, it's pretty clear that, with each new iPhone, Apple tries to deliver both CPU and graphics performance in its iPhone-bound A-series processors that's at least as good, if not better than, what it delivered in its prior generation iPad-bound AX-series chips.

Prediction: A10 will deliver a significant boost in performance over A9

Thanks to what is likely to be significant architectural enhancements, and what is said to be a move exclusively to TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer FinFET Plus manufacturing technology (A9 was dual sourced), I believe that the A10 will deliver A9X-or-better levels of performance in slim, handheld iPhones.

Although raw performance doesn't seem to be a big selling point in and of itself these days -- look at how the iPhone 6s/6s Plus are doing in the marketplace relative to the iPhone 6/6 Plus a year earlier -- it is always good to see Apple advance the state of the art in mobile computing performance.

As Apple's A-series processors become more powerful, and as the average level of CPU/graphics performance among the iPhone installed base continues to grow, developers should be able to come up with interesting new applications. I'd imagine that the mean and median performance levels among iPhones is quite a bit higher than on Android devices, potentially meaning that developers will be able and/or more inclined to bring richer experiences to iOS before they are brought to Android. 
2016-06-14
Apple, Inc.'s Big Event: Key Takeaways On Monday, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its latest updates to four operating systems: WatchOS, TVOS, iOS, and MacOS -- yes, it's now MacOS, not OS X. The event unfolded about in line with rumors, as Apple handed over Siri to developers, brought Siri to Mac, and more. Here are the key highlights from the event.

1. WatchOS gets a much-needed overhaul

The most notable update to the Apple Watch's operating system was the addition of apps that open instantly. Apple is accomplishing this by enabling apps to be installed natively on the watch and by having up-to-date information ready ahead of time. This responds to arguably one of the most prominent complaints about the Apple Watch: Apps just weren't fast enough.

Further, the WatchOS user interface is more powerful and useful; it includes an improved control center, the ability to swipe between favorite watch faces for different occasions, and the ability to quickly swipe between recently used apps. Apple also added a way to write messages other than using Apple's predicted responses or Siri. Users can now "Scribble" messages -- write letters which are then converted to text.

2. Single sign-on for Apple TV

Cable and satellite subscribers are increasingly getting access to Apple TV apps for networks that come with their subscriptions, breaking the walls between Apple TV and traditional television. Until now, users had to complete the cumbersome step of authenticating their cable and satellite subscriptions for every TV app they downloaded. But this ends with Apple's latest TVOS update, coming this fall.

Apple's website explains:

Now when you enter your cable or satellite subscription credentials on Apple TV, you get immediate access to all the apps in your pay TV package that support single sign-on. So you authenticate once and you're done. Cue the applause sign.

3. MacOS gets Siri

Apple's new operating system for its Macs, called MacOS Sierra, includes many new features, but chief among them is Siri's debut. The new operating system also has neat features like playing music, locating files, and providing drag-and-drop search results to make getting things done easier.

4. Apple hands over Siri to developers

Like MacOS, iOS 10 also included many new features. But perhaps the most game-changing was Apple's move to open up Siri to developers, launching a software development kit (SDK), which Apple calls SiriKit, to help get developers started.

"Siri can be extended into major new areas and do more than ever by working with the apps you love to use," reads Apple's press release about iOS 10's new features. "For the first time, developers can build on the intelligence Siri offers and let users interact directly with apps using just their voice."

iOS 10 launches this fall.

5. iMessage gets creative

Taking cues from the growing popularity of creative messaging from Facebook's Messenger, WhatsApp, and Snapchat, which have emphasized fun and spontaneous customizable features, Apple gave iMessage a total overhaul.

New features include powerful animations, handwritten notes, and a "Tapback" feature that allows users to respond to messages with quick taps.

Overall, Apple's announcements emphasized themes that continue to gain ground in the evolution of the company's operating systems: more user customization, convergence of features among the systems, and more control for developers. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: APPLE INC. ALPHABET INC. 

Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Battle for Artificial Intelligence





ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: APPLE INC. ALPHABET INC.

P

"

Your phone can help you navigate from one side of the country to the other, but it can't answer basic (and important) questions like, "Where's the nearest building exit?" or "Will this couch actually fit in my apartment?"



That's because while your phone may know where you are in the world, it doesn't know where you are in the room.



But, for the past three years, the Project Tango team has been working to help devices understand physical space and motion more like people do.



Today we're taking the next step with the first Tango-enabled phone (Lenovo's PHAB2 Pro).

" Your phone can help you navigate from one side of the country to the other, but it can't answer basic (and important) questions like, "Where's the nearest building exit?" or "Will this couch actually fit in my apartment?"That's because while your phone may know where you are in the world, it doesn't know where you are in the room.But, for the past three years, the Project Tango team has been working to help devices understand physical space and motion more like people do.Today we're taking the next step with the first Tango-enabled phone (Lenovo's PHAB2 Pro).

"

People have neither the time nor the inclination to find those features, then learn how to use them and then incorporate them into their daily lives.



But, after yesterday's announcements, there's a clear solution on the horizon: Siri.



After years of obscurity, Siri looks like it's going to take a central role in future iterations of iOS as it moves from being a passive to an 'active' personal assistant. That means Siri actively suggesting actions and responses depending on your activity.

" People have neither the time nor the inclination to find those features, then learn how to use them and then incorporate them into their daily lives.But, after yesterday's announcements, there's a clear solution on the horizon: Siri.After years of obscurity, Siri looks like it's going to take a central role in future iterations of iOS as it moves from being a passive to an 'active' personal assistant. That means Siri actively suggesting actions and responses depending on your activity.

A

Artificial intelligence and machine learning are the most powerful thematic trends that will shape the future of the world. Whether it is self-driving cars, robotics replacing jobs, virtual reality, connected cities or massive scale computing through the cloud, there is no more powerful under current than artificial intelligence.In that vein, both Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are diving deep into the depths of the various products that can be sold to consumers with the use of artificial intelligence. In a fascinating juxtaposition of Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc., both companies released news in the last few days, both narratives surrounded artificial intelligence, and both are completely different. Let's take a look at reach company's vision, and then see the one company that will win the artificial intelligence market, regardless of which mega cap tech company has the greatest consumer hit product.Let's start with Alphabet, or really, Google. On the company's official blog they announced "Tango," with the tag line: "Tango: See more with a new kind of phone." It's actually quite impressive. We'll share some snippets and then an awesome video.So, that sounds a little ethereal, but the demo video is awesome. Here is a 23 second video:And here is another 23 second video:So that's Alphabet's view of the world. Now, let's turn to Apple Inc.Apple is going the way of its voice recognition assistant Siri. In an article from Forbes entitled "Apple Is Regaining The Magic Of Simplicity" we learned this:While Siri will at some point compete with Amazon.com's Echo, for now the company seems to be using artificial intelligence to get back to its roots -- simplicity. "This is a huge step towards a less confusing mobile experience."Eventually Siri will be the hub for all "Apple Homes." It will integrate with the iPhone, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Apple Car Play and eventually, the actual Apple Car. AS for Alphabet, for now that company has the lead. In fact we posted a dossier surrounding Google's commitment to artificial intelligence going all the way to a patent rendering for its cloud business.The AI revolution is getting pursued by all of the mega cap tech companies. Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg has dedicated 2016 to creating an AI house -- his house. The company is working on projects to have Facebook Messenger use bots to answer questions for brands and increase advertising sales. Tesla is already doing "an Apple" with its cars and Microsoft is knee deep in virtual reality with HoloLens.When it comes down to it, each of these mega caps will battle for a piece of the artificial intelligence revolution. But the real winner will be the technology company that powers all of them. Artificial intelligence is a "thing" now not because the math and algorithms for unsupervised learning are newly introduced, not at all. AI is "a thing" now because one technology company has created the ultra-fast supercomputing capability to make all the futuristic dreams actually turn into reality. It's this tech company we are focused on. WWDC2016: Apple Inc puts human curation at centre of major Apple Music overhaul SAN FRANCISCO   Apple Inc. is betting that humans, not algorithms, are what will set its nascent music-streaming service apart in a crowded field.

 Alogirithms are limited in what they can do,  said Apple Music s Jimmy Iovine, co-founder of Interscope Records who came to the company with Trent Reznor in Apple s Beats acquisition in May, 2014.

 If one of our editors started a list with Let s Stay Together by Al Green, they wouldn t automatically go to Burning Down the House by The Talking Heads because they covered an Al Green song, and then jump to Frank Ocean. 

Related

For the subscription-based model to scale, Iovine said, playlists should be great, entertaining and fun.

Apple is bringing a major overhaul to its subscription service, which is a year old this month. The changes were unveiled at the company s Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Monday and will be pushed out with the new desktop and mobile operating systems in the fall.

 What we really wanted to focus on was simplicity and clarity,  said Reznor, the lead singer of Nine Inch Nails, who has been working with Apple on the streaming service since the Beats purchase.  Within that, there are a lot of other hidden new features that really increase the usability of the app. 

The new Apple Music comes with a new look   cleaner and less cluttered. Some font is bigger, artwork is more prominent and the interface feels more intuitive. The app s bottom tabs have also been shuffled around and now include Library, For You, Browse and Radio. (Connect has been removed, but its features still exist throughout the app.)

 For You is our commitment to personalize music discovery,  Reznor said.

Discovery, Recently Played and Heavy Rotation are new features that will adapt to user behaviour, he said, but there is also more human curation being done behind the scenes.

 We ve learned that a lot of the content that s generated out of our teams (such as playlists, Beats 1 or Apple Music radio) is much, much loved by the people that subscribe to Apple Music,  Robert Kondrk, vice president of Apple content and media apps, said.

 So we re creating more playlists overall, (adding) more radio stations and then the whole design is meant to express all of this content in a way that is easily consumable. 

The emphasis on human curation comes as Apple Music s competitors expand their machine-learning algorithmic methods of offering new recommendations. Spotify, for example, has acquired companies in the past such as such as The Echo Nest to help do just that.

 We have the advantage that we have both,  Eddy Cue, Apple s senior vice president of Internet software and services, said.  We do have algorithms and then we have people who actually curate them without the human curation, you can not have the full picture. 

We re creating more playlists overall, (adding) more radio stations and then the whole design is meant to express all of this content in a way that is easily consumable.

Apple Music has been in the headlines lately over reports that a technological glitch has caused some users  libraries to disappear during a syncing process. The company said it s addressing concerns.

 We have hundreds of millions of people that use iTunes,  Kondrk said.  There are always an occasional this or that, but we investigate every one and make sure music is not lost and it s not. 

Iovine quickly added,  And if there is a tweet (with a problem) that goes up anywhere in the world at any moment, I promise you that  Within a minute and a half, someone has discovered it and the team is on it. 

The Apple Music team said it s very artist driven and wants to create a system that benefits the creators, something it feels free subscription tiers and hands-off services can t offer.

 I ve worked with artists for 41 years now and they have made my life better, so I ve always been trying to make theirs better,  Iovine said.  Free tiers are very damaging because not all artists these days are getting 30 year careers  If you only get one or two hit records (today), you ve got a problem. 

He added,  There s a real economic flaw in the system right now and we are going to do whatever we can to help correct it. 

Financial Post

jomcconnell@postmedia.com

Twitter.com/JoshMcConnell Is Apple Pivoting Into A Subscription Software Company? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is trying to make a big change to its business model to make up for a saturating iPhone market. According to Global Equities Research s Trip Chowdhry, that transition involves creating a unique ecosystem for each of the company s devices.

 Apple is pivoting to becoming a Subscription based Software company,  Chowdhry explained after attending day one of Apple s annual developer conference on Monday.

Related Link: Which Companies Are Winning The Cloud Services War?

Chowdhry says that the new Apple ecosystem revolves around its Swift programming language. Apple's App Store now has 2 million apps and 130 billion downloads. To date, the company has paid $50 billion to its developers.

TvOS has 6,000 native apps and 1,300 channels, iCloud Drive now holds 10 billion documents, Siri services 2 billion requests per week and Apple Music has 15 million paid subscribers. Apple is no longer all about hardware.

According to Chowdhry, there were four major takeaways from day one of WWDC:

1. OS X will be rebranded to macOS and the next version will be called macOS Sierra.

2. WatchOS 3 is expected to be seven times as fast as WatchOS 2.

3. The Apple TV remote app integrates touch, Siri and motion controls.

4. iMessage includes different animations and font sizes.

Disclosure: the author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple MusicAnalyst Color Long Ideas News Events Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. Breaking News: Apple Pay Has an Explosive Future 

Apple Inc. Breaking News: Apple Pay Has an Explosive Future





Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL): Apple Pay Has Explosive Future

B





The move would pit Apple more directly against PayPal.



Source: Apple's payment service [will allow] shoppers to complete a purchase on mobile apps with their fingerprint rather than by entering credit card details.The move would pit Apple more directly against PayPal.Source: Re/code

M

C

Although there were whispers, what Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) just confirmed in its WWDC conference surrounding Apple Pay is nothing short of explosive.Apple announced, as expected, that Apple Pay usage would be extended to its Safari mobile browser. This makes it possible for people to shop online with the iPhone and iPad. But, in what IBD considered a surprise, but what CML Pro announced more than a month ago, Apple also introduced a "Pay with Apple Pay" for Mac users. That's a direct competition with PayPal, Visa and MasterCard.Check out what Apple Inc. announced. It's a total disruption.In an aggressive and shrewd move, we have learned from Re/code that Apple will be bringing its Apple Pay to mobile e-commerce sites.This was the "expected news," that IBD referred to and in and of itself is truly explosive. But, the "unexpected" news, is perhaps yet larger. Now we know that Apple Pay will be available on desktop and laptop products from Apple. That means people will be able to shop online with their Mac or MacBook on e-commerce websites and use Apple Pay for the transaction.While mobile e-commerce is growing rapidly, for now, more than 70% of e-commerce is done on non-mobile devices.So, while Apple has opened up the 30% of the world that does shopping via mobile devices, it has also opened up the rest of the e-commerce world. And the best part: Apple has eliminated the password. Apple has eliminated the credit card, the PayPal account, all of it. Use your finger print and pay. That's it.The sheer size of the just 'mobile pay' market will be absolutely explosive. Transaction volumes are projected to hit $700 billion in yearly sales by just 2020, according to a study by Statista Bank of America has projected transaction values will reach $3 trillion by 2022. But that's just mobile Pay (think, swipe your iPhone and pay) and Apple owns 65% of the market share for mobile Pay with the iPhone and iPad.Apple is already the market leader in that space and now just added every kind of e-commerce transaction possible.While the press has covered Apple's faltering iPhone sales growth, the Pay realm is a totally different story. Growth for Apple has been explosive and the disruption it just brought is unmatched, and unmatchFacebook is trying to needle its way into the pay worlds with Messenger, but so far it has not worked. Google's Android Pay is gaining ground based on its dominant market share of the smartphone market, but the curious thing about iPhones is that transactions of any type, whether they are apps or mobile Pay, just happen a lot more often for Apple users.If we examine Visa, MasterCard and PayPal we see companies that have a combined market cap of over $300 billion. Apple eyes music production to bolster services business - Nikkei<AAPL.O>  
2016-03-16
Apple's iCloud May Be Drifting To Google This is interesting: Apple may be moving a chunk of its iCloud business you know, that ethereal place where you store your photos and documents  to Google's cloud, lessening its dependence on Amazon Web Services, according to a report from tech news site CRN that cites unnamed sources.

If true it will be a big boost for the Google ( goog ) Cloud Platform at a time when it is trying to position itself as one of the big three public cloud providers along with market leader Amazon ( amzn ) Web Services and Microsoft ( msft ) Azure.

In the public cloud model, one company buys and operates huge amounts of compute power, storage and networking bandwidth that it rents out to businesses that do not want to build more of their own infrastructure.

The report comes a week before the Google Next conference, at which the company will likely announce new features and customers for its cloud platform. Diane Greene, the VMware ( vmw ) co-founder who was named as head of Google's enterprise efforts, will be on hand in her first major public forum since taking that job last November.

From the story:

According to the sources, Google executives have told partners that Apple is spending between $400 million and $600 million on Google Cloud Platform, although this couldn t be independently confirmed. Also unclear is whether this range refers to an annual spending rate or a set amount of capacity.

So that's a bunch of wiggle room. Presumably this could also affect Apple's use of Microsoft Azure. Although the companies are typically tight-lipped on such topics. Apple let slip its use of Azure and AWS in this white paper .

Fortune has reached out to all of these companies. Google and Apple did not return calls. An Amazon spokesman sent the following statement:

 It s kind of a puzzler to us because vendors who understand doing business with enterprises respect NDAs with their customers and don t imply competitive defection where it doesn t exist. 

In cloud, Google jockeys for position

But here's the thing. Given Apple's famous insular nature, it's hard to see it relying on these big players in the long term.

Apple is spending a ton on its own data center infrastructure. Last month Morgan Stanley analysts cited $3.9 billion in planned capital spending as an indicator that it is building its own massive data centers in the U.S. and Europe. The analysts said that as Apple starts using more of its own data center capacity, its spending on AWS which the analysts estimated to be $1 billion a year will trail off.

For a look back at iCloud history, check out this video:

The bottom line is that no one outside these companies knows anything officially, but I would guess that Apple knows it has to control its own destiny when it comes to cloud infrastructure.

This is especially true as Google, Amazon, and Microsoft are all huge competitors to various pieces of Apple's business. So for Apple to allow a dependency to grow on one or more of their clouds just doesn't seem likely.

Still it takes years to build data centers. I agree with one long-time cloud watcher and IT consultant who said Apple always wants to control its own technology stack which means Apple will play these cloud providers off against each other until such time it's ready to jettison all of them.

But hey, I've been wrong before.

Note: this story was updated at 7:51 a.m. EDT on March 17, to add a link to the Apple white paper mentioning iCloud's use of AWS and Azure and Amazon's statement. Apple Inc - EU regulators want more info on Apple's Irish tax deal - Reuters News  
2016-10-24
1 Reason Apple Inc.'s A10 Is Ridiculously Impressive For quite some time, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been cranking out one crazy-impressive mobile processor after another. This year's A10 chip, unsurprisingly, contains the fastest processor cores ever crammed into a smartphone -- bar none. The processor performance of even Apple's prior-generation A9 has yet to be matched by any other mobile processor maker.

One interesting thing about the A10 is that it marks the first time that Apple has implemented a scheme in which it runs performance-sensitive tasks on a pair of high-performance cores and lighter tasks on a pair of slower but much more efficient processor cores (which Apple terms high-efficiency cores).

Until now, it was something of a mystery as to whether Apple's high-efficiency cores were an internal Apple design or simply an off-the-shelf, low-power processor like ARM Holdings' Cortex A53.

Thanks to some work done by the Linley Group (via Barron's), that mystery is now solved.

Meet the Apple Zephyr

The Linley Group says that Apple's high-efficiency core is a processor that Apple has codenamed Zephyr. The core is quite small, taking up just 0.78 square millimeters of area on the A10 processor (much smaller than Apple's high-performance Hurricane core found on the same chip), though the Linley Group says it's a bit larger than ARM's Cortex A53 (but I'd imagine that it's more powerful as well).

What's interesting about Zephyr, though, isn't necessarily its power or performance but instead the mere fact that it exists.

Apple broadening its processor portfolio

That Apple has designed an all-new processor core specifically to serve as a "high-efficiency" counterpart to a high-performance core suggests that the company has built its processor/chip teams out even further.

Indeed, Apple now seems to have the capability to crank out a new high-performance CPU core every year, and it also appears to have developed a dedicated team to build future high-efficiency cores (it's very unlikely that the development of Zephyr would have been handled by the same teams that build the high-performance cores). Considering this, I suspect that Apple has no fewer than three dedicated CPU teams.

Why three processor teams?

Based on the significant enhancements that Apple's processor teams make to the high-performance cores each year, I believe that the company has two CPU core development teams working in parallel. In other words, the same strategy that Apple's Mac processor supplier, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), has employed for many years to build its own processor cores aimed at personal computers and servers.

Apple may very well have two parallel teams working on future high-efficiency cores (if Apple is looking to make big annual leaps with its high-efficiency cores, this would make sense), but they could probably get away with having a single team for this series of cores.

Although these cores are important to improving battery life while keeping iPhone performance snappy, a single team can still deliver a modest improvement in one year and a very large improvement in the following year.

This, in this Fool's opinion, is more than adequate given that the high-efficiency cores aren't used for performance-critical applications (though the better these cores get, the greater the number of tasks that Apple can allocate to them, potentially improving battery life -- something that really matters to smartphone users).

Apple's world-class chip team

Apple's chip team continues to demonstrate year-in and year-out that it's not just good, but it is a best-in-class chip development team. The main processor is a key enabler of the user experience on a smartphone, so it's a clear positive for Apple that it continues to lead the pack on this front. Apple Stock: What's Next For Apple Inc. (AAPL) After It Scales Down Project Titan? Apple appears to be scaling down Project Titan.

The current roadmap for the project remains unclear.

What's likely to emerge as the next growth driver for the company?.

In one of my previous articles, I discussed the potential of Project Titan becoming the next big thing for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). But new reports now say that Apple has laid off or assigned new roles to hundreds of the project's members as the company shifts its attention from straight manufacturing to partnering with automakers to integrate software, information systems, or self-driving capabilities in future auto models.

Also Read: TSLA Stock: NVIDIA Powered Computer Vision System Will Drive Tesla Motors Inc

Unlike a company like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) which is quite clear with its self-driving car ambitions, Apple is anything but an open book .While the prospects of automakers coming up with high-end ''Applefied'' luxury models remains a distinct possibility, the current roadmap is not as clear-cut as the previous one. Previously, Apple had set a tentative late-2017 deadline to determine the feasibility of developing an autonomous driving system. But that now hangs in the balance. Then there's the question of how many automakers will agree to convert to the Apple ecosystem. Licensing self-driving technology might seem like an easier option but that means that the company will have to compete with well-established players such as Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY). Moreover, self-driving software is currently a rather small market--Mobileye, the market leader in this segment, has TTM revenue of ~$300M.

Despite its generous capital return program, Apple is still sitting on a huge cash pile worth more than $200B, so it can conceivably acquire a major automaker instead of trying to do everything in-house. Apple though is not known to be fond of making large acquisitions.

Currently, it would not be a stretch to say that Apple's pipeline of future products appears rather fuzzy. Or does it?

Soft iPhone Outlook

Although there is no concrete data available yet, current indications are that iPhone 7 sales are flat-to-lower compared to iPhone 6. The Fiksu iOs tracker puts iPhone 7 adoption at 2.9% while 7 Plus has an adoption rate of 1.4%. That's a far cry compared to iPhone 6 and 6 Plus which had an adoption rate of 6.3% and 1.7%, respectively, at the same stage of their lifecycle. Apple's iPhone install base, however, has nearly doubled over the past two years so the actual difference in absolute numbers might not be as big as that data suggests.

The iPhone has been facing increasing competition, especially from Chinese manufacturers such as Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo, and Huawei, and might soon have to contend with Google's Pixel. This does not augur well for Apple in the long-term since the Middle Kingdom has consistently been its fastest growing market. In fact, the situation is quite dire and UBS recently warned that Chinese devices perceived as comparable in quality and functionality to the iPhone could depress iPhone 7 sales in the country.

With a tepid outlook for the iPhone, what will be the next big thing to come out of Cupertino?

Virtual reality and Augmented reality

U.S. tech companies have lately been investing heavily in virtual and augmented reality, two technologies that have been slated to become as disruptive as mobile.Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) bought Oculus in a $2 billion deal while Google snapped up Magic Leap for $542 million. Meanwhile, Microsoft is set to start shipping its delightful HoloLens in late November.Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) has its Playstation VR while HTC has Vive.

And now there's growing evidence that Apple could be developing a VR headset. The company has filed patents and even poached VR/AR experts, including the COO of the company that designs the iPhone 7 GPU. There is no word yet regarding Apple's date of launch, which is hardly surprising given the company's secretive nature when it comes to pipeline projects. But given the flurry of VR/AR activity in Silicon Valley, it might not take more than a year before the company's VR/AR device hits the market.

But what's the potential market for VR/AR? According to Digi-Capital, the current market is pegged at just $4B, but is expected to grow exponentially over the next couple of years to hit $150B in 2020.

Source: Digi-Capital

Digi-Capital and many VR/AR experts expect AR to take the lion's share of the market. And that's a good thing for Apple because Tim Cook recently said that he prefers AR to VR, saying the emerging technology is more commercially viable because it allows the user to be more present.

Mr. Cook's comments make sense because whereas VR is great for games and 3D films and offers a more immersive experience than AR, the technology might have rather limited real-life applications since the user would bump into things if they were to use it on the streets. Meanwhile, AR allows the users to enjoy the experience while going about most normal activities. This can potentially increase its real-life applications including use in voice calls, games, consumer apps, film/TV streaming, web browsing, and theme parks.

Investor Takeaway

The good thing for Apple is that that VR/AR are emerging technologies and the potential market could really take off in a few years. Apple is usually not the first to the market with most new technologies but is usually able to quickly cut itself a respectable niche due to the company's dedication to quality and providing a superior consumer experience. You can expect that the company's VR/AR devices will continue this legacy.

In the meantime, Apple's ability to return to growth might be dictated by how fast its Services business matures, as I explained here.

Looking for Technology Stocks to buy? Check out Amigobulls Latest Top Technology Stock Picks. How Apple Inc. (AAPL) HomeKit Protects Against DDoS Attacks Last week, popular websites, apps and services went down when internet traffic company Dyn was hit by a series of DDoS attacks. In the aftermath, it turns out the attackers were part of a botnet consisting of millions of connected smart-home devices. This is exactly the kind of hacking Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) HomeKit was designed to prevent.

Source: Apple

Chances are, you were affected in some way by last week s internet outages. Servers across the U.S.  especially on the East Coast   were impacted when Dyn, an internet infrastructure company, was hit by a series of denial of services (DDoS) attacks.

Many popular websites and services were offline or sporadically down for the better part of a day, including those of Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ).

According to a statement published by Dyn, the company was hit by three DDoS attacks that overwhelmed its support staff. There were tens of millions of IP addresses involved in the attack by a botnet   a cluster of devices taken over by hackers using Mirai malware and commandeered to attack Dyn.

As it turns out, the botnet doing the attacking wasn t infected computers. It was millions of smart home devices, like connected cameras. In other words, the Internet of Things was used for a historic attack. And it was possible because of poor security   an issue that has been the subject of repeated warnings.

With the average North American home now having 13 internet-connected devices, the security implications of lax smart home security are suddenly much more than a scenario. They have been proven to be real, and to have serious consequences.

Your smart thermostat, TV, door lock, speaker or camera could be hacked and become part of the next attack.

Apple HomeKit Was Designed to Help Prevent This Scenario

Apple was relatively late to the table with its HomeKit smart home platform. It was introduced in 2014, and the first HomeKit-compatible smart devices didn t start rolling out until a year later. A big part of that delay was likely the security demands AAPL placed on manufacturers, including the added cost of an authentication chip each device requires.

Next Page How Apple Pay Might Save Apple Inc. (AAPL, PYPL) When Apple Inc. (AAPL) launched Apple Pay, its mobile payments solution, in Oct 2014, the company s move was expected to be a game changer and herald a burst of innovation and activity in the payments space. Two years later, the service has had modest growth even as competitors have emerged and, in some cases, surged ahead.

During the company s July earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the service had shown a 400 percent growth in user growth as compared to previous year numbers. (But he did not provide a baseline number for comparison). It racked up $10.5 billion in payment volume and is present in 11 countries. Still that number pales in comparison to the statistics offered up by competitor Paypal Holdings Inc. (PYPL) during its latest earnings call. The San Jose-based company reported $26 billion in mobile payments volume for the last quarter, up 56% year over year, and said it was on track to process $100 billion in the next 12 months. (See also: Apple Pay Takes Direct Shot At PayPal.)

Mark Ranta, head of digital banking solutions at ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW), a payment systems company, said Apple Pay suffers from two hurdles to growth. The first one is the lack of ubiquity for Apple Pay readers.  Apple Pay is not as ubiquitous as credit card or cash registers,  said Ranta, adding that this was due to the market and complexity of the U.S. market. (See also: How Does Apple Pay Work?)

As an illustration, he pointed to the range of options, from Square Inc. s (SQ) credit card readers to Paypal s card readers, available to small business. Apple Pay has yet to distinguish itself in such a crowded marketplace. The second hurdle is related to lack of consumer awareness about the benefits that Apple Pay provides to its users. According to Ranta, the benefits of Apple Pay, such as increased security, are not immediately clear to its users, who prefer swiping their credit cards instead.

In July, Cook had said that Apple Pay revenues were less about profits and more about  a great feature for our customers with iPhones. Since then, the Cupertino company has launched in-browser payments with Apple Pay to enter direct competition with online payment services. Given the services  segment increasing importance to Apple s bottom line, investors can expect Apple Pay to play an important role in the company s ecosystem. How to Trade Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock AFTER Earnings It s a major earnings week for large-cap tech stocks that week, and that s going to include a big report from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL )   and likely a big move in AAPL stock   on Tuesday.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) are among the big tech stocks on the quarterly financial docket this week, and the host of them should really move markets. But AAPL stock in specific is expected to move about 4.50% in either direction following its earnings report, which is scheduled for Tuesday after the close of trading.

Large-cap tech stocks   the top 10 of which make up a meaningful proportion of the S&P 500 Index   have helped to keep the benchmark afloat over the past few months. While underneath the surface, plenty of sectors made lower highs versus their 2015 highs, the technology sector continues to push higher.

In other words, should AAPL and some of the other large-cap tech stocks disappoint on outlook this week, or should investors otherwise decide to react negatively, the broader market could become much more volatile.

As a reminder, the month of October, historically speaking, tends to bring about at least one volatility surprise (volatility spike). Thus far, October has been eerily quiet leading up the elections.

But we have one more trading week left for the month.

AAPL Stock Charts

For some perspective, let s look at Apple s stock charts.

Note in the first chart that AAPL stock at its 2016 lows in May still held its multiyear support line. This support line also coincides with the red 200-week simple moving average. The rally has since pushed Apple shares out of the downtrend that had been in place since early 2015 when the stock began to stall.

From this angle, Apple stock remains on a bull train.

The question I have: Does AAPL still need a pause or a reset before it can push even higher into year s end? Tuesday s earnings report should be a good toggle point for the stock, at least in the near-term.



Click to Enlarge

As of Friday s close, the options market was pricing in a roughly 4.5% directional move (either way) for AAPL stock following its earnings report. Looking at the daily chart, this would mean an upside rally toward around $122, and a downside move toward about $111.50, which also coincides with the yellow 50-day moving average.

Next Page Apple says 'Apple Watch Nike+' will be available Friday, Oct. 28  
2016-03-27
Why the A10X May Be Apple Inc.'s First 10-Nanometer Chip At this point, it's quite clear that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new iPad launch timeframes will be in the spring rather than in the fall. The 12.9-inch iPad Pro that launched late last year seems a counter-example to this, but in a recent profile of Apple chip guru Johny Srouji, it was revealed that this device was actually supposed to launch in the spring of 2015 packing an A8X chip, but the rest of the pieces weren't ready.

I believe that Apple will skip the release of a new larger iPad this fall and will refresh both the smaller Pro as well as the larger Pro in the spring of 2017. I also believe that the chip that will power both -- likely to be called the A10X -- will be the iDevice maker's very first chips built on Taiwan Semiconductor's (NYSE:TSM) 10-nanometer manufacturing technology.

Apple already running into the limits of 16-nanometer FinFET+

A portion of Apple's A9 chips, as well as all of the A9X chips, are built on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus manufacturing process. This technology, coupled with a lot of very good architectural enhancements on Apple's part, made the A9 and A9X processors the mobile processors to beat.

What I found particularly interesting, though, is that the A9X chip that Apple wasn't able to run it at full-tilt inside of the slim 9.7-inch iPad Pro; it had to reduce the CPU speed slightly and the graphics performance significantly in the smaller iPad Pro model.

The A9X chip is also quite large, measuring in at a whopping 147 square millimeters.

Although Apple could probably do another generation of chip on 16-nanometer FinFET Plus, enhancing the architecture in a bid to get better performance in the desired power envelope, TSMC has said that it will go into production on its 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology in late 2016/early 2017.

It makes a lot more sense, then, for Apple's next iPad processor to be built on this 10-nanometer technology than on the 16-nanometer node.

What will 10-nanometer buy Apple?

TSMC claims that its 10-nanometer technology will deliver around twice the number of transistors in a given area and either 18% better performance at a given power level or the same performance at as much as 40% less power than 16-nanometer FinFET Plus.

Using the 10-nanometer process, Apple's A10X could see a significant increase in the number of graphics cores implemented (graphics workloads scale nicely with additional hardware resources). Apple could also, through a combination of better transistor performance and improved architecture, deliver a pretty substantial boost in CPU performance as well.

Since the 10-nanometer process is likely to be quite immature at first, it would make sense to go into production on the relatively low-volume A10X on it first. This should help yield learning so that when it comes time to ramp production of the A11 chip for the much more important iPhone product line (which will presumably also be on the 10-nanometer process), yields will be in good shape, meaning Apple can get all the chips it needs at a reasonable cost. 
2016-04-25
Qualcomm Inc. Reveals Apple Inc. iPhone Weakness Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) is currently the only company that supplies stand-alone cellular modems in new Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhones. Apple is also probably the only smartphone maker that uses stand-alone modems in large quantities.

This means that a reasonable way to get a read on how Apple might be doing would be to listen for any clues around the demand and/or mix of what Qualcomm refers to as "slim modems" (i.e. modems not integrated with an applications processor).

Unfortunately for Apple stock, the clues from Qualcomm's call weren't positive.

Here's what Qualcomm had to say

On Qualcomm's call, analyst C.J. Muse noted that Qualcomm's implied revenue guidance per MSM (modems and applications processors that integrate modems) is headed upwards in the coming quarter.

Qualcomm CFO George Davis explained this outlook as follows (emphasis mine):

I think the dynamics that are driving the significant pickup that we are seeing in Q3 remain in place for Q4; very good mix, strong demand for our premium tier, again, a shift from low tier into the mid and high tier, and then some softness certainly comparatively year over year on thin modem volumes, which tend to depress revenues per MSM.

This commentary seems to suggest that thin modem shipments to Apple should be down in the current quarter (June quarter) and down again in the following quarter. This may dash some hopes around Apple potentially seeing enough stabilization following its widely reported "inventory adjustment" to get shipments to around flattish year-over-year.

This seems to corroborate other reports

Prior to Qualcomm's earnings call, there were other reports suggesting that iPhone weakness would continue into the coming quarters.

For example, Nikkei Asian Review -- which was one of the first, if not the first, to report on the initial round of supply chain cuts earlier this year -- published an article claiming that Apple's supply chain cuts would extend into the April-June quarter.

KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo, who was one of the first analysts to publicly suggest that the iPhone 6s-series would decline relative to the iPhone 6-series, also recently published a fairly dim view of iPhone shipments for 2016. According to Kuo, iPhone sales in 2016 could hit only between 190 million and 210 million units.

Expect disappointment on earnings day

I don't think that it's reasonable to expect Apple's iPhone shipments (which make up the majority of its revenue and profits) to surprise on earnings day, scheduled for April 26. There's good reason to believe that iPhone shipments will continue to see year-over-year declines in the coming two quarters.

Beyond those two quarters is hard to call. On one hand, some investors and analysts have been expecting an iPhone 6-esque "super cycle" with the iPhone 7. Although I expect significant generation-over-generation innovations, particularly with respect to the internal components, the "big" redesign that some may have been hoping for might not arrive until the 2017 iPhone.

Though far from a foregone conclusion, there is risk that Apple may once again see year-over-year iPhone unit declines in the coming product cycle, particularly if the really noticeable improvements are being saved up for a future iPhone. 
2016-10-05
Apple, Inc. Earnings Get Rescheduled -- But Why? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had previously scheduled to report its fourth-quarter earnings on Thursday, Oct. 27. But a "scheduling conflict" recently prompted Apple to move its earnings to Oct. 25. The rare rescheduling of Apple's earnings release has prompted speculation that the tech giant is planning a product launch event in its place.

Is Apple planning an event on Oct. 27?

Numerous reports have pointed to an Apple event in October. Of course, an October Apple event wouldn't be out of the norm. The company has launched new products during October in four out of the last five years. The bigger question, of course, would be why Apple would want to move its earnings release earlier so the company can launch products on Oct. 27.

The most plausible explanation for Apple moving its earnings release for an Apple event is that it doesn't want declining iPhone sales overshadowing product launch news. It's no secret Apple is likely to report a year-over-year decline in total revenue, driven by declining iPhone sales, for its fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. Apple has guided for revenue to decline anywhere between 11.7% to 7.8% in Q4 year over year. Even if Apple beats its own guidance for the quarter, revenue is still likely to be down on a year-over-year basis, making headlines reporting declining sales nearly inevitable. By scheduling an Apple event after earnings instead of before, the company can replace earnings headlines with ones focused on its latest products.

The ever-active Apple rumor mill expects the company's October event to be focused on Mac products.

One product likely to debut at the fall event is a significantly overhauled MacBook Pro. Expectations for a new MacBook Pro started gaining steam when the very reliable and well-connect Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, from KGI Securities, said (via 9to5Mac) Apple plans to introduce a "thinner and lighter" version of the device this year. The new MacBook Pro will take design cues from the recently overhauled MacBook, include Touch ID support, and a new OLED display touch bar, Kuo said.

Other products the Apple rumor mill has speculated could debut at an October event are new MacBook Airs and iMacs, and maybe even a 5K display.

An October Apple event would be smart

An October event with new Mac products would be a boon for the company at a very important time.

Not only are many of Apple's Mac products overdue for a refresh, but the segment has been hurting recently. Lacking new products to help sales, Apple's Mac segment revenue was down 13% in the company's most recent quarter. With Mac sales accounting for about 12% of Apple's total revenue, declining revenue in this segment can drag Apple's overall business.

Further, by refreshing its Mac products ahead of the holidays, Apple would help set itself up for a big holiday quarter. Combining new Macs with a recent launch of the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2, Apple would have a shot at returning to year-over-year revenue growth in Q1.

Investors, of course, shouldn't fret over the exact date of an Apple launch event. Whether the event is scheduled before or after earnings won't make a difference in the company's business over the long haul. But the date change for a "scheduling conflict" does make a strong case for an Apple product launch event in October. It's Official: Google Is the New Apple Yesterday, Google held an event to announce its vision for the future. The company also launched multiple new products, including a new flagship phone to compete with the iPhone.

That's right. Google held a keynote, and everybody's talking about it.

Sound familiar?

What makes this more than just a little significant is that Apple, the company that built a reputation for shaping the world of technology over the past few decades, held its own keynote less than a month ago.

And it was a complete bore.

Before you continue reading, you should know I'm actually an Apple fan. I use an iPhone and iPad, and I still prefer these devices to the competition. But I consider myself an "equal opportunity" tech user, and have supported both Microsoft and Google for their recent moving and shaking.

And as I watched Google's event, which was branded "Made by Google," I felt something I haven't felt in a long time when watching one of these things.

Excitement.

A Changing of the guard

Google's event wasn't all exciting, mind you. Some segments went too long, and the speakers could have used some presentation training.

But the products felt fresh, and everything seemed to come together in a way we haven't seen for a while.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai is a great symbol of the company. Admittedly, Pichai's not as charismatic as Apple's late co-founder and visionary, Steve Jobs.

But listen to Pichai for a few minutes and you'll see that he's not only very smart, he also has that special knack to see where the future is heading, and to focus on the right things. Often as he spoke, I found myself nodding in agreement.

For example, consider Pichai's analysis of the current shift in technology:

When I look ahead at where computing is headed, it's clear to me that we are heading, evolving from a mobile first to an A.I. first world.

Mind you, this isn't a new, brilliant revelation. After all, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella recently announced a similar shift for his company.

But Pichai's vision has more clarity--he seems to get what the common person is looking for from A.I. It was Steve Jobs who famously said, "A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you've shown it to them."

Where Nadella tries to force Microsoft's version of A.I. on consumers, Pichai and his team make us want theirs.

Of course, if there's one thing Jobs and Apple did well it was presentation. They made great products, for sure. But they also knew how to use visuals and music to work our emotions--to get us to feel the same way about those products as they did.

Rather than just take a page out of Apple's book (which I feel Microsoft has done with its marketing), Google's presentation is beautiful, while showing off its unique, fun personality.

Just check out the ad for the Pixel, Google's new iPhone competitor:

Did you notice the direct digs at Apple?

And how about this one, introducing Google Wifi:

Pichai also introduced the company's new products in two of the hottest areas of tech. The Daydream View is the first headset for Google's Daydream virtual reality platform. And Google Home is a "smart home assistant," similar to the Amazon Echo, which will put all of that A.I. to work in your home--and provide a hub for appliances that connect to the internet of things.

There's a certain appeal to a company having full control, beginning to end, over both software and the hardware that will run it. That played a large role in Apple's climb to the top, and it's part of what has made Microsoft exciting again. Now, Google is foraying deeper into that same world, making things even more interesting.

Along with Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon, Google will be fighting hard over the next few years to expand its empire, and to create the ecosystem of choice for the modern consumer. Since each company holds certain advantages over its competitors, it has been difficult to pick a clear leader of the pack.

That is, until yesterday.

Because from where I'm sitting, Google just upped the ante for everyone. Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - Recode, citing sources  
2016-11-02
Apple, Inc.'s New MacBook Pro Is a Hit Despite Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) aggressive move to ditch a wide range of ports on its new MacBook Pro, including the older Thunderbolt port, HDMI, classic USB jacks, and the SD card slot, consumers appear perfectly willing to adapt. The new Touch-Bar equipped laptop is reportedly garnering more orders than any MacBook Pro in history.

Phil Schiller talks Apple's new MacBook Pro

"And we are proud to tell you that so far our online store has had more orders for the new MacBook Pro than any other pro notebook before," said Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller in an interview with The Independent this week. "So there certainly are a lot of people as excited as we are about it."

Of course, it's not entirely surprising the new product is selling well. Sporting Apple's new Touch Bar, or a multi-touch enabled strip of glass built into the keyboard for accessing customized, app-specific tools on demand, Apple's new MacBook Pro represents a significant step in innovation for Apple's pro series of laptops. But in light of the product's criticism in the media, some may have questioned whether demand for the new product would be limited.

The media has criticized Apple's decision to remove so many ports in favor of a sleeker design and USB-C. Apple's removal of the SD card slot, in particular, has been a subject of criticism. Often used for transferring large files of photos and videos from cameras to computers, the SD card is still commonly used by photographers.

So far, however, record MacBook Pro sales suggest consumers seem to be overlooking any negative effects of Apple's port-killing spree.

Maybe consumers can relate with Schiller, who told The Independent that Apple believed the slot was cumbersome. Here's exactly what Schiller said when The Independent asked Schiller why the company removed the important slot.

Because of a couple of things. One, it's a bit of a cumbersome slot. You've got this thing sticking halfway out. Then there are very fine and fast USB card readers, and then you can use CompactFlash as well as SD. So we could never really resolve this -- we picked SD because more consumer cameras have SD but you can only pick one. So, that was a bit of a trade-off. And then more and more cameras are starting to build wireless transfer into the camera. That's proving very useful. So we think there's a path forward where you can use a physical adaptor if you want, or do wireless transfer.

It shouldn't be a surprise

However consumers feel about the SD card-less MacBook Pro, Apple will likely continue killing off ports for years to come. Ever since Apple controversially ditched the floppy drive in 1998, the company has continued to eliminate numerous ports swiftly and early. Other important ports to get the ax early on include the disc drive and the 30-pin connector. And the September launch of an iPhone 7 without a headphone jack confirmed the tech giant's ambition for moving toward a wireless future.

Killing off ports has worked out handsomely for Apple in the past, and the SD card slot's eradication from MacBook Pro laptops will likely pan out similarly for the company -- even if it disappoints some customers in the near term. How Would Apple, Inc. Even Pay for a Massive Media Acquisition? The market price for media content creators is on the rise. As telecommunications giants continue scooping up content plays in an effort to take over more of the value chain while fending off being relegated to dumb pipes, content companies are seeing themselves enjoy premium valuations. The biggest and most recent example is AT&T's (NYSE:T) current pending acquisition of Time Warner (NYSE:TWX), a massive $85.4 billion deal that was announced less than two weeks ago.

Ahead of that announcement, there were reports that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had considered making an offer and had discussed possible business combinations with Time Warner, which owns HBO and CNN, among other valuable media assets. Speculating on Apple acquisitions is essentially an investing pastime at this point, and over the years many have suggested that Apple should acquire dominant online video streamer Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Here's a recent argument in favor of such a deal by Stratechery analyst Ben Thompson.

Hopefully he doesn't mean that literally

Investors used to be able to rule out most acquisition speculation immediately based on the implied deal size, pointing to Apple's history of only making small, targeted acquisitions that were predicated on innovative technology that could be integrated into future products. The smaller, the better, as Apple would often subsequently shut down the target's business, since those revenue streams would be negligible relative to Apple's consolidated financials.

This has changed in recent years under CEO Tim Cook, who will no longer rule out a potential deal based on size provided that it's the right strategic fit. Cook has expressed this many times, most recently on the earnings call last month:

We are open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more. And so we look at a whole variety of companies, and based on that, we choose whether to move forward or not. But we're definitely open and we definitely look.

The "any size" part is actually kind of terrifying, since the last thing I want as an Apple investor is for the company to start making Microsoft-esque blockbuster acquisitions that come back to attack the balance sheet. The largest acquisition that Apple has ever made was Beats for about $3 billion, which itself was about six times larger than any prior known acquisition. Now that larger deals are seemingly on the table, investors have to actually start considering the implications of any potential megadeal. When we start talking about massive media-related acquisitions in the U.S., how would Apple even consider paying for it?

But at what cost?

For the record, Apple is not interested in getting into a bidding war over Time Warner, according to CNBC. The initial reports said Apple only had preliminary talks that never really proceeded in a meaningful way, either. AT&T doesn't have to worry about Apple cutting in here. But there are still other fish in the sea, such as aforementioned video streamer Netflix.

Netflix's current enterprise value is about $54 billion. As a quick refresher, enterprise value is a relevant metric for potential acquisitions, particularly if the target company has debt since the acquirer would need to acquire that debt net of cash. Enterprise value is calculated as a company's market cap plus the market value of debt minus net cash.

That $54 billion figure wouldn't include the $1 billion in debt that Netflix raised after the close of the quarter to fund original content production. The offering has no immediate impact on enterprise value, since the cash received will equal the debt issued, but as Netflix spends the cash that it received while maintaining that long-term debt, its enterprise value will rise even further. After the offering, Netflix should have about $3.4 billion in long-term debt.

Any acquisition of Netflix would conservatively cost at least $60 billion, and Apple doesn't have that kind of money laying around stateside. At the end of last quarter, Apple had "just" $21.6 billion in domestic cash, with the remaining $216 billion being held by foreign subsidiaries. So particularly for any potential U.S.-based deal of this magnitude, cash funding really isn't an option.

Bad and worse

The other two options would be taking out a massive amount of debt to fund a megadeal, or doing an all-stock transaction. Neither sound appealing. For example, let's just say Apple needs $50 billion to do some deal.

Apple has been accumulating copious amounts of debt in order to fund its share repurchase program. If you also include commercial paper that Apple uses for working capital purposes, Apple now has $87 billion in total debt. The notion of Apple taking on another $50 billion in debt (which would itself be the largest debt offering in history) to pay for a megadeal does not sound realistic or attractive, even if Apple's balance sheet could theoretically handle it.

Conversely, issuing $50 billion in stock would also be a terrible idea. For starters, any acquirer that is highly confident in a deal should structure the deal in all cash, so that any subsequent value creation is fully captured by the acquirer and its shareholders. Structuring a deal with stock transfers some of the risk to the target and its shareholders, should the acquisition not work out well. More importantly, issuing that much stock would be extremely dilutive to shareholders. That amount would translate into over 450 million new shares, representing about 9% dilution relative to the current 5.39 billion shares outstanding. It would also negate much of the share repurchase program that Apple has aggressively implemented, where it has bought back $133 billion worth of stock over the past four years.

It's hard to fathom Apple making an acquisition of this size, jumping from a historical high price of $3 billion to anything even approaching $50 billion. But based on Cook's comments, we have to think it through now. The best-case scenario would be a tax repatriation holiday, which would allow Apple to refill its domestic coffers at low tax rates. Apple has been lobbying Congress for this for years, but even without it Cook might still repatriate billions of dollars next year, setting aside billions more for taxes.

If Apple doesn't repatriate and still wants to pursue some megadeal, it has to choose some combination of a bad option and a worse option. Apple Inc.'s Massive R&D Spending Explained My fellow Foolish colleague Evan Niu recently penned an excellent column discussing Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) skyrocketing investments in research and development. In a nutshell, even as Apple's revenue growth has slowed (and, in the case of fiscal year 2016, turned negative), the company has continued to ratchet up its spending on research and development.

The slowing revenue picture, coupled with continued growth in research-and-development spending, has eaten into Apple's overall profitability, which may draw concern from some investors.

Now, even though a good chunk of that now quite large research-and-development budget is probably being spent in service of all new product categories that haven't yet begun to generate revenue (Evan mentions augmented and virtual reality, and self-driving cars as two examples), I believe that a large part of the growth is also spent servicing of the company's existing product lines.

The natural R&D inflation

Investors should always expect the costs to develop future versions of existing product lines (e.g., the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Watch) to gradually rise. That natural inflation in research-and-development spending is driven by several factors.

One obvious one is the fact that many companies, especially healthy ones, tend to give their employees raises. Even if one figures that these raises are on the order of 2% to 3% per year, that's still going to have a real impact on a company's operating expenses.

Beyond that, there's the simple fact that these devices become much more complex in terms of both hardware and software each and every year. The sheer amount of engineering effort that goes into building something like the iPhone 8 is going to be way more than what it took to build the much less sophisticated iPhone 5.

Advancing the state of the art doesn't come cheap.

Apple is bringing more technology development in-house

Back in April 2015, in response to a question from an analyst about Apple's increasing research-and-development spending, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said the company is "developing some core foundational technologies more in-house now than we have in the past."

By bringing key technologies in-house, the company can tailor technologies to better suit its product needs. This, ideally, should allow Apple to deliver superior user experiences.

More importantly, though, by bringing more technology development capabilities in-house, it can work on proprietary features and innovations that it can keep exclusive to its own products for longer -- potentially opening competitive advantages for Apple's products in the marketplace.

Don't worry about Apple's R&D spending if it produces results

In an ideal world, Apple (or any company, really) would be able to spend an anemic amount of money on research and development while bringing in large amounts of revenue at high gross profit margins. Unfortunately, that's just not how it works.

The key is for Apple to spend what it must to make sure its products in its core markets are best-in-class while making smart bets on new technologies, products, and services that could potentially open large revenue streams in the future.

So far, I'd say Apple has done a good job of managing that, so investors should have a little faith that if Apple is boosting its spending that it's doing so to maximize long-term shareholder value. Apple Inc. Has an iPhone 7 Plus Problem On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) most recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said that "worldwide demand for both iPhone 7 and 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus."

Later in the call, when asked by an analyst whether the company expected to reach supply/demand balance by the end of the quarter with respect to both iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Cook said:

It's hard to say. I believe that on iPhone 7 we will. On iPhone 7 Plus, I'm not sure. I wouldn't say yes at this point, because the underlying demand looks extremely strong on both products, but particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus versus our forecast going into the product launch.

For Apple, the fact that the iPhone 7 Plus is selling better than expected, compared with its expectations relative to the iPhone 7, is both a blessing and a curse. Here's why.

It's good to see strong demand for the Plus

The good news for Apple is that if the mix of iPhone 7 Plus it sells relative to iPhone 7 remains significantly higher throughout the current product cycle, then Apple could be looking at a not-so-trivial boost in average selling prices.

In the past, Apple's Plus models would sell for a $100 premium relative to their regular-sized counterparts -- already a hefty premium. This year, each iPhone 7 Plus model sells for a full $120 more than the corresponding iPhone 7 model, so the potential average selling price upside this year from a mix shift toward the Plus is much greater this time around than it was in prior cycles.

Indeed, had the mix of demand between the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus simply remained constant relative to prior generation models -- which is probably what Apple had planned for, as past performance is arguably the best indicator of future performance -- the $20 increase alone would have helped Apple's iPhone average selling prices.

But the combination of the higher average selling price and richer mix of unit shipments could prove quite a boon for the iDevice maker's iPhone revenue.

In a nutshell, the richer-than-expected mix of Plus sales, combined with the price increase on this year's Plus models relative to those from the last two product cycles, is obviously good news for Apple.

It'd be bad if Apple can't reach supply/demand balance during the quarter

Robust demand for higher-priced devices is good news, but if the company can't satisfy it in a timely fashion, that could potentially be bad news. Ideally, any demand for the iPhone 7 Plus that ultimately can't be met during the current quarter would just be pushed out to the following quarter. I suspect that this will be the case for most of the demand that's unmet during the quarter, but not for all of it.

Indeed, many of Apple's competitors release new flagship devices in the February-March time frame, so if a customer is stuck waiting too long to get his or her hands on the iPhone 7 Plus, he or she may simply decide to wait and see what the other smartphone vendors bring to the table -- lowering the odds that this customer will ultimately choose an iPhone 7 Plus.

In a nutshell, for Apple to maximize its iPhone revenue in 2017, it has to crank out more iPhone 7 Plus devices as quickly as possible. Apple: Down, But Not Out  Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Might be a Great Pick One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Apple Inc. AAPL . This is because this security in the Computer-Mini space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks Industry Rank perspective.





This is important because, often times, a rising tide will lift all boats in an industry, as there can be broad trends taking place in a segment that are boosting securities across the board. This is arguably taking place in the Computer-Mini space as it currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 53 out of more than 250 industries, suggesting it is well-positioned from this perspective, especially when compared to other segments out there.Meanwhile, Apple is actually looking pretty good on its own too. The firm has seen solid earnings estimate revision activity over the past month, suggesting analysts are becoming a bit more bullish on the firm's prospects in both the short and long term.

APPLE INC Price and Consensus

APPLE INC Price and Consensus | APPLE INC Quote

In fact, over the past month, current quarter estimates have risen from $3.07 per share to $3.23 per share, while current year estimates have risen from $8.96 per share to $9.14 per share. The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), which is also a favorable signal.You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here .

So, if you are looking for a decent pick in a strong industry, consider Apple. Not only is its industry currently in the top third, but it is seeing solid estimate revisions as of late, suggesting it could be a very interesting choice for investors seeking a name in this great industry segment.

Confidential from Zacks



Beyond this Tale of the Tape, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 
2016-10-07
Apple Inc. Preparing 3 New iPads for Spring Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad line of tablet computers is no longer the massive growth business it once was. In fact, it has suffered significant year-over-year declines for many quarters. Yet iPads still represented approximately 10% of the iDevice maker's revenue in the company's last fiscal year.

It is also a segment that Apple's still quite serious about investing in. According to Mac Otakara, a generally reliable source of Apple news and leaks, the iDevice maker is planning to refresh its iPad lineup this coming spring with three new models.

Meaningful display changes

Today, Apple offers its iPads in three display sizes: 7.9, 9.7, and 12.9 inches. Mac Otakara says the upcoming iPad refresh will replace the 9.7-inch tablet with one that's 10.1 inches and that the new models will include displays that support the wider DCI-P3 color gamut that the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro and iPhone 7 series already do. The new iPads are also expected to support Apple's True Tone display technology, allowing the devices to adjust the color temperatures of their displays in real time. True Tone is currently available only on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro.

Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reported back in August that Apple's next iPad would use a "faster display technology" -- in other words, high refresh rate displays. These should significantly improve the user experience in day-to-day usage and should also enhance the experience in gaming applications -- assuming that the graphics performance is there, which is why I predict the next chip iteration (A10X) to deliver a substantial improvement in graphics performance relative to the A9X and A10.

Better cameras for the largest and the smallest iPads

Currently, only the 9.7-inch iPad Pro features a 12-megapixel rear camera sensor. The smaller iPad Mini 4 and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro are still saddled with older-generation 8-megapixel sensors.

The report says that the new iPads will all get 12-megapixel sensors. All of these new iPads will apparently have wide color displays, and given that the 12-megapixel sensors inside the iPhone 7-series smartphones are able to capture wide color photos, I expect Apple to carry over the same rear camera sensors from the iPhone 7 to these new iPads.

Mac Otakara doesn't say anything about the front-facing, or "selfie," cameras on these devices, but given that only the new 7-megapixel front-facing shooters on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus support wide color capture, I expect Apple to carry that sensor over to the new iPads as well.

Quad microphone setup

The report also says that all of the new iPad Pros will include a quad-microphone setup, an upgrade from the dual-microphone setup currently used in the iPad lineup. This doesn't seem like a game changer, but Apple does advertise the dual-microphone setup in the current iPads as being helpful for "calls, video recording, and audio recording."

Presumably, the move to a quad-microphone setup will lead to noticeable improved audio quality in these applications, ultimately improving the user experience of the device.

The iPad refresh is looking good

Apple's iPad hardware has been, and continues to be, superb. I struggle to think of a competing tablet product that even comes close to what Apple's doing.

That being said, given that the upgrade cycles in tablets are quite lengthy, especially compared with those seen in smartphones, and given that large-screen smartphones have cannibalized tablets to a fairly significant degree, it's not clear if all of these innovations will be enough to have a real impact on sales of iPads.

Nevertheless, if demand for tablets industrywide should show signs of improvements, I continue to believe that the iDevice maker will be well positioned with best-in-class products to capitalize on that demand. Ignore Google's Pixel Phone -- Here's the Biggest Risk to Apple, Inc. Stock Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) new Pixel phone is here. In June, a report from The Telegraph noted the company was looking to "take more control over the design, manufacturing, and software" than in prior years. And it appears Alphabet did that by rebranding the phone with its high-end Pixel designation, killing the Nexus line of phones, and integrating its Google Assistant technology. For more insight into the phone's features and specifications, fellow Fool writer Evan Niu has you covered.

Still, Alphabet's foray into smartphones hasn't moved the needle as of now. The company quickly retreated from being an integrated hardware and software provider when it sold its Motorola Mobility division to Lenovo within two years of its purchase after a string of operating losses. Later attempts to leverage its name cache and its ecosystem advantage with the Nexus phone line have produced, by most accounts, strong products that have failed to translate into significant sales.

As such, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) should not be as concerned about Alphabet's new Pixel Phone as it should be about a poor outlook for device sales.

Gartner's forecast brings (mostly) bad news for Apple

Research and advisory firm Gartner recently released its updated worldwide device shipments estimate, and the results are bad news for all device manufacturers. Overall, the combined-shipment totals for tablets, ultra-mobile PCs, and PCs are forecast to drop approximately 3% this year before growing 1% per year through 2018. For a company as tethered to high-margin device sales as Apple is, this is a much bigger risk to the company than industry competition.

Device Type 2015 2016 2017 2018 Traditional PCs (Desk-Based and Notebook) 244 216 205 199 Ultramobiles (Premium) 44 49 61 75 PC Market 288 265 266 274 Ultramobiles (Basic and Utility) 196 177 173 173 Computing Devices Market 484 442 439 447 Mobile Phones 1,917 1,887 1,910 1,933 Total Devices Market 2,401 2,329 2,349 2,380

If there is a single positive in the chart above, it's that the mobile-phone category appears to outperform the entire device market. Gartner expects device shipments to drop only 1.6% this year before growing 1.2% per annum through 2018. These figures are certainly nothing to write home about, but they are marginally better than a declining market.

Additionally, the ultramobile PC market, which includes Apple's MacBook Air, is slated for continued strong growth, but it won't be nearly enough to offset higher-margin iPhone weakness, should it continue.

Apple could be a beneficiary of overly bearish sentiment

Interestingly enough, Apple could be the beneficiary of Gartner's bearish outlook. Versus the greater S&P's price-to-earnings ratio of 25 times, Apple currently trades at a PE ratio of 13 times. In the event Apple is able to register earnings growth above expectations -- even slightly -- valuation repricing could add billions in market capitalization. On the other hand, if Apple only matches prior-year earnings, it's hard to imagine further valuation compression for a company that now trades at half the level of the S&P 500.

It's also important for Apple investors to note that market forecasts are not destiny. For years, Apple was able to grow at a faster clip than the overall mobile-phone market as the company continued to gobble up market share. However, if Garter's forecast is accurate, it should be noted that any significant growth will come from riding Apple's coattails, and not from industrywide tailwinds. If Apple is able to bring an exciting new technology to the next iteration of its iPhone, the stock could be tremendously undervalued. U.S. appeals court revives $120 million patent verdict against Samsung and in favor of Apple<005930.KS><AAPL.O>  
2016-04-29
Is There Any End in Sight For Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) Losing Streak? is currently on track for its seventh straight daily loss, down 1.4% at $93.53. Historically speaking, AAPL hasn't suffered a longer losing streak since 1998. What's more, over the past seven sessions, the tech stock has surrendered 12.7% of its value, due in large part to a post-earnings bear gap on Wednesday.The chart below, courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White, documents other similar losing streaks. White looked all the way back to 1997, when Steve Jobs returned to his role as CEO, leading to years of product innovation and accompanying technical success. As you can see, AAPL's current 12.7% deficit is the second-worst return it's suffered over cold spells of seven sessions or more.

What happens after similar losing streaks? Well, as the charts below make clear in summary form, AAPL tends to outperform over the short term. On average, the shares have gained 2.1% in the session following long losing streaks, compared to an average return of 0.2%. They've also been positive five of six times. Going out one month, AAPL has averaged an 11.8% gain and been positive every time, besting the respective anytime numbers of 3.3% and 60.1%.





Of course, this hardly guarantees that AAPL is on the verge of a rally. This is especially true because of the extreme optimism that's built up on Wall Street, where 25 of 31 analysts still rate the stock a "buy" or better -- leaving it vulnerable to future downgrades. In fact, a number of signs are pointing to a potentially major shift in sentiment, not the least of which was yesterday's big revelation from Carl Icahn.



Finally, if you're hungry for more info, White provided two more charts below. Here, he accounts for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) losing streaks of "only" five days and up, yielding a much more robust data set. As you can see, the aforementioned trend of short-term AAPL outperformance after cold spells is echoed.



 Why This Entrepreneur Says She Supports Apple's Refusal to Work With FBI On Thursday, at the Collision Conference in New Orleans, Nico Sell took the stage wearing thick, dark, shades -- a measure, she says, for reducing her digital footprint and keeping her family safe.

Sell is the co-founder of Wickr, a company she boasts as the only encrypted messaging service that has yet to be publicly hacked. An advocate for cyber-security, Sell has worked with U.S. spies and with General Keith Alexander, the former Director of the National Security Agency (NSA), on matters of global security.

She's also supportive of large-scale technology companies, including Apple, refusing to hand over encryption keys to the FBI. Shortly after mass shootings took place in San Bernardino, California last year, the bureau had requested the software company's help in breaking into the iPhone of a gunman. The company refused to do so, on the grounds that bypassing security features on the device could threaten security for all Apple users. Ultimately, just one day before Apple was expected to face off with the FBI in court, the bureau announced that it had acquired third-party hacking software for a massive sum, and was able to break into the device on its own.

"It's the job of the FBI, and others, to find ways to break in, but it's not the technology vendor's job to break into their system," Sell insisted, speaking in conversation with Steven Levy, a journalist and founder of Backchannel.com, in New Orleans on Thursday afternoon.

Personal privacy, argues Sell, is a matter of international security, which is why her San Francisco-based company has more of these features in place than most apps do. Although competing messengers such as Viber and WhatsApp do encrypt user data, Wickr goes so far as to operate without any visible infrastructure.

"The big reason why spies and activists use us is that Wickr doesn't have activity logs," she explained. "We don't see who is talking to who, when, and how often, which is just as important as the content of the message."

Among spies and international activists, users of Wickr include, of course, security-minded teenagers. To date, the company has raised nearly $40 million in venture capital funding, from investors including Breyer Capital and Juniper Networks.

Sell may empathize with Apple CEO Tim Cook when it comes to bartering with the U.S. government. She admits that "pre-Snowden," meaning prior to when former government worker Edward Snowden leaked classified NSA security documents showing global surveillance programs were being conducted by the NSA, as well as by major telecom companies, she, too, was approached by an FBI agent to provide a "back door," so to speak, for her messaging service.

"I told the FBI that, look, you and I are on the same side here, but I'm not going to put a back door in our system, because it's not good for you, and it's not good for me," Sell said.

Of course, the matter is a contentious one. Many argue that companies such as Apple, or Wickr, have a responsibility to hand over access to data when it could help fight terrorism, or another national security threat. Sell, for her part, says she is fulfilling those responsibilities -- just not in the ways that the public might expect her to.

"Apple helps the government all the time. We help the government all the time," she continued, referring to the use of her technology by U.S. spies. "What they asked Apple to do in this [the FBI] case was compel them to write code, new code to change their system. And code that they considered dangerous."

She sees this as dangerous on a number of fronts: "If the government can come to us and tell us to rebuild our system so that they can have lawful intercept, that should scare everyone in this room. Because no technology company is going to survive in the United States under that environment."

When pressed by Levy, Sell admits that adversaries, including ISIS, are likely using Wickr.

"If you make a good tool, it's guaranteed to be used by bad people," she explained. Even so, "it's my belief that private communication is one of the most important human rights for our society. This is how we have strong social discourse. It's tremendously important for democracy.  Apple Vs Fitbit: Tim Cook Vs. Steve Jobs The wearables war between Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) has gotten a little more interesting with the former's recent earnings report, which generally fell below analysts expectations and rekindled questions about the success of Apple's newest product. Nevertheless, no one is prepared to count out the world's most successful technology company. Investors continue trying to figure out which horse to back in the wearables race. I'm not prepared to call it for either one, yet, but I do think that a lot of investors are being ill-served by the debate right now.

A lot of Apple advocates are still essentially riding off the rep of Steve Jobs, calling Apple the company that you can count on to bring revolution to a sector. In fact, Apple is now truly Tim Cook's company. It is actually Fitbit which is doing things the old Jobs way, while Apple has decided to try something new. Whether investors decide to back the new Apple methods or the old ones, they should not mistake one for the other.

Memories

One of the things that always strikes me about the non-smartwatch Fitbit devices - I have a Charge HR myself - when I look at them is how much they remind me of the original iPod. Not so much the look or design as the philosophy that seems to underlie them. Like the iPod, they are not built to be mini computers or even mini smartphones. Rather, they are built to do one job better than any other device on the market. In this, they embody the Steve Jobs philosophy, that many investors are counting on, better than the company whose stock they are probably buying.

Because most of our iPods now come bundled into our iPhones, we have come to associate the whole Apple brand with power. Powerful processors, powerful screens, powerful everything. But it wasn't always so. When iPod first launched it was a device with a single LED screen that had no third party apps and supported no other entertainment than music. To solve the problem of finding songs quickly, Steve Jobs did not put a super powerful chip into the device that could process search commands, which would have raised the price astronomically. Rather, he built the track wheel into the face of the iPod. Jobs official biographer, Walter Isaacson, noted that Jobs repeatedly pushed the design team to make sure that any command he wanted to execute on the iPod could be accomplished in three clicks or less. This was largely done not by making the device more powerful but by making it simpler and even less powerful, by moving many functions that were too processing-intensive for the iPod to the computer the device would sync with.

It's very different today, of course. Today the iPod is all but extinct, eclipsed by the iPhone, which with its 64-bit architecture and five-inch-plus screen has become less of a phone and more of a mini-computer. The Apple Watch, in turn, often feels almost like a miniaturized iPhone. Its screen is about the size of an iPod's but rather than one function almost two dozen apps have been added. The Fitbits, meanwhile, like the iPod, have only one button and can only display one of a few possible items at a time as you cycle through them. All the more complicated things that come with owning a Fitbit - tracking calories eaten and burned, setting goals, sharing, inputting weights and exercises - are offloaded to the app or to the computer, just like other music functions like making playlists and ripping songs were once offloaded from the iPod to the Mac.

Fitbit also meets Jobs' high standards for aesthetics, at least as much as the Apple Watch does. Especially its latest iteration, the Alta, whose reviews regularly encompass words like "sleek" and "stylish." And customers certainly appreciate it, with Fitbit reporting brand loyalty numbers that are almost getting up into Apple range. About the only area where Fitbit breaks with the original iPod is the price. But I'm not sure Jobs would disapprove even of this.

Like Magic

When iPod first launched for $399 in 2001, many joked that the name stood for "Idiots Price Our Devices." The laughs didn't last long, as Apple went on to sell hundreds of millions. And Jobs never admitted he might have overpriced it, at least publicly. When he launched the iPhone six years later he went up to $499. But the original iPhone sold "only" six million units, and when Jobs asked people why they bought something else more than half of them said it was too expensive.

That was what led Apple to cut a new deal with AT&T extending its exclusivity in exchange for a subsidy that lowered the price for the customer at the point of sale to $199. While iPhone 2G sold only six million units in five quarters, iPhone 3G sold over 14 million in three quarters. Jobs had not pulled that $199 number out of thin air. Apple had already seen something similar with the iPod, whose market share went from 31% to 74% when its price was cut to $249 and then $199. Jobs and his marketing chief Phil Schiller would later refer to $199 as "the magic price."

Fitbit takes this lesson to heart. With the exception of its Surge flagship, which was $249, everything it has ever launched has been below the magic price, including its new $199 Blaze smartwatch, the new flagship presumably. The cheaper non-smartwatch Fitbits are even less.

But Fitbit is not a commoditized bottom feeder. Its "cheap" devices carry considerable margins for the company, up near 50%, which it reinvests into extensive R&D to improve both its hardware and its proprietary software. Again, just like Steve Jobs and Apple.

Tim Cook's Brave New World

But while Fitbit is almost aping Steve Jobs, Apple largely seems to have moved on from him. Tim Cook's Apple has crossed most of Jobs' redlines by now. The list includes larger-screened iPhones, an enterprise iPad Pro, massive share buybacks and dividends, replacing Jobs' beloved skeumorphism with Ive's almost Google-like flat surfaces, and more.

Apple Watch kills another Jobs idea. It abandons the "magic price" rule. It was priced first at $349 and now at $299. Since Apple does not report Watch sales separately we do not know if the cut is from lack of sales or from improving economies. Perhaps a bit of both, though the latest Watch sales estimates are rather positive. But Apple is still not at the magic price with its new watch.

Before the Apple bulls jump all over me, this is not another Watch hit piece. I'm saying that Tim Cook does things very differently than Steve Jobs would have, but that is not always a bad thing. Cook has delivered regularly growing profits and a steady hand at the wheel, despite having some impossibly huge shoes to fill. "Not Steve Jobs" should not be the only thing people see when they look at him. He has also, now, delivered Apple's first new product category since the iPad.

The Apple Watch has been called everything from a breakthrough to a flop. That last, at least, is not correct. Regardless of whether it meets the high standards we have come to associate with Apple, the Watch has become the first real challenger to Fitbit's market leader position. It brings Apple's unparalleled ecosystem right to your wrist, and like all Apple products it is both pleasing to look at and more profitable than its competitors.

When designing a new and - hopefully - revolutionary new product, should one aim for versatility and power, or simplicity and focus? Cook and Jobs seem to have different answers to that question. How each investor answers it will determine whether they should invest in Fitbit or Apple. But they shouldn't assume Apple's answer is the same as it was 10 years ago. Apple has completely changed its position since Steve Jobs' death.

Conclusion

What I would say to investors in either company is - don't judge a book by its cover. If you do pick Apple over Fitbit in the wearables sector, do so because you believe that a more powerful, smartphone-like wearable with greater processing power, a rich ecosystem and more versatile controls are what people want. Not because it happens to be the device that says "Apple" on it. If its Apple's reputation, its history of revolution, its "it just works" mojo that you are banking on, it may interest you to realize that Fitbit actually looks a lot more like the old Apple than Apple does these days. So if you think people want simpler but less versatile devices that "just work," maybe that's where your money belongs. 
2016-10-09
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Good News Keeps Coming 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Good News Keeps Coming



Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Good News Keeps Coming

2016-10-09

As the new iPhone 7 release goes on, the good news keeps coming for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).Much as we urged the public to recognize back in March of this year, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are turning out to be huge successes. What no one could have known was the added tailwind that has blown firmly in Apple's direction from one of the largest corporate scandals yet to be recognized as such, from Samsung. We have two narratives to discuss. we learned that German supplier Dialog Semiconductor said its quarterly revenue were higher than expected. "Apple accounted for about 80 percent of Dialog's revenue last year, making the chipmaker's results a potential indicator of iPhone sales" (Reuters).This is yet more evidence that Apple's new iPhones are not only selling well, they are selling better than anyone predicted. We reported most recently on the other evidence in the dossier New iPhone Sells Out of Stores Before Doors Open Apple Inc.'s two largest markets by installed base are China and US and both have huge numbers of devices that are about 2 years old -- which, even in this day and age of stretched phone usage, is considered old and in the primary replacement zone., and quite disturbingly, the Samsung Galaxy Note, which was plagued by fires when charging, is getting worse. The company recalled its devices after reports of fires spread and the phone was banned from use during US commercial flights. But it just turned into a corporate scandal. Here's how the story has now unfolded, from the Verge (emphasis added)."A third replacement Samsung Galaxy Note 7 caught fire earlier this week. It wasn't plugged in. It wasn't anything, it was just sitting there. []Samsung was aware that its replacement phones were catching fire five days ago. Another caught fire on Thursday (on an airplane), and then another on Friday in the hands of a thirteen-year old girl. That's three in less than a week, with Samsung giving its customers little more than meaningless platitudes about "[taking] every report seriously" and that "customer safety remains our highest priority as we are investigating the matter."At this point, it's irresponsible for us to say anything else:it and return it for a refund - all the major US carriers will exchange the phone, regardless of purchase date.Until we get more information, the simplest explanation is the best one: The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is aand it should be pulled from the market without delay."AT&T is now considering stopping all Samsung Note sales. "The wireless carrier is the third-biggest customer of the South Korean company, according to estimates compiled by Bloomberg" (Bloomberg).Primary technology researcher Ben Bajarin reported that the Samsung Note saw less than half of what analysts expected in terms of sale during the prior quarter, and that was before this mess turned into a full blown scandal.The apparent result is that the iPhone 7 Plus (the larger iPhone) is getting some of that lost business. That means Apple is not only getting more sales to itsproduct, but it's also getting new consumers into the iOS ecosystem.Samsung will survive, but Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has a walked into a perfect storm.The author is long shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). 
2016-12-14
Apple: Gearing Up For New Highs  Should You Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons This year was a rollercoaster ride for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) stock. AAPL stock fell earlier this year due to problems in China and worries about market saturation, then it roared back to life with the iPhone 7. Billionaire investor Carl Icahn closed his position in Apple because of concerns over China, while Warren Buffett bought it over the summer, seeing gains as the AAPL stock price rose this autumn.

AAPL stock doesn t seem overvalued at 13.5 times earnings and 11 times forward earnings. It enjoys high margins and pays a 2% dividend as well.

Will all of this in mind, should you buy Apple stock? There are a few other things you need to consider before answering this question. The following are three pros and three cons to owning AAPL stock.

Three Pros to AAPL Stock

Apple Stock Pro: Shift to Software and Services Revenue

Diversifying Apple s revenue sources will help to reduce risk. Currently, iPhone sales make up two-thirds of AAPL s revenue. With iPhone upgrade cycles lengthening, Apple seeks recurring revenue streams from services and software.

This appears to be working: Apple s App Store saw the highest monthly sales ever in November. Services represent AAPL s second largest revenue source, and are growing fast. This revenue source grew 22% in the last fiscal year. AAPL s service sales in the first three months of 2016 exceeded Facebook Inc s (NASDAQ:FB) total revenue over that period.

Indeed, services could reach 29% of Apple s gross profit in 2020. Software and services like Apple Pay, the App Store, iCloud, music from Apple Music and iTunes will put a floor on AAPL s revenue in the advent of poor hardware sales.

Apple Stock Pro: Strong Competitive Moat

Global brand surveys regularly list Apple at the top of the world s most valuable brands. Forbes estimated Apple s brand value at $154.1 billion this year. Brand Finance put AAPL s brand at $145 billion. AAPL also regularly comes out on top in brand loyalty, with Apple fans rarely switching to Android. Apple aficionados use Apple for just about everything: Apple Pay, Apple TV, Apple Music, Apple Home, iTunes and Apple CarPlay.

Apple s brand represents unparalleled quality in hardware, software and services. And Apple s ecosystem offers users a great deal of convenience. This keeps customers satisfied and loyal. And this creates high switching costs.

These advantages allow Apple to stand above all its competitors in pricing power. Apple took a whopping 104% of global smartphone profits this year. How can AAPL s share be above 100%? Well, Apple s competitors generally see razor-thin margins or operate at a loss.

Apple Stock Pro: Apple s Cash Position

Earlier this year, some dispelled the myth that Apple holds several hundred billion dollars in cash. Nonetheless, Apple still commands a great deal of fiscal firepower. As of Sept. 24, Apple held $46.67 billion in short-term investments and $20.48 billion in cash.

In an uncertain world, a strong defensive position is a great asset. Stocks recently hit record highs   a bullish sign, but a reversal could be around the corner. Albert Edwards of Societe Generale recently found a chart showing global economic-policy uncertainty at all-time highs.

Nonetheless, Apple is not perfect: it faces some challenges, too.

Three Cons to AAPL Stock

Apple Stock Con: Stronger Competition

Apple might not retain its crown forever if it rests on its laurels, as competitors are catching up. Android phones made advances this year in displays, cameras, waterproofing and VR/AR.

In China, Apple is losing market share to local vendors such as Oppo, Vivo, Huawei and Xiaomi. The iPhone s market share fell to 7% in China. Apple might need to localize its strategy to keep up in this market. Chinese firms typically make low-end smartphones, but Huawei and Xiaomi, among others, are aiming for the premium segment. The premium segment is the iPhone s home turf.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) appears to be making strides with its Surface PCs and laptops, which offer touchscreens. Some are saying that Microsoft is the new Apple   a company that is innovating and making bold moves.

Apple might be losing market share, but will this matter? Androids have held greater market share for years, but Apple continued to take most of the profits. A declining share for AAPL did not translate into lower profits.

Apple Stock Con: China Risks

China once served as a major engine of growth for Apple, but this year cracks emerged. Weakening economic conditions and saturation in China slowed Apple s iPhone sales in the beginning of the year. China s ruling Communist Party appears to be tightening its grip, and Apple, a channel for foreign ideas, fell under suspicion.

Next Page Apple Inc. Stock Rises On Promise Of A Brighter Future For The iPhone (AAPL) Analysts from every Wall Street firm would have you believe that Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) stock is set up for a much brighter 2017, and the latest group to tout this view is Citigroup Inc ( C ).

Many analysts claim that Apple stock will move higher next year in the same note in which they present data on how weak the iPhone 7 cycle is. After all, the tenth anniversary iPhone 8 has got to do better than the disappointing iPhone 7, right?

Why Apple Stock is Undervalued

In a report dated Dec. 13, Longbow Research analysts Shawn Harrison and Frank Carson offer mixed data on the iPhone 7. It seems that consumers are quite interested in it, if Google searches are anything to go by. However, data from Apple s suppliers muddies the picture.

We heard Drexel Hamilton s Apple Monitor results from November recently, and Longbow adds its data points from Apple s Taiwanese suppliers. More than 20 of the iPhone maker s biggest Taiwanese suppliers saw a 1.1% sequential increase in sales for November, which is worse than seasonal.

Their sales fell 4% year over year. The three- to five-year average is growth of between 5% and 6.2% sequentially. The Longbow team has observed good correlation between the quarterly sales of Apple s Taiwanese suppliers and Apple itself.

The analysts view Apple stock as being undervalued in the backdrop of what they define as  stabilizing iPhone demand  and the company s growing subscriber base.

Apple stock is trading at 0.66 relative P/E compared to the S&P 500, compared to the five-year average ranging between 0.6% and 1.09%.

Mixed Data on Apple s iPhone sales

According to Longbow, Google Search trends pertaining to the iPhone 7 were solid last month, as they were about three times higher than searches for the iPhone 6s were in November 2015.

This is similar to what the analysts observed in October:

Perhaps one of the problems for all the mixed information is consumers  apparent preference for the iPhone 7 Plus over its smaller sibling. Apple s suppliers have not yet been able to manufacture enough of the phablets to meet demand, according to Mizuho Securities analysts, so many consumers may be switching brands or simply waiting to buy an iPhone.

This could explain why Google searches are higher than they were last year for the iPhone 6s, but Apple suppliers are not exactly rolling in orders.

The iPhone 8 will drive Apple stock  for better or for worse 

Next Page What Apple's New TV App Really Means For The Industry Apple has long been rumored to start its own streaming content network, and this app is seen as the next step towards that goal.

Netflix likely is staying out of the mix as it has been mining data for years to fuel internal plans and has no reason to share the information with Apple.

Multiple networks are attached to be a part of the app, but Netflix is not among them.

Apple finally pulled back the curtain on its new TV app, but consumers will quickly realize it will begin with limited features.

As millions of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) users around the globe prepare to download the latest iPhone iOS software, there's one addition that is getting a lot of the headlines (outside of the new emoji offerings) - TV.

To clarify, this isn't Apple TV, the hardware device that similar to Roku and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire sprung up in popularity as of late. No, this is much different, and yet at the same time, really isn't; at least not yet.

This is Apple's attempt at being a new digital catch-all TV guide. Users can search in the app for whatever series they want and then it is presented as a list of streaming platforms where you can tune in to watch.

Back when this was first announced, Apple CEO Tim Cook put over the future of TV as app-based. He cited that the company has 8,000 in its store, and of that, more than 1,600 are ones for video content.

Although like with all good TV series, there is a twist. Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) is not part of the festivities.

While a number of other providers have signed on, Netflix is sitting this one out. Now, we knew this from the beginning, and in actuality, it shouldn't be a shock, but the potential ripple effects are what investors should be paying to in this case.

If you really look closely, there are striking similarities between what the two companies are doing here. Netflix has spent a lot of time on its own, studying and implanting strategy based on its subscribers' viewing habits. Apple is just starting this process, and for Netflix, it makes no sense to aid it in this journey.

I give Netflix credit here though because it is (for now) not falling into the same trap as the broadcast/cable networks. Remember, before House of Cards and the rise of Netflix's originals, the streamer was reliant on licensed content to fill its servers.

For the networks part, it basically fed the beast and was only too happy to accept money from what is now its biggest business rival. It was a short-term financial gain that could turn into long-term losses in market share.

Netflix realized that by partnering with Apple on this venture, it would essentially be doing the same thing, just with data over content - and data can be even more valuable of a commodity.

Conversely though, Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) is trying its own version of a guide, and in that case, Netflix IS involved. Longtime investors in the field may find this ironic as Netflix and Comcast have heavily feuded, but here they are more aligned.

Keep in mind (at least outwardly), there is also no ill will between Netflix and Apple, which have a history of working together. Though it is no secret Apple wants to launch a Netflix-type service, so even though the two brands are playing nice now, that could change. If Apple can get to the point where it can obtain the same information about its users as Netflix, then that could be a game-changer.

Many see this TV app as the latest step in Apple's journey to becoming a streaming content provider, and if that happens, more than just Netflix will be impacted. It is also worth noting that right now, the TV app is limited in functionality, but that will begin to shift in December when DirecTV and DISH (NASDAQ:DISH) launch.

Overall, analysts see Apple's TV interest as a way to offset slumping iPhone sales, and the company has already made a handful of content deals that show it has pull in the field. This is actually one area that is going to be fascinating to watch as online content isn't going anywhere.

Netflix has $6 billion to play with and rival Amazon isn't backing down. Moreover HBO is set to get an influx of budget for more projects from parent company Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) and if the proposed AT&T (NYSE:T) merger goes through, that budget could skyrocket even further.

The real question is will this content battle help anyone beyond their networks? Hollywood has real concerns here. For one the emphasis is moving further and further away from non-traditional methods, but the ability is there for both sides to help each other. It's all about finding the right balance, but once found, it may be even harder to maintain.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-10-20
Apple Supplier Warns Of Disappointing Smartphone Demand  Apple Inc. Earnings Preview: iPhone 7 Sales Mystery Will Finally Be Solved From Zacks Research : Technology behemoth Apple, Inc. ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) is set to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2016 results on Oct 25. Last quarter, it posted a 2.16% positive earnings surprise.

The company has outperformed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the last four quarters with an average positive earnings surprise of 1.03%. Let s see how things are shaping up prior to the announcement.

Why a Likely Positive Surprise?

Our proven model shows that Apple is likely to beat earnings estimates this quarter. A stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. Apple has the right combination of the two key components.

Zacks ESP: The company has an Earnings ESP of +1.21%. This is because the Most Accurate estimate stands at $1.67 while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged lower at $1.65.

Zacks Rank: Apple carries a Zacks Rank #2, which when combined with a positive ESP make us reasonably confident of an earnings beat.

Conversely, the Sell-rated stocks (Rank #4 and 5) should never be considered going into an earnings announcement.

APPLE INC Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise



APPLE INC Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | APPLE INC Quote

What is Driving the Better-than-Expected Earnings?

Since the beginning of this year, Apple has been on a rollercoaster ride given muted demand and sluggish macroeconomic conditions especially in China. Despite this, in the last reported quarter, the company managed to beat expectations on both counts.

We expect the company s top line in the to-be-reported quarter to be driven by recovering iPhone sales and robust upgrade cycles. Historically, the fourth quarter has been a strong one for Apple as the company launches its most important offerings during this time. This September, Apple launched the new iPhones (iPhone 7 and 7 Plus), which appear to be significantly better than their predecessors. The company also unveiled a newer version of Apple Watch in addition to providing updates on Apple Music, App Store and Apple Watch in addition to the software upgrades.

Apple remains optimistic about growth in regions like India and a decent rebound in China. It has been taking initiatives like setting up R&D facilities to strengthen its foothold in China. A loyal customer base, a strong ecosystem and a robust installed base are the other positives. Apple s Services business is also expected to remain strong as it is mostly dependent on the already installed Apple devices. The company has also been seeing strength in the number of switchers from Android and other operating systems to iOS.

Apart from this, other revenue drivers to watch out for ahead of this quarter s results include sales from iPad, the App Store as well as Apple s other products division. Further, its collaborations with IBM, SAP, Deloitte and Cisco (CSCO  Analyst Report) in the enterprise space are likely to be accretive to the fourth quarter and beyond.

However, continued macroeconomic headwinds in some key regions amid increasing competition may pose some challenges.

Apple shares fell $0.05 (-0.04%) to $117.07 in Thursday afternoon trading. Year-to-date, APPL has gained 11.24%, more than doubling the return of the benchmark S&P 500 in the same period.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. 
2016-12-15
Apple Inc.'s 7-Nanometer Path to A12 and A13 Chips In September of next year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch new iPhone models. Inside of those new smartphones will be a new, Apple-designed applications processor likely to be branded the A11 Fusion processor.

Current expectations are that the A11 Fusion will be manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) new 10-nanometer technology, which should allow Apple to cram a lot more functionality into the chip than it did with its prior generation A10 Fusion chip, manufactured in a 16-nanometer technology.

After the A11 Fusion, Apple will presumably release the A12 Fusion chip for the 2018 iPhone models and then the A13 Fusion chip for the 2019 iPhone models. I believe both processors will be manufactured in TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, which is expected to enable further area, performance, and power improvements over TSMC's 10-nanometer technology.

Although both the A12 Fusion and A13 Fusion are likely to be built on TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, a recent comment from TSMC co-CEO Mark Liu hinted that the technology that the A13 Fusion could use won't quite be the same as the technology that may be used to build the A12 Fusion.

TSMC to build performance-enhanced 7-nanometer tech

On TSMC's most recent earnings call, co-CEO Mark Liu said that the company will "complete developing 7-nanometer in 2017, upgrade 7-nanometer in 2018, and complete developing 5-nanometer in 2019."

What this suggests is that flagship mobile applications processors launched in the 2018 time frame will use TSMC's first-generation 7-nanometer technology. TSMC recently gave some details about its 7-nanometer technology in a paper, claiming the following improvements over its 16-nanometer technology:

About a 40% speed gain relative to 16-nanometer tech at the same power. More than a 65% reduction in power compared to 16-nanometer tech at the same performance. 0.43X chip area scaling compared to its 16-nanometer technology.

TSMC's next generation 7-nanometer technology, which will likely be used to build mobile applications processors in the 2019 timeframe, should keep chip area unchanged (assuming identical chips; Apple will likely add more features into the A13 Fusion relative to the A12 Fusion) but deliver improvements in both power consumption and speed.

Apple has a nice path

Manufacturing technology is only one part of the performance/power equation -- the underlying chip designs are critical to defining performance and power consumption. That's why something like Apple's A-series is far more powerful than, say, chips from MediaTek, even though both have access to the same manufacturing technology.

It seems like TSMC is giving Apple (and, indeed, the rest of the mobile processor vendors) everything that it needs to keep cranking out faster, more feature-packed processors on an annual basis.

Apple's challenge from a business point of view, though, will be to sell this improved performance and increased functionality to customers. Given the lukewarm commercial performance of the iPhone 6s series of smartphones, which delivered large increases in performance from the iPhone 6 series, it's clear that customers don't buy new, higher-performance devices for performance's sake.

It's not clear how Apple can motivate developers to fully take advantage of the performance that it's delivering with these new smartphones. Developers need to design their applications to work on old hardware, which limits their ability to fully utilize all the performance that Apple delivers with its chips.

Furthermore, app developers tend to publish their apps for both iOS and Android, so even though the average iPhone is probably much more powerful than the average Android smartphone, apps' core functionality needs to be geared toward low-performance Android devices.

It'll be interesting to see what actions Apple can, and ultimately does, take to try to get users excited about increased performance. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Short Right Now The Trump administration s sit-down with Silicon Valley was a  great  meeting, apparently. All the same, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is facing challenges off and on the price chart   and right now Apple stock is ripe for a short-term bear play.

Trump s tech summit on Wednesday saw our president-elect complete a beautiful 180-degree turn that even a figure skater would envy. He met with Apple s Tim Cook, Amazon.com, Inc. s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Jeff Bezos and other large-cap tech royalty whose companies have been on very thin ice of late.

On the agenda for Apple stock holders: overseas manufacturing, immigration and other key issues previously brandished as bad practices Silicon Valley needed to change as part of Trump s broader  Make America Great Again  campaign were discussed.

Lo and behold, one quick media opportunity later, and Apple has seemingly found a friendly partner with the president-elect. Trump went so far as to say the administration was ready to do anything it could for the tech industry.

His words:  This is truly an amazing group of people. 

AAPL shareholders also might be pleased there wasn t a peep about boycotting Apple products. Or that other recent and infamous attacks against the group weren t raised during the tech summit.

As an investment, though, Apple stock still has its work cut out for it.

We ll say it again: Apple stock isn t that cheap. Qualitatively speaking, iPhones no longer hold the cache they once did. That s a problem for AAPL shareholders. The reality of weaker pricing power in the face of diminished brand value means lower margins.

There s also Trump s still-on-the-table protectionist policies against China to consider when looking at Apple stock as an investment   and that could be a large drag on its share price.

On Wednesday, General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) and Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) faced their own minor backlash from the world s second largest economy. Similar threats or government actions against Apple could prove disastrous for the company.

Apple is not only reliant on China for manufacturing, but it s also critical for its future growth.

AAPL s stock charts don t look so great, either.

Apple Stock Chart



Click to Enlarge Shares have enjoyed a nice rally since a month ago when shares hit $104.08, which successfully tested the 200-day simple moving average for support.

The concern now is that AAPL faces resistance from its prior up-channel with an overbought stochastics indicator. This puts the trading advantage in favor of the bears.

Next Page Interdigital announces patent license agreement with Apple  
2016-03-09
Apple Inc. Can't Hide It Anymore: It's Working on Wireless Chips For quite some time, it has been speculated in the press that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is working on its own wireless/communications chips. This is interesting because Apple building its own, say, Wi-Fi or cellular chips, would mean losses for major wireless chipmakers like Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) and Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM).

Although the specifics of what Apple is working on are not yet clear, a job listing on Apple's website makes it plain that the company is working on an in-house wireless chip (or, more likely, "chips").

The listing in question

The following is from a job listing on Apple's site looking for a Wireless Hardware Design Engineer:

The listing clearly indicates that the candidate would be part of a chip team "responsible for designing state-of-the-art wireless [system-on-chip]" products. Additionally, the position seems to want somebody who has experience building entire system-on-chip products, which seems to suggest that the team may be working on future iterations of its A-series chips aimed at the iPhone. That being said, even a stand-alone cellular modem in a smartphone is technically a "system-on-chip."

When will we see the fruits of Apple's labor?

It's not clear when we will begin to see the first Apple-designed wireless chips. Given that Apple Wi-Fi chip supplier Broadcom seems upbeat about its mobile Wi-Fi chip business (CEO Hock Tan referred to it as a "sustainable franchise" on the company's most recent earnings call), and given that Apple chip chief Johny Srouji said in an interview with Bloomberg Business last month that he "[doesn't] want to go into Wi-Fi specifically," I doubt that Apple is doing its own Wi-Fi chip.

That should come as good news to Broadcom investors, as a significant portion of its mobile Wi-Fi chip sales are to Apple in support of the iPhone.

However, what I think Apple is likely working on is its own cellular modem solution. Many of its competitors, such as Qualcomm, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), and Huawei build chips with integrated modems. Given that Apple is easily the most profitable (and powerful) of all of these names, it wouldn't be the least bit surprising to see Apple build its own modems and integrate them into its A-series chips.

As far as timing goes, this is unclear. If Apple were planning to build such a product with its upcoming A10 chip, then Qualcomm would be poised to supply nothing into upcoming iPhones.

In a similar vein to the argument that Bernstein Research analyst Stacy Rasgon made with respect to Qualcomm potentially losing a portion of the iPhone 7 modem business to Intel (NASDAQ:INTC): if the wireless chip giant were expecting such a big loss in the near-term it would probably have an adverse impact on the margins of its chip business -- a sharp contrast to the upbeat margin guidance Qualcomm has given.

That said, I wouldn't be surprised if such a development were to happen over the next three years or so. This is certainly a risk that Qualcomm investors should keep a close eye on. Apple: Hedging Donald Trump's Threat  
2016-03-15
Apple Inc. Unlikely to Use New Samsung Camera Sensor The Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S7 has one of the best, if not the best, camera that can be found on a mobile device. This performance is largely enabled by new sensors from both Sony (NYSE:SNE) as well as Samsung itself (Samsung appears to be dual sourcing functionally equivalent sensors for the S7).

An article from BGR raises the possibility that the upcoming Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7/7 Plus could use the same rear camera sensors used in the Galaxy S7 (or, at least, one of them).

I believe that this is highly unlikely. Here's why.

As far as I can tell, Sony does custom sensors for Apple

For many product generations, Apple has used image sensors from Sony, widely regarded as the market leader in such sensors. However, from what I can tell, Apple doesn't appear to use "off the shelf" image sensors from Sony but instead works with the Japanese company to have sensors built to Apple's specifications.

Indeed, it's worth noting that over the last several years, Apple appears to have hired many sensor specialists from many established sensor makers such as OmniVision and Aptina. This may suggest that Apple engineers work hand-in-hand with Sony's engineers to build highly customized, Apple-exclusive image sensors.

Apple likely to continue to work with Sony; Samsung partnership seems unlikely

Going forward, I expect Apple to continue to work with Sony on iPhone image sensors for the foreseeable future. Even if Samsung were to eventually exhibit the same technical prowess in such products as Sony does today, there are clear business relationship issues that would probably make such a collaboration unlikely.

Indeed, Apple already relies on Samsung to manufacture a large portion of the A9 chips in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus and it is said that Apple may soon come to rely on Samsung for at least some iPhone displays, per some reports.

Given Apple's already large dependence on Samsung for critical components, it may not be wise for Apple to increase its dependence on this competitor. If anything, it's probably in Apple's best interests to make sure that its non-Samsung suppliers continue to get substantial business so that they can further fund the development of competitive products and technologies.

Interestingly, and unsurprisingly, KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo recently suggested that Sony would actually supply both of the 12 megapixel sensors that are expected to be used in Apple's dual-lens variant of the iPhone 7 Plus.

It will be interesting to see what Apple and Sony deliver

In terms of camera performance, the current generation iPhone 6s/6s Plus are behind what the Samsung Galaxy S7 can do. Given how important camera image quality seems to be to Apple, and given that Apple is expected to use the current generation iPhone 6s/6s Plus sensors in the upcoming 9.7-inch iPad Pro, I firmly believe that Apple is planning a big camera quality improvement.

It remains to be seen what the specifications are on the camera sensor that ultimately makes it into the iPhone 7, but I don't think that Apple will use either of the sensors used in the S7. It is more likely to be a custom-designed sensor tailored to meet Apple's needs.

For Apple's sake, let's hope those needs are commensurate with an unequivocally leadership camera subsystem. What Will Apple, Inc.'s Dividend Be in 5 Years? As every dividend investor knows, there's more to a dividend than its current dividend yield. Another key area to look at is a dividend's growth potential. And it's on this front that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) dividend stands out. Since the tech giant initiated its dividend in 2012, its split-adjusted quarterly dividend payment has increased from $0.38 to $0.52 -- and similar rates of dividend hikes look poised to continue over over the long haul. This growth potential makes Apple's uninspiring 2% yield, with shares trading at $103, more enticing that it might initially seem.

Huge room for increases

Why should investors expect Apple to continue increasing its dividend?

1. Apple has more cash than it can spend. On Apple's balance sheet, the company has $216 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities -- or about $39 per share. This is significant considering Apple trades at just $103 at the time of this writing. Then there's Apple's annual free cash flow, or cash from operations less capital expenditures, of $63 billion.

At the rate Apple is currently paying out dividends, it's going to take a while for the company to begin making a dent in its cash-rich balance sheet. During the trailing 12 months, Apple paid out $11.7 billion in dividends. While this is large in absolute terms, it represents just 18% of its free cash flow. There's plenty of room, therefore, for further dividend increases in the future.

2. Management has promised annual increases. Since initiating its dividend in 2012, Apple has promised at least two times to continue to increase its dividend on an annual basis. The first time was in 2014 when the company said in its press release about its dividend increase that year that it "plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis."

Apple CEO Tim Cook promised yet again, during the company's annual shareholder meeting earlier this year, to boost the company's dividend annually.

What could Apple's dividend growth look like?

Given that Apple is currently paying out just 18% of its free cash flow, and only about 22% of its net income, in dividends, there's no reason the company couldn't keep up its current annual rate of dividend increases over the next five years.

Currently, Apple is averaging an 11% dividend increase every year. If Apple were to maintain this annual rate of dividend increases, its total annual payout of quarterly dividends would increase from $2.03 in calendar 2015 to about $3.42 in 2020.

A dividend payment this high by 2020 would represent a 68% increase from today's levels. And annual dividends at this level would represent a 3.3% yield on today's cost basis. Further, if this scenario were to play out as outlined here, Apple's total annual dividend payout in 2020 would only represent about 31% of the company's current annual free cash flow. In other words, even if Apple's free cash flow stagnates at current levels and never grows any higher, the company could easily continue increasing its dividend at double digit rates for years to come.

Apple might not be a high yielding dividend stock, but its dividend's growth potential makes it a solid bet for income investors.

Apple plans to announce a dividend increase in April, when management reports its second-quarter results. Apple Inc.: The Rip-Roaring Rally Is Just Beginning! (AAPL) For the first time in a long time, things are starting to look up for Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) stock. Off 15% in the last year, AAPL shares have languished due to softening demand for the company s products and services   most notably the iPhone.

In the holiday quarter, for example, the number of iPhone units Apple sold increased literally 0% year-over-year, while iPad unit sales slumped 25% (PDF).

It s a testament to the  Services  and  Other Products  segments   including the likes of Apple Pay, AppleCare, Apple TV, Beats and the Apple Watch   that revenue increased (2% YoY) at all.

With that in mind, it s not so hard to see why AAPL recently tested lows around $92/share. There s frankly some great news on the horizon for Apple investors, however, and if it holds any weight, it could send Apple stock back on its way to $120-plus.

iPhone Demand:  Surprising Upside 

The product line that absolutely must perform well in order for Apple to thrive is the iPhone, which accounted for 68% of overall revenue last quarter.

As I mentioned, iPhone unit growth was zilch last quarter, and therefore Apple s growth profile is looking extremely weak. Analysts expect revenue to fall 10.3% in the March quarter from the same period last year.

Or at least they did. Given some new data, the Wall Street consensus might deserve a decent bump upward.

Morgan Stanley s Katy Huberty noted on Tuesday that the Wall Street research firm was seeing  surprising upside to iPhone demand. 

Using a proprietary web search analysis tool, Huberty now believes Apple will sell 56.5 million iPhones in fiscal Q2 (the Jan-March quarter), significantly higher than Apple s own implied guidance of 52 million.

That s some really important intel, especially considering the source of the information. Huberty herself had previously expected Apple to sell only 49 million iPhones in the March quarter, so she s not just some AAPL stock fangirl who spouts out rosy guidance with regularity.

AAPL stock is trading higher Tuesday on the news, bucking the trend of a generally down broader market. It absolutely deserves to be gaining ground, too.

The good news comes as Apple stock is making a technical resurgence; shares have rebounded strongly off February lows, breaking through its 50-day moving average in early March. The next major technical test for AAPL stock will be to see if it can burst through its 200-day moving average, currently at $111.75.

If it can do that, it s off to the races. And while it may take another week or two, I believe AAPL can and will make that jump.

Bottom Line for AAPL Stock

Not only are Tuesday s Morgan Stanley numbers impressive, but the upcoming March 21 event should bring nothing but good news for shareholders. Apple is expected to unveil a new 4-inch iPhone called the iPhone SE at the event, as well as a smaller, 9.7 inch iPad.

I expect the smaller iPhone in particular to sell well and benefit from latent demand from customers who prefer smaller-sized iPhones (Apple hasn t dropped a 4-inch model since 2013).

All of this points to better-than-expected results for AAPL in the months ahead, and the fact that Huberty said China was responsible for the most upside in her recent note on iPhone demand is extremely encouraging.

Not only should Apple s financials be easier to tolerate for the current quarter, but market sentiment should improve as AAPL stock owners realize the company isn t languishing.

A few months from now, when we know all the dirty details of Apple s fiscal Q2, we ll look back at March 15 and say:  $105? That was a steal. 

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Apple Inc. Jumps and Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc Tanks on Mixed Day for ... Stocks spent nearly all of today's trading session in negative territory but ended mixed. By the closing bell, the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) had lost 4 points, or 0.2%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) added 22 points, or 0.1%, to touch a new high for the year.

In economic news, the Federal Reserve kicked off its two-day meeting, after which it will publish a monetary policy statement on Wednesday, March 16, at 2 p.m. EDT. Economists aren't expecting another interest rate increase from the Fed, but the central bank's updated projections are likely to move markets tomorrow.

Individual stocks making big moves today included Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), whose iPhone sales could beat expectations, and Valeant Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: VRX), whose business is suffering from a few major operating and accounting challenges.

The iPhone business

Apple's 2% jump made it the best-performing stock in the Dow today. In fact, the tech giant's shares hit a two-month high in the wake of growing optimism around its iPhone business.

Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Hubert said in a client note that new tracking data indicates Apple could sell 57 million units in the March quarter, which would be solidly above consensus estimates targeting 50 million. Every additional one million iPhone sales would add $640 million of revenue and $0.04 per share of earnings to Hubert's quarterly top and bottom line targets (the firm estimates Apple will book $51 billion of sales and $1.94 per share of profit).

In any case, it's likely that Apple will suffer a year-over-year decline in its iPhone business for the first time when it posts its next quarterly report, but that's not as bad as it sounds. The year-ago quarter was unusually strong due to supply problems that pushed sales from the prior period into the March quarter. Last April, Apple booked an incredible 40% spike in iPhone sales to 61 million units.

Meanwhile, on Monday, Apple will hold a media event where it is expected to unveil refreshed iPads and a new 4-inch iPhone model that could extend its reach into new markets. CEO Tim Cook told investors in January that management sees "very strong interest in iPhone" from both consumers and businesses. The stock took a step in that optimistic direction today.

A reduced outlook

Valeant Pharmaceuticals cratered 51% on over ten-times the drugmaker's average daily trading volume after it posted preliminary, unaudited fourth quarter earnings results that included sharply lower sales and profit targets. Revenue will be $11.1 billion, and adjusted profit will be $10 per share in 2016, management said, far below the $12.6 billion of sales and $13.50 per share earnings it had previously forecast.

Executives blamed surprisingly weak sales in its gastrointestinal business, along with declines in its ophthalmology and women's health divisions, for the drop. It also pointed to "management transition issues and continued organizational distractions" that further hurt operations in the quarter.

Making matters worse, the company's press release contained an error in a key section that investors watch closely. Valeant's initial report included an outlook for adjusted earnings over the next four quarters of between "$6.2 billion to $6.6 billion". Subsequently, the drugmaker issued a correction that pulled the outlook down to $6 billion.

As rough as that lowered outlook is for investors, Valeant's more immediate challenge is to conclude its accounting review, so it can file its delayed but audited 10-K financial statements. The company aims to do this "as promptly as reasonably practicable," it said in a separate filing. 
2016-11-09
Why This Apple Inc. Supplier's Margin Cratered On Nov. 3, RF chip specialist Qorvo (NASDAQ:QRVO) reported that its gross profit margin in its most recent quarter came in at just 42.6% on a non-GAAP basis. This was significantly below the margin outlook the company provided back in August of 47%.

Let's take a closer look at why the company's margins fell way short and how the company expects to deliver a 100- to 200-basis-point improvement in margins during the current quarter.

Low yields on chips for Apple

According to Qorvo CEO Robert Bruggeworth on the company's recent earnings call, the margin shortfall was caused by "lower-than-expected manufacturing yields during a steep product ramp to a large customer."

That large customer is almost certainly Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

Bruggeworth said that in a bid to "protect [Qorvo's] long-term customer relationships," the company "did everything [it] could to assure supply of high quality material to the customer while working through the internal yield issues And this significantly impacted our gross margin."

Qorvo CFO Mark Murphy provided some additional information, saying that "manufacturing yield issues on this part, a low-band PAD module, were related to SAW filters from a single fab."

How Qorvo's margins improve next quarter

Although Qorvo's gross profit margin was well below what the company had originally expected, Murphy contended that the margin on these parts (and its overall margins) will improve during the current quarter.

"The impact was contained within Qorvo and yields have stabilized" in the fabrication plant, Murphy said. This, he explained, "will help support even stronger customer demand for that module in the third quarter."

The good news, Murphy says, is that the yield stabilization will help boost margins on that low-band PAD part. That said, the executive pointed out that a "higher mix of the low-band PAD will partially offset the improvement" during the company's current third fiscal quarter.

Looking beyond the current quarter

Murphy articulated that throughout the rest of Qorvo's current fiscal year, "margins will improve as operations stabilize and low-band PAD mix declines."

Looking beyond the current fiscal year, Murphy laid out the company's expectation for its next fiscal year. "We plan to exit fiscal year 2018 at over 50% gross margins, [operating expenses] below 20% of sales, and operating margins over 30%," the executive asserted.

He added that the company expects to "exit fiscal year 2017 above 46% margins" and is banking on several factors -- "additional yield improvements, factory loading, sourcing, and other productivity initiatives" -- to boost the company's margin during fiscal year 2018.

Murphy went on to outline what the company plans to do with the money it's able to bring in if it delivers on those goals.

"Achieving this performance will generate substantial free cash flow, which we plan to use for acquisitions and returning capital to our shareholders," Murphy explained.

A bump in the road for Qorvo

It's unfortunate that Qorvo suffered from poor manufacturing yields on a key part, which may shake investor confidence in Qorvo's ability to execute, at least in the near term. But the company did the right thing by taking the margin hit and doing its best to get Apple the parts that it needs.

A near-term hit to margin is far less painful than losing the trust of a major customer like Apple.

Qorvo is going to need to make sure to deliver on the yield improvements that it told investors to expect in the coming quarters, and it needs to take significant steps to make sure its products are yielding properly for future iPhone and other flagship smartphone product ramp-ups.

If the company can do that, it should be able to shore up investor confidence, and the stock could move higher over time. Apple Inc.'s Jet-Black iPhone 7 Plus Supply Is Improving Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook indicated on the company's Oct. 25 earnings call that it expects to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 by the end of the current quarter. The iPhone 7 Plus, on the other hand, is a different story.

Cook explained that he's not confident in calling for Apple to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus by the end of the quarter, as "demand looks extremely strong on both products, but particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus versus [Apple's] forecast going into the product launch."

Cook referred to iPhone 7 Plus in general, but investors should note that the iPhone 7 Plus comes in five finishes: gold, rose gold, silver, black, and jet black. By far the most difficult to buy has been the iPhone 7 Plus in jet black, with the iPhone 7 Plus in black coming in a close second.

The bad news is that the iPhone 7 Plus in jet black is still very hard to purchase, even though it launched more than a month ago. The good news, though, is that supply of these phones appears to be improving.

Availability at some Apple retail stores; shipping times down

For some time after the iPhone 7 Plus launch, website iStockNow showed that it was virtually impossible to find a jet-black iPhone 7 Plus in stock at Apple stores across the United States.

The situation is still pretty bleak for those looking to buy the device in store, but it has gotten better. There are at least some Apple stores within the United States that have the devices in stock:

For those looking to order from Apple's online store rather than making an in-store reservation, ship times have come down from approximately six to eight weeks to a more modest three to five weeks.

To be clear, that's still a pretty long time to wait, which indicates that the supply-demand imbalance for these models is still severe, but progress is progress.

Investment takeaway

It's a positive thing for any company when there's robust demand for its products. The better-than-expected demand for the iPhone 7 Plus is a positive for the iDevice maker, as these phones carry higher average selling prices than their smaller counterparts. Another potential positive for iPhone average selling prices is that demand for the jet-black iPhone 7 Plus appears to be better than it is for the iPhone models in other finishes.

At the very least, we can say that the supply-demand imbalance for the iPhone 7 Plus in jet black is more severe than it is for any other iPhone 7 Plus models.

Strong demand for high-priced iPhone models is good, but Apple needs to work quickly to make sure it satisfies that demand while it still exists. If it can, that'll be good for Apple's financial results for the current quarter and potentially its share price. If Apple exits the quarter still in supply-demand imbalance for the iPhone 7 Plus, and in particular the jet-black version, then that will push some sales out into the next quarter.

Revenue push-outs wouldn't necessarily be a negative for Apple. As long as Apple gets that revenue within the fiscal year, it's all good. However, the potential for frustrated possible iPhone 7 Plus buyers to simply give up on waiting and purchase alternative non-Apple devices is something the iDevice maker should aim to mitigate with improved supply. 
2016-02-15
An Analysis Of Michael Blair's Apple Analysis Fellow Seeking Alpha contributor Michael Blair has a knack for not letting the numbers get in his way of being negative on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). In his latest article, he brings up my note about Apple's gross margins and then utilizes some creative assumptions on how low they could go. He then adds some other analysis that portrays the company as poorly as possible.

In his article, Blair wrote:

Chuck Jones wrote a terrific article setting out the proposition that Apple margins were sustainable even in the face of slower iPhone sales.

My article points out that the company has been able to maintain gross margins between 40.1% and 42.7% when adjusted for warranty accruals over the past 10 quarters even as it has launched the iPhone 5c and 5s, 6 and 6 Plus, 6s and 6s Plus, Apple Watch, new iPads and Macs and services such as Apple Pay.

Blair continued:

What the analysis shows (Blair's analysis) is that if fiscal 2015 iPhone shipments had been 190 million rather than 231.2 million, Apple margins would have dropped to 35.4% from 40.1%. Every 10 million iPhones shifts margins by over one percentage point.

First, Apple didn't sell 190 million iPhones in fiscal 2015 and planned its expenses for a level around 231 million, which Blair acknowledges. I'd counter that one should take a look at fiscal 2014 when Apple sold 169.2 million iPhones and the company generated 38.6% gross margins. In Blair's analysis Apple's gross margin would have been about 34.1% (down one percentage point for every 10 million fewer than the 231.2 million sold in fiscal 2015).

Apple's gross margin guidance for the March quarter is 39.0% to 39.5%, which is lower then the 40.8% a year ago and 40.1% in the December quarter (or 39.7% when the $548 million patent payment is removed). While it looks to be down, it isn't as dramatic as Blair portrays it could be.

Source: Apple company data, Morgan Stanley research

Blair intonates that iPhone sales could be down 40%

Blair uses a graph from Fiksu, which I have used before in Forbes.com notes, and I agree that the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have probably sold fewer units than the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus post their respective launches. Blair wrote:

We are halfway through Apple's Q2 and there is scant evidence of any upturn in iPhone sales with usage of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus lagging last year's models by about 40% according to Fiksu.com data.

Keep in mind that when adjusted for channel inventory, Apple only sold 4% fewer iPhones in the December quarter going from 74.7 million to 71.5 million when the graph looked similar. It appears that iPhone 6s is doing better in areas or countries that Fiksu doesn't track or has a limited view of. Also remember that the iPhone's average selling price increased from $687 in the December 2014 quarter to $740 in constant currency. It sure doesn't look like the iPhone is in trouble.

While Apple doesn't provide product unit guidance you can figure it out. For the March 2016 quarter, it should sell about 50 million iPhones versus 60.2 million a year ago, down 17%. It makes sense that iPhone sales will be down since a year ago the company was still catching up to iPhone 6 and 6 Plus demand in the March 2015 quarter.

Another metric I look at are cumulative sales over the trailing three quarters and four quarters since these help to remove differences in iPhone launch dates and country availability. If it sells 50 and 43 million iPhones in the March and June quarters, respectively, the three quarter unit growth would be down 1% and four quarters would be down 3%. These growth rates give another indication that Apple's iPhone business is not as bad off as some make it out to be.

Not sure where Blair gets his channel inventory estimates

Blair estimates that Apple has stuffed the channel with 23 million iPhones, with no detail explaining his projection. I don't see how he gets that number because Apple has reported that there were 21.6 million iPhones in the channel at the end of December and at the low-end of its 5-to-7 weeks target. Is he saying Apple management isn't telling the truth? Does he expect there to be no inventory in the channel? Apple increased its target channel inventory from 4-to-6 weeks to 5-to-7 weeks starting with the March 2015 quarter due to the size and complexity of its channel.

Not much downside in Apple stock

While it is always worthwhile to understand the downsides to a company and its stock, cherry picking numbers can be more harmful than helpful. I wrote a Forbes.com note outlining three downside scenarios to Apple's sales and gross margins along with the relationship to the ensuing stock price and its net cash position.

The projections cut revenue forecasts by 5% to 10%, dropped gross margins to 37.5% then 35% and then 30% and kept operating expenses for 2016 the same as 2015's $22 billion and then decreased to $20 billion in 2017. The ensuing EPS estimates were $8.50 and $7 in 2016 and $5.50 in 2017.

A more realistic downside case that I believe would be hard to achieve is fiscal 2016's revenue 10% below the Street's projection at $212.4 billion, gross margins at 36% and operating expenses essentially the same as fiscal 2015's at $22 billion. This produces EPS of $7.25. At a PE multiple of 10x the stock price would be $72.50 with no benefit to the $20 in net cash the company would have at that time. While investors won't give the company full credit for the cash, the combination would be close to Friday's closing price of $94. Overall, Apple should still make a significant amount of money, and as its install base of iPhones, iPads and Macs continues to grow this will benefit the company in the long term.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Sand Hill Insights and Chuck Jones is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. Readers are advised that the material contained herein should be used solely for informational purposes. Sand Hill Insights/Chuck Jones does not purport to tell or suggest which investment securities readers should buy or sell. Readers should conduct their own research and due diligence and obtain professional advice before making investment decision. Sand Hill Insights/Chuck Jones will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by information obtained in our materials. Readers are solely responsible for their own investment decisions. 
2016-09-06
3 Things to Look for From Apple Inc. and the iPhone 7 If you have a big, red circle on your calendar with a friendly reminder about Wednesday and Apple Inc. (AAPL), you're not alone.

Every September around this time, Apple throws a soiree to announce a few new products, but always front and center is the latest iteration of its iconic iPhone. This year, that date is Sept. 7. And this year, those iterations are the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus.

Apple lovers and technophiles will be locked into Wednesday's event, sure. That's a given. But seeing as how AAPL is one of the most watched companies (if not the most watched company) on the market, and America's largest stock by market capitalization   giving it an outsized effect on hundreds of hedge, mutual and exchange-traded funds   well   you can bet Wall Street will be pretty interested too.

In particular, investors who are long on Apple stock will be hanging on each word. That's because Apple is in the red since May 2015 and is underperforming the broader market so far this year. That's also because iPhone sales have declined in two consecutive quarters, which is particularly worrisome given that the iPhone accounts for well more than half the company's revenues.

Naturally, those longs will be looking and waiting for something. Here are three things investors probably want to see out of the iPhone 7   and whether they're likely to see it:

Water resistance. The iPhone 7 is expected to include many upgrades, several of them meaningful. For instance, KGI Securities (via 9to5 Mac) says the iPhone's memory is going to get a long-needed upgrade on the low end, from 16 GB to 32 GB. (Have you ever deleted photos or apps to have enough storage to install the latest iOS update? Yeah, you're smiling right now.) This upgrade simply addresses the reality that 16 GB is inadequate anymore, even for base-level iPhone users. Serial picture-takers and audio hoarders still will have to pay up for more storage, either via the phone itself or iCloud.

But water resistance might be the best improvement Apple makes.

That same report, from KGI's Ming-Chi Kuo   a respected name in the Apple tech analysis game   says the iPhone 7 will be more protected now. MacRumors' roundup says the iPhone 7 will have "Improved IPX7 water resistance matching that of the original Apple Watch and making the device suitable for splashes, showering, and even brief dips in water up to 1 meter deep."

A few Samsung phones boast water protection   something you probably already know thanks to Li'l Wayne's unforgettable champagne showers for the Galaxy S7 Edge. Sony Corp. (SNE) also makes a couple of water-resistant phones via its Xperia line. Heck, Caterpillar (CAT) Cat Phones are waterproof to 5 meters.

Smartphones aren't luxuries now. They're necessities. Many people put their entire lives into their smartphones. Thus, we need smartphones that are increasingly durable against anything they might come up against in a lifetime of heavy use.

Apple needs (and is expected) to get itself on par on this front before water resistance becomes a major selling point that sends would-be buyers to Apple's rivals.

The headphone jack. Most consumers might grouse if Apple finally removes the headphone jack from its iPhones, but investors should welcome it.

For months, rumors have abounded concerning whether Apple would ditch the headphone jack. Product certifications for "AirPods" (via MacRumors) and possible leaked plans to launch new Beats headphones along with the iPhone 7 (via France's iGen) further cement this fear.

Naturally, this would irk many users, as Apple's EarPods and other wired headphones work fine not just with the iPhone, but laptops and other devices. But it looks like Apple is going to head that off by the pass by including new Lightning-connected EarPods and a 3.5mm converter in packaging. That might sound like a missed money grab opportunity   but wait, there's more.

For one, MacRumors discovered Eurasian Economic Union certification for so-called "AirPods"   higher-priced wireless Apple earbuds that likely will not be bundled with the new iPhone 7. Moreover, there's the aforementioned iGen leak that implies Beats   which is now owned by Apple   will try to capitalize with new offerings of its own, no doubt tailored to the changes in audio input.

Lightning audio does have its upsides, too, including better sound quality. Plus, Apple can make its iPhones thinner without the headphone jack, and it makes water-protecting the device easier.

In short, Apple is making improvements while disturbing an iPhone mainstay, and positioning itself to tout new, pricy audio equipment to usher in this change.

A game-changing iPhone. If the rumors and leaks are true, the iPhone 7 is going to be better in many ways. Better cameras, better storage, better RAM (for the iPhone 7 Plus, says DigiTimes) and better protection from the elements. You could even argue that, if the headphone jack rumors are true, this iPhone will be "different."

And at the end of the day, if those upgrades and differences are enough to get hordes of current iPhone users up off their couch and into Apple Stores, that's all that really matters if you hold AAPL shares.

But the ghost of iPhone future might be enough to keep people on the sidelines.

Apple is changing its product launch cycle to every three years from two, which means we're not going to see a truly major design change until next year. The Wall Street Journal reports that those changes "could include an edge-to-edge organic light-emitting diode, or OLED, screen and eliminating the home button by building the fingerprint sensor into the display, according to people familiar with the matter." Waterproofing likely would be better without a home button, the screen could be bigger and better, and it'll almost certainly have Lightning audio, too. Thus, many would-be buyers might try to hold off just one more year.

Sure, not everyone has that option. Many iPhone 6 Plus users suffering from "touch disease"   a defect involving a flaw in the touch screen   will probably want to upgrade. Heck, even Apple itself says its iPhones have an expected lifespan of three years   so right now, there's a natural roll-up of people who own iPhones with increasingly nagging problems just waiting to upgrade. Will Samsung's Battery Debacle Be A Game Changer for Apple Inc (AAPL)? Korean electronics company Samsung is having a pretty rough week. Just two weeks after the release of the much-awaited Galaxy Note 7 phablet, the smartphone maker announced a worldwide recall due to serious battery defects.

According to news outlets, there were more than 30 recorded cases of Galaxy Note batteries exploding, some while in transit. The recall of the hot-selling device came at the worst possible time: Apple Inc s (NASDAQ:AAPL) flagship smartphone is set to launch on the 7th in San Francisco.

According to Carolina Milanesi, an analyst at Creative Strategies,  [t]he timing could not be worse given how positive the reviews of the Note 7 have been, and this is the device Samsung was counting on for the holiday season. 

If Apple plays its cards right, the iPhone 7 could reach the top of the sales chart, leaving Samsung the difficult task of sending replacement units worldwide and convincing customers to accept the replacement rather than making the switch to the new iPhone in the same week.

And while iPhone s unit sales have plummeted this year, a significant number of current iPhone owners could be looking to upgrade their devices. Samsung took two years to upgrade the Note, an effort meant to develop a larger group of possible buyers looking to upgrade. Apple is expected to woo these prospects away from the Korean smartphone maker, according to Neil Shah, research director at Counterpoint Technology.

 This squashes Samsung s only critical window of opportunity before the new iPhone proliferates to tap the two-year-old Note and iPhone base,  Shah says.

Last week, Samsung issued a statement regarding the defective Note batteries, saying that it has  found a battery cell issue.  The company announced that it will conduct an investigation on the matter and will halt sales while offering a replacement for devices already sold.

Wall Street analysts who follow the issue predict that the recall will damage Samsung as a brand while lifting Apple s image.

 This issue could bode well for Apple and specifically the iPhone 7 Plus with dual camera that is expected to be unveiled next week,  Brian White, an analyst at Drexel Hamilton, said.  Furthermore, we believe the images and videos of burning Galaxy Note 7 devices in the media will cause some damage to the Samsung brand, further bolstering Apple s brand. 

That said, analysts gave props to Samsung for moving quickly to acknowledge the problem and rectify the issue before it worsens. Before the recall, Samsung shipped 2.5 million Note 7.

 It s great that they re acting quickly and decisively here, rather than being defensive or stalling,  said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research.  The fact that they ve been able to replicate the issue in their testing means it s real and absolutely needs to be dealt with, so kudos to Samsung for just getting on with things. 

However, Dawson criticized the South Korean electronics conglomerate for allowing the problem to slip past the pre-release stage.

 To top it all off, the timing of the Note 7 launch was supposed to steal some thunder from the new iPhones, but now the Note 7 won t even be on sale the week those iPhones are announced,  he added. Apple Pay heads to Japan with help from Sony's contactless tech - Nikkei  
2016-01-07
Tim Cook Has a Lot to Lose if Apple, Inc. Underperforms Until August It's the turn of the year, which means that market headlines are full of all sorts of annual statistics. That includes the fact that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) actually underperformed the broader market in 2015. The Mac maker fared worse than any of the three major indexes, notably including the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite as fellow tech peers put up better gains on average.

December was a particularly rough month for Apple, as that was when it gave up most of its gains and modest year-to-date outperformance, mostly as investors worried about the very real possibility that iPhone unit sales may decline for the first time ever. Still, if Apple continues to underperform for the next eight months, CEO Tim Cook stands to lose quit a bit.

Doing what's right for shareholders

You might recall that way back in 2013, Cook voluntarily chose to modify the massive grant of restricted stock units that he received in 2011 upon becoming CEO. He received 1 million RSU shares under the 2011 award, and these were initially only time-based awards that would continue to vest as long as Cook stayed with the company. The modification effectively converted a large portion of these shares to performance-based awards where tranches would only vest if Apple met certain criteria.

This modification only has the potential to be negative for Cook, and there was no upside possibility to the change for his compensation. Cook & Co. felt that it was the right thing to do to enhance corporate governance, and Cook asked the board that his 2011 award and all future equity awards be subjected to performance criteria.

Here's a section from the relevant SEC filing from 2013:

Under the adopted modification, Mr. Cook will forfeit a portion of the 2011 CEO equity award, which was previously entirely time-based, if the Company does not achieve certain performance criteria. While the Committee generally believes that a performance-based award should have both a downside and an upside component, at Mr. Cook's request, the modification does not contain an upside opportunity for overachievement of these criteria. As a result of implementing a modification with only downside risk, the Committee has determined that a portion of the original grant should vest earlier than originally scheduled. This modification will not change the award's original value for accounting expense purposes.

Apple decided that the most relevant performance metric would be total shareholder return, or TSR, which includes reinvested dividends. But Apple's TSR must outperform comparable other companies for certain measurement periods for each related tranche to vest. If Apple performs within the top third, 100% of the tranche vests. If Apple performs within the middle third, 50% of the tranche vests. If Apple performs within the bottom third, 0% of the tranche vests.

One tranche vested fully just a few months ago in August, after Apple scored within the top third (its relative TSR of 76.8% placed it in the 90th percentile of the 458 included comparable companies). But Cook has another tranche coming up in August 2016, and considering Apple's dip over the past month and the current pervasive investor pessimism around iPhone order cuts (which is probably just noise anyway), the executive could potentially have a lot at risk. Apple's lead is shrinking

Apple has just filed its proxy statement ahead of its upcoming annual shareholder meeting, and the relevant measurement period for the August 2016 tranche is Aug. 25, 2013 through Aug. 24, 2016. It's not clear precisely which specific companies are included in the comparison, but it is the majority of the S&P 500. Here's how Apple has performed thus far in this measurement period:

During early 2015, Apple was handily beating the market, but the latter half of the year was not kind and the outperformance gap for the period has closed quite a bit. Apple's cheap valuation usually doesn't do it too many favors, since it's an emotionally loaded stock that's popular with traders. Even if fiscal first-quarter earnings (due out later this month) are fundamentally solid in terms of earnings power and cash flow, negative sentiment could still persist if iPhone unit sales underwhelm investors.

But depending on how peers do, Cook could miss out on some of those shares. The good news is that from a corporate governance perspective, his interests are quite aligned with investors, which was the whole purpose of the modification in the first place. Apple Buys Artificial-Intelligence Startup Emotient Apple Inc. has purchased Emotient Inc., a startup that uses artificial-intelligence technology to read people s emotions by analyzing facial expressions.

It isn t clear what Apple plans to do with Emotient s technology, which was primarily sold to advertisers to help assess viewer reactions to their ads. Doctors also have tested it to interpret signs of pain among patients unable to express themselves, and a retailer used it to... Those Silly Apple, Inc. Rumors About Faraday Future Look Even Sillier Now Do you remember a couple of months ago when a bizarre rumor emerged about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and super-secretive Silicon Valley electric car start-up Faraday Future?

Specifically, the idea was that Apple could be using Faraday Future as a front, kind of like a shell company, to veil its buildup of critical manufacturing infrastructure. The two companies' shared emphasis on secrecy is a common trait, and both are expected to challenge Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) in the near future. Faraday Future also had a mysterious source of funding, as it plans on building a $1 billion manufacturing facility in Nevada. That's but a tiny dent in Apple's cash position.

But beyond these shallow commonalities, this rumor really never made sense to begin with. And now that Faraday Future has unveiled what it's up to, the idea looks even sillier.

This is about as un-Apple as it gets

At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas earlier this week, Faraday Future hosted its first unveiling event for its electric concept car. The FFZERO1 concept's "projected specifications" included over 1,000 horsepower and a 0-60 mph time of less than 3 seconds. Oh, and it only seats one person. The car itself is quite over the top and unrealistic.

Faraday Future is working on a Variable Platform Architecture, or VPA, that utilizes modular components with the hopes of accelerating development time frames for a wide category of electric vehicles. The Batmobile-looking thing is just an example of a type of car that could be possible on the company's VPA. Faraday Future says it will have real cars to show off in a couple of years.

But the presentation was poorly delivered and the company raised more questions than it answered. Faraday Future made a wide range of hyperbolic claims about how it would revolutionize the auto industry, including a direct comparison of itself to the iPhone in 2007. We're talking about statements like "We need to define the future from the future's perspective," and that the company is working on "nothing less than a complete rethink of what mobility means." Yet it didn't provide any real detail or tangible strategy or model.

Now, Apple is no stranger to hyperbole, but at least when Apple makes a bold claim it at least attempts to back it up with some type of evidence or new product or feature. And Apple would never host an event years in advance to show off an unfinished product.

At the same time, the identity of Faraday Future's backers was also revealed: China's LEtv. LEtv is an online media streaming company in China, often referred to as the "Netflix of China," and they have created an automotive division to partner with Faraday Future. LEtv will help Faraday Future find additional investors as well as help enter the important Chinese auto market. It will also help build up connectivity infrastructure and content to integrate with a future electric vehicle made by Faraday Future.

He didn't say no

Now, none of this is to say that Apple isn't working on an electric vehicle. There's way too much evidence that suggests it is. The most recent clue was on a 60 Minutes segment on Apple that aired last month. When asked point blank whether or not Apple would ever enter the car market, Tim Cook was rather coy.

I mean, seriously, look at this guy:

Clearly, Apple is up to something, and it most certainly is not (and never could have been) Faraday Future. Will Apple Inc. Skip Skylake for Its Next 12-Inch MacBook? Back in March of 2015, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced an entirely new notebook design under the MacBook branding. The device is powered by a Core m processor based on Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Broadwell architecture, is fanless, and is extremely thin and light.

What I found particularly interesting is that even though Intel released new Core m processors based on its Skylake architecture, Apple has yet to update its MacBook line to these new processors.

After taking a look at some recent Intel product plan leaks, I could see Apple completely skipping over Skylake-based Core m chips in favor of Core m processors based on the follow-on to Skylake, known as Kaby Lake.

It would mean a slightly later launch, but here's why that's OK

According to a slide leaked by BenchLife.info, the first mobile Kaby Lake processor -- known as Kaby Lake-U in a 2+2 configuration (two cores, GT2 graphics) -- will arrive late in the second quarter/early in the third quarter of 2016.

The argument against Apple skipping over Skylake and landing its next-generation MacBook on Kaby Lake is that this would mean that the current MacBook would go without an update for more than a year.

That being said, I don't think this would be too much of a problem for Apple for a couple of reasons.

First, I suspect that Apple will refresh its MacBook Air/MacBook Pro lines at the rumored March event with quite fast and attractive Skylake-based devices, so there will be plenty of new, intriguing stuff for potential Mac customers to get their hands on. If the 12-inch MacBook is a little later to get a refresh, it's probably not going to negatively impact Apple's Mac sales to any large degree.

Next, Apple seems to be able to continue to gain market share against Windows-based PCs, even if its products are late to transition to newer-generation processors. I wouldn't be surprised if there were data to suggest that Apple's Broadwell-powered 12-inch MacBook is still gaining share against comparable Windows devices powered by newer Skylake chips.

What would Kaby Lake bring to the table that Skylake doesn't?

If Apple were to use a Skylake Core m processor inside of an updated MacBook, it would deliver a solid boost in performance and power efficiency across the board. If it were to jump directly from Broadwell to Kaby Lake, though, it would get all of the benefits that Skylake brought to the table plus the additional enhancements that Kaby Lake brings.

Kaby Lake is expected to deliver improvements in both CPU performance as well as in 3D graphics. Additionally, Kaby Lake brings hardware support for additional video codecs (HEVC Main10 and VP9 come to mind), which should deliver efficiency improvements for some types of video playback.

One more thing

A final point to consider is that if Apple refreshes the 12-inch MacBook to use Kaby Lake in mid-2016, this would allow a smooth transition to the 10-nanometer Intel Cannonlake chip in mid-2017 if Intel is able to deliver chips in that time frame.

Cannonlake, unlike Kaby Lake, will bring a move to a new manufacturing technology relative to its predecessor, which should bring significant efficiency improvements. I suspect that Apple would be quite eager to transition to Cannonlake as soon as possible for the 12-inch MacBook for those efficiency gains. Is This a Sign That Apple Inc.'s A10 Will Have an In-House Graphics Processor? It is plainly evident from Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) job openings and many of its hires over the last several years that the iDevice maker is working to build a custom graphics processor. The company has traditionally -- and to great effect -- licensed graphics intellectual property from British graphics specialist Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF).

However, with a custom Apple-designed graphics architecture, Apple may be able to deliver even better performance/power than standard Imagination designs.

It has not been clear when we should expect to see Apple's first truly custom graphics processor, but a recent announcement from Imagination may suggest that we will see it in the company's next-generation A10 processor.

Imagination's next-generation GPU is... Series 7XT Plus?

Typically, Imagination outs new graphics processor intellectual property at a yearly clip, with Apple generally leading the way in terms of implementing the graphics specialist's technologies. For example, the A7 processor includes Imagination's Series 6 GPU architecture, the A8 implements the Series 6XT, and the A9 packs a Series 7XT design.

I would have expected Imagination to announce a next-generation graphics processor known as the Series 8XT at around this time, with the first implementation likely being in Apple's A10 processor inside of this fall's iPhone 7. However, at CES, Imagination announced that its newly updated graphics intellectual property family isn't the Series 8, but is instead the Series 7XT Plus.

According to AnandTech, the big improvements in the Series 7XT Plus architecture have to do mainly with GPU computing applications as well as some smaller general improvements in a bid to improve power efficiency over Imagination's Series 7XT family.

Is this enough for Apple?

Apple seems to care a lot about the graphics performance of its iDevices, and I would imagine that it would like to deliver yet another significant boost in graphics performance with the iPhone 7 later this year. After all, the more performance that Apple puts into its iDevices, the greater freedom that app developers will have to create unique and rich applications (particularly games).

It doesn't seem to me that a mild enhancement to the pre-existing Series 7XT graphics processors will really be enough to deliver an impressive year-over-year graphics improvement.

Now, what Apple could very well do is use the Series 7XT Plus graphics architecture in a configuration with more graphics "clusters" than it did in the A9. An eight-cluster Series 7XT Plus design, for example, has the potential to offer a lot more performance than the six-cluster Series 7XT design inside of the A9 does.

However, if Apple can deliver a more powerful and/or area-efficient solution to achieve this desired level of performance, then I would expect to see that instead.

Nothing conclusive at this point, but don't be surprised if the A10 has an Apple GPU

It's obviously far too early for us outsiders to tell what Apple will ultimately do with respect to the graphics inside of the A10. However, Apple is known to have been working on an in-house graphics processor for years now (at least since 2013).

It's probably not going to be too much longer before we see Apple's first in-house graphics processor emerge, but the question -- at least in my mind -- is whether we will see it in the A10 chip or in the company's 2017 A11 chip.

At the end of the day, I believe Apple wants to continue to differentiate its A-series processors as much as possible, and if Apple ultimately develops an in-house GPU that's even better than the already excellent Imagination GPUs, then this should be a nice point of differentiation. 
2016-06-20
Government eases sourcing norms for Apple Inc. NEW DELHI: In a move that could benefit giants such as Apple, the government on Monday once again tweaked the rules to do away with the clause mandating local sourcing by companies opening their own stores to sell products using "cutting-edge" technology.The new rules stipulate that companies coming via the single-brand retail window with "state-of-the-art" or "cutting edge" will not have to meet the 30% sourcing requirement for three years and a further relaxation of up to five years can be given. As was the case earlier, a committee headed by industrial policy and promotion secretary with other sectoral experts would decide if a product had "cutting-edge" technology or not.Apple's proposal to set up its own stores had been turned down by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) which suggested that an indefinite waiver would affect the government's initiative to create more jobs in the manufacturing sector.While the iPhone and iPad maker was not available for comment, the government suggested that Apple might have to file its proposal afresh. When asked if Apple will have to apply afresh, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, "With this policy coming out now, I would presume, obviously (they will have to)."Industrial policy and promotion secretary Ramesh Abhishek said the government would inform Apple to indicate whether they would like to avail the new provisions.Consultants, however, said the government might have ended up tightening the rules, which could deter investors. "The government appears to have tightened the sourcing norms for single brand trading in products having 'state-of-the-art' and 'cutting edge' technology.While the language is not too clear, it appears that the entities engaged in trading of such products would now need to comply with the sourcing norms over a period of eight years (3 plus 5) as against an earlier norm where the government had the option to completely waive the sourcing norms for such entities. If this is indeed the case, this move would adversely impact the fate of several companies, especially in the technology space that were hoping for a complete waiver on the grounds that the products proposed to be sold involved state of the art technology."Last November, a special window was carved for technology-based foreign companies to set up shop in the country through the single-brand retail route as developing a local vendor base in a short span was not . For companies opting to open stores under the single-brand retail format, the government has mandated 30% sourcing from local vendors.Apple has identified India along with China as important growth markets and opening stores is part of the plan to ramp up its presence. Currently, the company sells its products through distributors. Its chief executive Tim Cook was in India to drum up support for its plans to open its own stores as well as making it presence even stronger in the country, which is likely to serve as one of its biggest markets for years to come. Apple Inc.'s iPhone SE Still in Short Supply Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest iPhone, the iPhone SE, is a curious device. The phone packs many of the key internals of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus into essentially the same chassis as the nearly four-year-old iPhone 5. The iPhone SE is also quite modestly priced for an iPhone, with versions packing 16 gigabytes of storage selling for just $399 without contract and 64 gigabyte models selling for $499.

On the company's last earnings call, shortly after the launch of the iPhone SE, CEO Tim Cook said that demand "has been very strong and exceeds supply at this point." The executive did say that the company was working to "get the iPhone SE into the hands of every customer who wants one as quickly as possible."

Although supply seems to have improved, it doesn't look like Apple has reached supply/demand balance for these products yet.

So, you want an iPhone SE?

I recently visited Apple.com to check expected shipping times for various iPhone SE models. For all SIM-free, 16-gigabyte models, Apple's site says that the devices will be available to ship in "7-10 business days." The same thing goes for all SIM-free 64-gigabyte models.

In fact, it's not just the SIM-free ones that appear to be in short supply. The 7-10 business day shipping time applied to all storage configurations and colors for phones sold pre-installed with SIM cards for all of the listed carriers through Apple's website.

Nearly three months following the launch of the iPhone SE and lead times are still proving quite long, though not as long as the 2-3 week lead times previously seen. Supply has improved, but it would seem that demand continues to outpace supply.

A potential explanation

Although it would seem that demand for the iPhone SE is quite good, I can't help but believe that Apple is being extremely cautious about the quantities that it builds and ships into its distribution channels.

Recall that demand for the iPhone 6s/6s Plus proved to be weaker than Apple had hoped. As a result of this weak demand, Apple guided to a weak fiscal third quarter as it tries to significantly reduce its iPhone channel inventory.

In fact, on the company's last call, CFO Luca Maestri said that Apple's channel inventory reduction is good for "over $2 billion" worth of product. Even for a company as large as Apple, that's significant.

Apple is likely being cautious on iPhone SE builds in order to avoid having to undertake similar channel inventory reduction efforts in the future related to this product. Indeed, with new flagship iPhone models slated to arrive in just three months, the excitement among customers is likely to shift away from the iPhone SE and toward the newer phones.

The future of the iPhone SE

At this point, it would seem that the iPhone SE is a success, in no small part due to its price point. As a result, I expect that Apple will want to iterate on it going forward.

There are a lot of directions that Apple can go with a future iPhone SE. In addition to the usual internal improvements, I expect that the next generation model could have the following features:

A higher quality display (LCD, though, not OLED)

Industrial design that more closely resembles the iPhone 6/6s

Greater screen to body ratio (narrower bezels)

Improved front facing camera (I can see the current rear facing camera being "good enough" for another generation)

It'll be interesting to see what the iDevice maker has cooking for the future of the small, relatively low-cost iPhone. Apple Says It Won't Support the Republican Convention Apple is declining to support the 2016 Republican presidential convention, Politico and the New York Times reported over the weekend.

This means that Apple isn't donating any technology or cash to the event that will name Donald Trump the Republican nominee for president. The convention will take place in Cleveland in July.

According to Politico, Apple has supported Republican (and Democratic) conventions in the past, but won't contribute funds this year because of Trump:

Apple has told Republican leaders it will not provide funding or other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention, as it's done in the past, citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities...

Apple's political stand against Trump, communicated privately to Republicans, is a sign of the widening schism between Silicon Valley and the GOP's bombastic presumptive nominee.

Apple declined to comment. Trump supporters are still upset though, with the hashtag #boycottapple filling up with angry tweets from Trump-related accounts - although few GOP leaders have taken up the anti-Apple banner so far.

On Monday morning, one commentator on Fox News said that Apple had "offended" him and threatened that if Apple didn't change his stance, he would no longer buy Apple computers.

This isn't the first time that Apple has been a target of Trump's. Trump likes to criticize Apple's usage of Chinese manufacturing, and supported the FBI over a debate between it and Apple over a locked iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters.

Trump also received speaking fees for giving a speech for Samsung in 2015.

Apple CEO Tim Cook has received praise in recent years for taking strong stances on certain issues, such as gay rights and climate change. Cook hasn't spoken publicly about his political beliefs as they apply to the Democratic or Republican parties, but he did like these two tweets from his favorite band, One Republic:

America needs a 3rd party... In a world with a million options for everything, it's insane we only have 2. -- OneRepublic (@OneRepublic) March 15, 2016

Can we please just get a legitimate, competitive 3rd party in the U.S. so those of us who aren't way Left or Right could actually vote?? -- OneRepublic (@OneRepublic) March 15, 2016

Ultimately, Apple wasn't going to donate that much anyway. In 2008, it contributed $140,000, mostly in the form of MacBooks and other free computers. According to Politico, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft will continue to provide support to the GOP convention.

This story first appeared on Business Insider. Buffett's Apple Inc. Stock Cost Him An Average Of $99.49 A Share Warren Buffett surprised many when he purchased nearly 10 million shares of Apple for just shy of a billion dollar investment last month. Warren Buffett is certainly one of the most, if not the most, successful value investors in the world. Hell, he nearly coined the phrase  value investing  and that means that Apple has grown up in his eyes and is a company that should be purchased and held for the future.

But Buffett never invests in tech companies

And that still remains the case. It appears the holding was begun by one of Buffett s investment managers, either Ted Weschler or Todd Combs. The regulatory filing that Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway filed which covered the trades showed that Berkshire purchased 9.81 million shares of the Cupertino giant for a sum of about $976 million and average share price of $99.49.

It should be said that Berkshire either got in too early or too late as Apple did drop to $89.47 in mid-May, which is almost exactly $10 less per share than the average paid by Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway.

Berkshire s purchase was a bit of good news for a stock that hasn t been performing well at the risk of understatement.

Buffett s purchase of 981 million shares were made before March 14th without giving further details of when and for what prices, simply the average and Buffett didn t comment on the purchase. It s quite possible that Berkshire picked up more shares later as Apple continued its decline and that we will be reporting that in the coming months.

Buffett got in while Carl Icahn and David Tepper s Appaloosa Management were dumping their holdings in Apple.

It s no secret that iPhone sales are the engine that powers Apple and the first quarterly decline in iPhone sales since its introduction is responsible for the stock s decline. There appears to be no end in sight at this point as analysis are already predicting poor sales for the yet released iPhone 7 owing to only minor upgrades on the iPhone 6S, or so we re led to believe.

In May, the earlier purchases by Berkshire made it Apple s 56th largest shareholder. 
2016-01-02
Will 2016 Be Apple Inc.'s Best Year Yet? In becoming the biggest company in the world by market cap, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has built a company that tends to turn like a cruise ship. It takes a long time for any change to make a big impact, and even things that would effect smaller companies barely cause a ripple.

If most companies released a product that cost as much to develop as Apple Watch, its success or failure could literally make or sink the business. For Apple, however, even a $1 billion segment such as its set-top television boxes could disappear and it would only be a rounding error. That's the case when you do $234 billion in revenue a year (as of fiscal 2015).

You could argue that in producing that revenue -- a 28% improvement over fiscal 2014 -- Apple just had its best year ever. That doesn't mean the best is not yet to come, though, and there are two ways Apple could make 2016 its best year yet.

How can Apple have a big year?

There are only two ways Apple can massively change its business in the short term. The first is to release a new, game-changing product. That seems unlikely in 2016, as there are no major rumors that the company has a major release planned.

The company could see big increases in its watch business or really grow Apple TV, and it won't lead to its best year ever. To do that, it would need to create something as big as another iPod or iPhone. It's possible that an Apple car could be that transformative, but the odds that one will be released in the next 12 months are essentially zero.

That means the only way Apple could post its best year ever is the second way -- by increasing iPhone sales. The company's smartphone represented over 60% of its revenue in 2015, according to data from Statista, so a big increase could power it to a record year.

It's very possible that will happen, leading Apple to its best year ever.

Why might iPhone sales hit a record?

Apple refreshes the iPhone at a regular cadence, which suggests the iPhone 7 will hit shelves in the fall of 2016. This could become the biggest and fastest-ever-selling phone from the company, for a number of reasons.

First, iPhone releases have become events, and the new model number year is generally a bigger deal than the alternate "s" year. In this case, iPhone 7 is expected to be thinner, perhaps no longer have a physical home button, and who knows what else. It may not have anything as important as when Siri was added or when the connector was switched to the current Lightning hookup, but it's almost certain that the company will have something big planned for the new model.

In addition, Apple should benefit from how the smartphone market has shifted in recent years. All four major carriers used to rely upon two-year contracts to sell consumers subsidized smartphones. That locked people into a device for 24 months unless they paid it off.

The near death of that model has made it easier for people -- specifically Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) customers -- to get a new phone every year. T-Mobile, through its Jump! On Demand program, lets users trade in their phones for a new one up to three times a year with penalty (but the financing clock starts anew). Sprint has something similar with its iPhone for Life program, a leasing plan in which customers never own their phone but are always assured they will have the latest iPhone.

T-Mobile especially has been a company on the rise, and both it and Sprint have new networks that work well with the latest iPhones. That, coupled with good plan pricing, could lead the third- and fourth-place wireless carriers to more -- maybe a lot more -- market share in the coming year.

In addition, it has been heavily rumored that Apple will introduce a new model with a 4-inch screen to replace the now-outdated iPhone 5s. If it does that, it would have a model that appeals to people who simply don't want the 4.7-inch screen, which has now become the standard.

2015 looks great

The next year looks strong for the iPhone and thereby strong for Apple. Everything is in place for the iPhone 7 to be the most popular phone ever sold. If you match that with Apple's adding a slightly downmarket but still top-tier 4-inch phone, then the company could grow its already impressive market share.

If that happens and the rest of the company's business segments keep churning along, then it should have a shot at scoring its best year ever. 
2016-01-17
Apple, Inc. Stock Is Cheaper Than These 3 Stocks Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has taken a serious beating during the past six months, down about 24%. During the same period, the S&P 500 declined about 11%. With the stock already trading conservatively before the pullback, shares are now trading squarely in bargain territory. This is as evident as ever by comparing Apple to three stagnating companies in different industries: McDonad's (NYSE:MCD), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), and H&R Block (NYSE:HRB).

Let's compare these four companies on a handful of metrics related to both recent performance and valuation.

Company Trailing-12-Month EPS Growth (YOY) Trailing-12-Month Revenue (YOY) P/E Price-to-Cash Flow Apple 43% 28% 10.5 8.5 McDonald's (9.1%) (8.3%) 25.2 17.9 Wal-Mart (2%) 0.1% 13.5 8.1 H&R Block (8%) 1.5% 20.1 12.4

Recent performance

Measured by recent performance, Apple is the clear winner among these four stocks, with EPS soaring 43%. During the past twelve months, McDonald's and H&R Block were both in decline, with EPS falling 2% and 7%, respectively. Wal-Mart came close to maintaining its bottom line but still slipped slightly compared to the year-ago period.

But is this comparison distorted by Apple's monstrous performance during the last four quarters, or is this truly indicative of the tech giant's superior ability to grow its business compared to McDonald's, Wal-Mart, and H&R Block? While it is true that Apple's performance during the past twelve months is much better than usual, zooming out to five-year average growth rates for EPS still puts Apple's performance far head of the other three companies. During the past five years, Apple averaged annualized EPS growth of about 34%, while the highest five-year average from the other three was Wal-Mart at close to 6%.

To be fair, it's very possible that Apple's sales growth could flatten during the next twelve months, or even turn negative. On the other hand, the tech giant could post double-digit growth during this period. This volatility and uncertainty is part of the package for a company that derives over 60% of its revenue from a single product category. Indeed, this uncertainty is a big reason for the stock's low price-to-earnings multiple. But the fact that Apple can still grow so substantially in a single year is solid evidence that the company's underlying brand is still thriving.

Valuation

Despite the fact that Apple is proving to investors it can still grow its business meaningfully, just as these other three stocks are clearly struggling to grow their businesses, the tech giant trades at the most conservative valuation of this group of stocks, with a P/E ratio of just 10.5. Compared to McDonald's and H&R Block in particular, which have P/E ratios of 25.2 and 20.1, Apple stock looks like a steal.

Does Apple really deserve to trade at such a discount compared to companies like McDonald's and H&R Block? Does it truly deserve similar P/E and price-to-cash flow ratios as Wal-Mart? Sure, Apple faces some uncertainty about its ability to live up to the hugely successful iPhone cycle it benefited from last year. But the company has also clearly demonstrated its brand and pricing power over the last two decades, building a deep and complex connection with users that is here to stay. Even more, this loyal customer base is still growing, and it's as loyal as ever.

While a comparison of Apple with other names in totally different industries certainly isn't perfect, it does paint a telling story about just how conservative Apple's valuation is today.

The market is not a rational place. And Apple's valuation doesn't make sense. These things happen from time to time -- and I call them bargains. 
2016-08-29
Apple (AAPL) Hit With Multibillion-Dollar Tax Bill in Ireland Stocks mentioned in this article: AAPL, FB, SBUX, AMZN

Apple Inc. (ticker: AAPL), the world's most valuable public company, will have to pay 13 billion euros ($14.6 billion) in back taxes to Ireland, the European Commission ruled, because the technology giant had been receiving illegal state aid in the form of a lower tax rate.

The ruling Tuesday follows a multiyear inquiry into the relationship between Apple and Dublin; it sought to find out whether Ireland broke EU law by giving Apple tax treatments that weren't available to other companies.

Apple says it will appeal the ruling. CEO Tim Cook says the finding has "no basis in fact or in law."

In a disclosure to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Apple has said an adverse ruling in this case could end up being "material" to its finances. Apple's shares were down 0.6 percent Tuesday after an initial 3 percent dip.

Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) and Fiat have both previously been ordered by the European Commission to pay back taxes, and Amazon.com (AMZN) is under investigation.

Last month, Facebook (FB) was slapped with a tax bill from the Internal Revenue Service for between $3 billion and $5 billion for another Dublin-involved scheme. The IRS investigation stemmed from the fact that Facebook allegedly understated the value of intellectual property it transferred to Facebook Ireland in a bid to trim its tax bill.

Facebook's fine would likely have a much bigger impact on the social network's business than the EC ruling will have over Apple's.

The fine itself represents a drop in the bucket for Apple, which has more than $230 billion in cash and investments to its name.

The company's newest version of the iPhone, its flagship product, will be announced on Sept. 7. It's rumored to be the first iteration made without a headphone jack.

Updated on Aug. 30, 2016: This story has been updated to add details of the ruling and Apple's response. Remember Xiaomi? How Apple Killed The 'Apple Killer' I wrote an article then stating that I did not believe Xiaomi would beat Apple in China, or anywhere else for that matter.

What a difference two years makes. In late 2014, the financial media became obsessed with a small smartphone company called Xiaomi (Private:XI). The company was founded in 2010 and was growing rapidly. By early 2015, the hype turned into full-blown mania. Analysts fell in love with the Xiaomi story. Xiaomi was seen as a real threat to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and was being lauded as the "Apple of China."

Fast forward and hardly anyone ever talks about Xiaomi anymore. It virtually disappeared from the financial media, and only recently resurfaced, albeit for all the wrong reasons. A recent article in International Business Times suggests Xiaomi's valuation has plunged to less than $4 billion in the private markets.

The lesson we can glean from the Xiaomi case is that Apple's brand is too strong to be undone by low-cost competition, even in international markets where Apple's brand equity is not as high as it is in the United States. The presence of Xiaomi hasn't stopped Apple from consistently growing revenue each year, thanks in large part to China.

Today, Apple has just as big of an opportunity in a new emerging market: India. And yet, many are not appreciating Apple's growth potential there, based on similar fears of low-end competition. But just as cheap competition from Xiaomi and others did not stop Apple in China, moving forward, Apple won't be stopped in India either.

Xiaomi as a Case Study

It is true that Xiaomi presented a compelling story. It was selling devices that closely mimicked the iPhone, but for a much lower price. For example, in January 2015, Xiaomi released the Mi Note, which closely resembled the iPhone 6. The Mi Note debuted at $375, compared with a price tag in excess of $800 for the comparable iPhone. As Xiaomi is based in China, Apple bears feasted on the idea that Xiaomi would soon devour Apple's customer base. Investors bid up Xiaomi's valuation to more than $40 billion.

But that simply didn't happen. Instead, Apple has continued to grow in China. Fiscal 2015 sales increased 84% in China. Apple's sales in China grew to $58 billion for the year. Consider that in 2011, the year after Xiaomi was founded, Apple's sales in China were just $13 billion. It has more than quadrupled its revenue in China in that time, despite the competition from Xiaomi.

Those who believed Apple would fail in its expansion effort in China demonstrated what I believe to be a misunderstanding of consumer behavior. Many consumers in the emerging markets or elsewhere do not buy smartphones based on price alone. There are many other factors behind that decision, and carrying the Apple brand means something. Xiaomi did everything it could to make its phones look and feel like iPhones, but at the end of the day, they were not iPhones. This is an important distinction, because along with owning an iPhone comes the Apple ecosystem.

The Apple ecosystem is the other major reason why Xiaomi couldn't touch Apple in China. The iPhone is the primary revenue driver for Apple, since it makes up more than half of total revenue, but Apple's reliance on the iPhone will fall moving forward. That is because of Apple's growing services business. The great thing about Apple is that it benefits from its massive installed base not just in device sales, but also through recurring revenue streams such as the App Store and iTunes. Services was a point of strength for Apple last quarter. Revenue from Apple's services business increased 19% from the same quarter the previous year, to a record $6 billion. The App Store grew sales by 37% and also hit a record. Overall, services revenue exceeded $23 billion in the past four quarters.

There are a good number of Apple bears doubting whether the company will be able to replicate its growth in India, for many of the same reasons as the critics who believed Xiaomi would stop Apple's growth in China. Specifically, Apple critics contend lower-cost competition in India will prevent Apple from carving out significant market share there. That did not happen in China and I don't believe it will happen in India either.

Lessons for the Future

Consider the potential that Apple has in India. India is expected to grow its economy by 7.6-7.7% each year from 2016 to 2018, according to forecasts by the World Bank. This is an even higher growth rate than is projected for China in the same time. Just as Apple once had a small business in China, it currently only has about 3% market share in India. Many analysts believe Apple will not be able to increase market share much, because of reluctance on the part of consumers who will not want or be able to pay such high prices for Apple phones. First, many consumers will make the decision to pay up for Apple's devices, for the benefits mentioned above. And, when it comes to cost-conscious consumers, Apple has a solution for that too: the iPhone SE.

In January 2015, I wrote an article discussing why I was not buying the Xiaomi hype. Going forward, I'm even more convinced that low-end competitors won't be able to stop Apple from establishing its brand and reaping high growth rates in the emerging markets. China is now a bigger market for Apple than Europe, and India won't be too far behind. The iPhone SE will help accelerate Apple's growth in China and India, two emerging markets with populations of more than 1 billion and rising middle classes.

Disclaimer: This article represents the opinion of the author, who is not a licensed financial advisor. This article is intended for informational and educational purposes only, and should not be construed as investment advice to any particular individual. Readers should perform their own due diligence before making any investment decisions.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple sends out invites for a Sept 7 event- CNBC  
2016-07-21
Forget Apple, Facebook Could Be The $1 Trillion Company If any company is to achieve a $1 trillion valuation, it would be Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), right?

Not so fast. CNN Money's Paul LaMonica made the case that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) could nearly triple in size from its current $350 billion valuation and be worth $1 trillion.

Which of these tech giants will be first to reach a $1 trillion market valuation? Write in Microsoft if you want!   Paul R. La Monica (@LaMonicaBuzz) July 21, 2016

According to LaMonica, there is simply "a lot to talk about" these days and there is no better place to do so than Facebook's platform.

Naturally, a $1 trillion valuation won't be achieved on Facebook's core social media platform alone. Good thing the company boasts other impressive assets in heavy demand. In fact, Facebook announced this week that its instant messaging service, Messenger, just crossed the one billion monthly active user mark.

Related Link: Facebook Now Has 4 Billion-User Products

Facebook's core social media platform, WhatsApp and Groups also boast more than one billion active users. Meanwhile, the popular picture and video sharing social media platform, Instagram, is halfway there at 500 million monthly active users.

And then there is Facebook's often ignored asset, Oculus Rift that could dominate the virtual reality segment in the years to come.

LaMonica noted that Facebook's stock has many factors working its favor. Other than a 200 percent return since its 2012 initial public offering, Facebook's stock is only trading at 26 times earnings estimates for next year - representing a "much better bargain" than Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN)'s stock which trades at 75 times profit forecasts.

Posted-In: Apple Trillion Dollar Valuation cnn money Facebook Groups Facebook Valuation Messenger Paul LaMonicaTech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-03-13
Apple, Inc. Stock: Back Above $100, Is It Still a Buy? After Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported first-quarter results in late January, the stock fell to a 52-week low of $92. Shares were looking particularly attractive after the sell-off. But the stock has since rebounded to above $100, trading at about $102 at the time of this writing. Is the stock still a buy at these levels?

Valuation

A quick glance at Apple stock would likely lead most investors to agree that shares appear to be cheap. Of course, a cheap-looking stock isn't always a great investment. A conservative valuation should be paired with a solid business before it starts to look like a good investment candidate.

Nevertheless, valuation is not only a great starting point -- but its an essential element to consider when making any investment.

On this note, two metrics, in particular, highlight undervalued nature of Apple stock.

Price-to-earnings: While a price-to-earnings ratio isn't always a useful barometer for gaining insight into a stock's valuation, it does provide perspective for matured businesses. For companies with a stable level of operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, and fairly consistent gross profit margins, a price-to-earnings ratio provides a window into the market's sentiment toward a stock's growth prospects.

Apple's P/E ratio of 11 is notably low. A P/E ratio this small essentially assumes Apple's EPS over the long haul may barely outpace inflation. For reference, the market has awarded the average stock in the S&P 500 with a much higher P/E ratio of 23 -- more than double Apple's

Free cash flow yield: Another way to look at Apple's valuation is to consider the company's free cash flow yield. Free cash flow yield refers to the cold hard cash generated from regular operations less capital expenditures as a percentage of market capitalization. The higher Apple's free cash flow yield, the more conservatively the stock is valued.

Apple's free cash flow yield is nearly 11%, near the highest levels it has been in the last five years -- and well above other tech giants such as Microsoft and Alphabet, which have free cash flow yields of about 6% and 3%, respectively.

2 big catalysts for growth

So, Apple stock appears cheap by traditional valuation metrics. But is its business about to spin into a decline? After all, with Apple guiding for a year-over-year decline in revenue for the current quarter, the tech giant's new iPhone 6s lineup looks poised to fail to outsell its iPhone 6 lineup from the year prior.

Fortunately for investors, there are two key reasons Apple's EPS should be able to continue to grow at rates beyond inflation over the long haul.

1. Share repurchases. With more than $1 of $5 dollars of Apple's revenue consistently making it to the company's bottom line, the tech giant should be able to continue to repurchase its own shares aggressively for years to come. As long as the stock trades conservatively, these repurchases will build shareholder value and boost EPS.

2. A loyal customer base. Apple is known for its loyal customer base. This reality is illustrated both by high levels of customer satisfaction for its products and Apple's industry-leading pricing power across all of its product categories. And loyalty does more than retain current customers. It helps with growth, too, since new customers are more likely to stick around with Apple's brand and buy future products than new customers to a less loyal brand would be. In other words, Apple can more likely retain the leftover customers from less-loyal brands if those users try Apple products.

Other potential catalysts for Apple include low penetration of LTE devices in large, but still emerging markets like China and India, strategic acquisitions that could be made with Apple's huge cash hoard, and potential for consistent dividend increases for years to come.

So, is Apple stock still a buy? With a valuation this conservative and a range of reasons to believe the tech giant can still grow EPS, I think so. 
2016-12-28
Apple Inc. Supplier Provides Insight on Next-Gen iPad Pro Tech Contract chip manufacturing giant Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) expects to begin recognizing revenue from the sale of chips built on its new 10-nanometer technology during the first quarter.

The 10-nanometer technology is expected to deliver performance, power, and area benefits over the company's current 16-nanometer technology, used to manufacture chips such as the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 processor found inside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

There have been several reports that TSMC's 10-nanometer technology is currently facing yield challenges, something that DigiTimes suggested could potentially affect the launch schedule of Apple's upcoming iPad Pro tablets, which are expected to incorporate chips built using this technology.

TSMC provided EETimes with an update on its expected 10-nanometer manufacturing ramp-up. Let's see what it might mean for Apple's upcoming tablets.

10-nanometer "on track"

TSMC's Elizabeth Sun told EETimes that the 10-nanometer process is "totally on track" and -- to quote EETimes -- "will contribute to sales revenue for the first time in the first quarter of 2017."

In other words, no change to what the company has said previously, though no apparent update on the yield rates of the technology.

However, the company did seemingly reveal a "new" bit of information. Although TSMC is counting on some level of revenue contribution in the first quarter of 2017 from its 10-nanometer process, Sun told EETimes that the contribution to TSMC's overall revenue in the first quarter of 2017 will be "less than one percent."

To put this into perspective, analysts expect TSMC to generate $7.63 billion in revenue during the first quarter of 2017. One percent of that would be $76 million, meaning TSMC is expecting to recognize less than that in 10-nanometer wafer revenue in the first quarter.

In other words, the "real" volume is likely to show up in the second quarter -- and beyond.

Implications for the iPad Pro

Let's suppose TSMC recognizes $50 million in revenue from 10-nanometer wafers during the first quarter at $10,000 per wafer -- so, approximately 5,000 wafers -- and let's further suppose that all of it is for the upcoming Apple A10X chip.

Going a little further, let's assume that the chip will measure in at around 130 square millimeters, a slight shrink from the 147 square millimeters of the A9X. And just to err on the side of caution, let's suppose only 50% of the chips that come off those wafers even work. BlueFin Research claims that yields are sub-50%, but bear with me.

Using these numbers, a 300-millimeter wafer should produce around 457 chips total and about 229 good chips. That many good chips per wafer multiplied by 5,000 wafers gives us just over 1.1 million A10X chips.

Last quarter, Apple shipped roughly 9.3 million iPads, though only a fraction of those were probably of the latest iPad Pro systems.

If, by the time the new iPad Pro tablets formally launch, Apple has managed to stockpile about a million of the new models using the A10X chip with additional builds in progress, it seems unlikely that production of the A10X will prove a bottleneck in the production of Apple's next-generation iPad Pro tablets. Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Surprising no one, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had a busy Christmas morning, and I'm not talking about Tim Cook giddily opening that new Lego Batman set he's been asking for. The Mac maker's activation servers were working overtime, as all those gifted iPhones and iPads were turned on for the first time.

Flurry Analytics estimates that Apple grabbed an impressive 44% of mobile device activations from Dec. 19 to Dec. 25., more than double the 21% that Samsung grabbed over the same time frame. Huawei ranked No. 3 with 3% of activations, and LG's 2% earned it the No. 4 spot. This year Hanukkah and Christmas had an overlap, with Hanukkah starting on Dec. 24. Flurry's estimates cover the week leading up to Christmas as well as the first two nights of the Jewish holiday.

The analytics specialist also notes that Huawei and LG were able to earn their respective spots through sheer volume. Both companies offer a plethora of different devices, including low-cost models, that collectively boosted each manufacturer's rankings. Neither Huawei nor LG had a specific model rank particularly highly.

The (continued) rise of the phablet

The ongoing trend toward large devices and phablets is only gaining momentum. You may recall all the pressure that was on Apple circa 2012-2013 to come out with a bigger iPhone, to which Apple's initial response was to launch an entire marketing campaign about one-handed use.

2014's push into phablet territory with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus not only created a massive upgrade cycle for Apple, but also validated and accelerated the shifting consumer preference. You can see in Flurry's estimates how phablets are taking over (Flurry technically only considers the Plus models as phablets.) Note the big jump from 2013 to 2014.

Phablets are here to stay.

Good news and bad news

While Apple's activations are a good sign, they're slightly less than last year, when Apple grabbed 49% of device activations. And last year, Hanukkah was in early December and ended before Flurry's measurement period. Assuming that Apple indeed gets a Hanukkah boost, Apple fared slightly worse when you factor in the timing difference -- 5 whole percentage points lower for the year that included two days of Hanukkah.

Here's the rub: Flurry's estimates only account for percentages, and say nothing of absolute volumes. While it's undoubtedly encouraging that Apple is still the top manufacturer by a healthy margin in terms of holiday device activations, the company's iPhone sales this quarter are very much in question right now. There have been plenty of reports that iPhone demand is waning and that the iPhone 7 cycle may not be as strong as in years past, which makes sense given Apple's seemingly peaking iPhone sales in fiscal 2016. Investors will know in less than a month, when Apple reports fiscal first-quarter earnings at the end of January. Apple, Inc.'s AirPods Are a "Runaway Success" In a visit to the New York Stock Exchange with his nephew on Wednesday, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook unsurprisingly had a difficult time avoiding the media. While he refrained from providing any updates on the company, he did say the company's AirPods have been a "runaway success," according to a CNBC tweet.

After they finally launched on Dec. 13, over three months after they were first unveiled, the company quickly sold out of them. Based on Cook's comments on Wednesday, high demand seems to be at least part of the reason.

Cook says the company is making AirPods as fast as it can, as Apple aims to catch production up with demand. The company's website currently says customers who order in the U.S. today will have to wait six weeks before their AirPods ship.

Does it matter?

The apparent success of Apple's AirPods probably won't have a meaningful impact on the tech giant's financial results, even if Apple were to catch supply up to demand. With over $200 billion in annual revenue, it's unlikely the $159 product can materially affect results -- especially early in its product life cycle. For perspective, AirPods cost only a fraction of the company's average selling price for its iPhones of about $619 -- and Apple is selling over 200 million iPhones per year. 
2016-08-18
BSD Crown says court denies rehearing for co's Apple infringement claim  
2016-07-02
Brexit Is No Biggie for Apple, Inc. Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have gyrated wildly since U.K. voters chose to leave the European Union late last month. Many analysts believe that "Brexit" will cause a recession in the United Kingdom -- and perhaps in the broader EU -- impacting sales of the iPhone and other Apple gadgets. The strengthening dollar will also contribute to lower revenue and profit for Apple's European operations.

Nevertheless, Brexit isn't likely to hurt Apple very much. Any negative impact on demand in the U.K. and the rest of Europe is likely to be offset by positive effects elsewhere.

Results in Britain will suffer

It is virtually inevitable that Brexit will reduce Apple's sales and earnings in the U.K. First, the current state of political turmoil has raised fears of a recession. This will naturally put a damper on consumer spending. Indeed, consumer confidence has already fallen to its lowest level in three years.

To make matters worse, the value of the U.S. dollar has risen significantly relative to the British pound. This exchange rate move means that American companies like Apple will have to either raise their prices in the U.K. or accept lower revenue and profit on each sale there.

Fortunately, the United Kingdom isn't a particularly large market for Apple. The company only derived 2.3% of its revenue from the U.K. last year.

By contrast, the rest of Europe contributes about 15% of Apple's revenue. Brexit could potentially have spillover effects there, due to the uncertainty about future political and economic relations between the U.K. and the rest of Europe. However, Brexit's impact on the European economy is likely to be smaller in scale. Furthermore, the euro's value relative to the dollar has remained fairly stable thus far.

Brexit could help results in Japan

Curiously, while Brexit will hurt Apple's results in the U.K. -- and perhaps, to some extent, in the rest of Europe -- it could actually bolster the company's sales and earnings in Japan. That's because the Brexit-related "flight to safety" has caused the Japanese yen to rise further against the dollar.

The yen has now appreciated by more than 15% against the dollar in the past year. Apple already cut iPhone prices in Japan by about 10% in late April in response to the rising yen. The most recent strengthening of the yen has nearly fully offset this price cut.

In other words, Apple is getting almost as much money (in dollar terms) for each iPhone sale in Japan as it was a few months ago, when prices were 10% higher. Thus, Apple's customers in Japan are benefiting from lower prices -- which should stimulate sales -- while Apple hasn't had to compromise on its profit margin.

Total impact of Brexit should be modest

Japan is a much larger market for Apple than the United Kingdom, representing 7% to 8% of its global revenue in recent years. This means that modest sales gains in Japan could go a long way toward offsetting a slump in the U.K.

It's important to note that Apple does face some structural headwinds in Japan. Most notably, smartphone subsidies are declining rapidly there -- as is also the case in the U.S. That could encourage iPhone users to keep their old phones longer. But Apple's price cuts, along with the growing popularity of trade-in programs, should keep iPhones relatively affordable in Japan.

If Europe as a whole falls into a deep recession, then all bets are off. A stronger yen wouldn't provide enough of a sales bump to offset a big drop in Apple's sales in Europe. But as long as the economic fallout from Brexit is largely contained to the U.K., Apple should be just fine. 
2016-01-22
Google Paid Apple $1 Billion to Keep Search Bar on iPhone Google Inc. is paying Apple Inc. a hefty fee to keep its search bar on the iPhone.

Apple received $1 billion from its rival in 2014, according to a transcript of court proceedings from Oracle Corp. s copyright lawsuit against Google. The search engine giant has an agreement with Apple that gives the iPhone maker a percentage of the revenue Google generates through the Apple device, an attorney for Oracle said at a Jan. 14 hearing in federal court.

Rumors about how much Google pays Apple to be on the iPhone have circulated for years, but the companies have never publicly disclosed it. Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Apple, and Google spokesman Aaron Stein both declined to comment on the information disclosed in court.

The revenue-sharing agreement reveals the lengths Google must go to keep people using its search tool on mobile devices. It also shows how Apple benefits financially from Google s advertising-based business model that Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has criticized as an intrusion of privacy.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Oracle has been fighting Google since 2010 over claims that the search engine company used its Java software without paying for it to develop Android. The showdown has returned to U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco after a pit stop at the U.S. Supreme Court, where Google lost a bid to derail the case. The damages Oracle now seeks may exceed $1 billion since it expanded its claims to cover newer Android versions.

34 Percent

Annette Hurst, the Oracle attorney who disclosed details of the Google-Apple agreement at last week s court hearing, said a Google witness questioned during pretrial information said that  at one point in time the revenue share was 34 percent.  It wasn t clear from the transcript whether that percentage is the amount of revenue kept by Google or paid to Apple.

An attorney for Google objected to the information being disclosed and attempted to have the judge strike the mention of 34 percent from the record.

 That percentage just stated, that should be sealed,  lawyer Robert Van Nest said, according to the transcript.  We are talking hypotheticals here. That s not a publicly known number. 

The magistrate judge presiding over the hearing later refused Google s request to block the sensitive information in the transcript from public review. Google then asked Alsup to seal and redact the transcript, saying the disclosure could severely affect its ability to negotiate similar agreements with other companies. Apple joined Google s request in a separate filing.

 Highly Sensitive 

 The specific financial terms of Google s agreement with Apple are highly sensitive to both Google and Apple,  Google said in its Jan. 20 filing.  Both Apple and Google have always treated this information as extremely confidential. 

The transcript vanished without a trace from electronic court records at about 3 p.m. Pacific standard time with no indication that the court ruled on Google s request to seal it.

The case is Oracle America Inc. v. Google Inc., 10-cv-03561, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). Apple, Inc.'s Foreign Exchange Risk Isn't Going Away Anytime Soon Over the past year, one recurring theme for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and other major multinationals has been the impact of a strengthening dollar. The U.S. dollar continues to rise, putting pressure on international revenue for these companies. Since two-thirds of Apple's revenue is generated abroad, this is absolutely an important risk factor for investors to keep an eye on.

The Mac maker primarily uses foreign exchange derivatives to hedge its exposure, but at times it has been forced to raise prices when currency fluctuations prove to be greater than expected. This is particularly true for the Chinese yuan, since the U.S. dollar continues to rise against the yuan and Apple's "Greater China" segment is now 25% of total revenue on a trailing-12-month basis.

But Apple's hedges are only good for so long, since derivative contracts eventually expire and need to be replaced. Navigating foreign exchange risk is only going to get trickier from here on out.

Guidance is better than it looks

For example, Apple's guidance for the fourth quarter seemed a little soft because the growth forecast incorporated a foreign exchange hit of 7 percentage points. That's a massive hit when we're talking about a revenue base as large as Apple's. At the midpoint, revenue is "only" expected to rise by 2.5%, but on a constant currency basis Tim Cook said it would actually jump 8% to 11%.

When you acknowledge these foreign exchange headwinds, Apple's guidance actually looks that much more impressive, especially on the profitability side. The company expects gross margin to be 39% to 40%, even after taking a currency hit. I agree with CFO Luca Maestri calling the guidance "incredible" in light of these factors.

Party like it's 2016

Apple's currency hedges are typically in place for upwards of 12 months. So part of its derivatives portfolio will be rolling off this year. On the last conference call, Maestri noted, "That protection diminishes as we go through the year, and so we should expect that over time, during the course of fiscal 2016 that protection will come off assuming that the dollar stays at current levels."

In a recent research note, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty pointed out that Apple recognized $3.5 billion in gains from all of its hedges throughout fiscal 2015. This is the total that was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into net income, net of tax expenses. That represented 5% of pre-tax profit.

Volatility = risk

The fundamental purpose of derivatives is to mitigate risk associated with volatility by transferring that risk. Forecasting is already hard enough, but increased volatility just makes it that much harder. So even as Apple continues to expand its hedging strategies, this task is only going to become more difficult, since currency volatility will likely continue to rise.

Global markets are freaking out largely because of China, and the yuan is expected to be volatile throughout 2016. That being said, China's central bank has said that it will try to mitigate and limit volatility in the yuan as best as it can, but the yuan still looks like it will remain weak this year.

Apple has a world-class (no pun intended) corporate finance team to navigate the tumultuous global financial markets, but it's not an easy job. 
2016-03-06
Mac ransomware caught before large number of computers infected The first known ransomware attack on Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) Mac computers, which was discovered over the weekend, was downloaded more than 6,000 times before the threat was contained, according to a developer whose product was tainted with the malicious software.

Hackers infected Macs with the "KeRanger" ransomware through a tainted copy of Transmission, a popular program for transferring data through the BitTorrent peer-to-peer file sharing network.

So-called ransomware is a type of malicious software that restricts access to a computer system in some way and demands the user pay a ransom to the malware operators to remove the restriction.

KeRanger, which locks data on Macs so users cannot access it, was downloaded about 6,500 times before Apple and developers were able to thwart the threat, said John Clay, a representative for the open-source Transmission project.

That is small compared to the number of ransomware attacks on computers running Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) Windows operating system. Cyber security firm Symantec Corp (SYMC.O) observed some 8.8 million attacks in 2014 alone.

Still, cyber security experts said they expect to see more attacks on Macs as the KeRanger hackers and other groups look for new ways to infect Mac computers.

"It's a small number but these things always start small and ramp up huge," said Fidelis Cybersecurity threat systems manager John Bambenek. "There's a lot of Mac users out there and a lot of money to be made."

Symantec, which sells anti-virus software for Macs, warned on its blog that "Mac users should not be complacent." The post offered tips on protecting against ransomware. (symc.ly/1puolix)

The Transmission project provided few details about how the attack was launched.

"The normal disk image (was) replaced by the compromised one" after the project's main server was hacked, said Clay.

He added that "security on the server has since been increased" and that the group was in "frequent contact" with Apple as well as Palo Alto Networks, which discovered the ransomware on Friday and immediately notified Apple and Transmission.

An Apple representative said the company quickly took steps over the weekend to prevent further infections by revoking a digital certificate that enabled the rogue software to install on Macs.

Transmission responded by removing the malicious 2.90 version of its software from its website (www.transmissionbt.com). On Sunday, it released version 2.92, which its website says automatically removes the ransomware from infected Macs.

Forbes earlier reported on the number of KeRanger downloads, citing Clay.

(Reporting by Jim Finkle; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Bill Rigby) 
2016-04-14
Apple Car: Let's Hope Motor Trend Is Wrong  
2016-11-06
Apple: Converting Profitability Into Growth  
2016-11-23
Does Apple, Inc. Care About Other Products Anymore? Two is a coincidence, and three is a pattern.

Shortly after Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) October Mac event, where it had been rumored that Apple would unveil a new display to replace the discontinued Thunderbolt display, the company confirmed to reporters that it was exiting the stand-alone display business. Instead, the company collaborated with LG Electronics to make a pair of 4K and 5K displays that could connect via USB-C to the new MacBook Pros.

Now we're seeing that Apple is giving up on wireless routers, too, according to a new Bloomberg report. Apple has reportedly dissolved its wireless router department, a slow process that has taken place over the past year. The company has reassigned those engineers to other product teams that are focused on products like the Apple TV. Apple currently sells three different wireless routers, but there are unlikely to be any new models in the pipeline; the last one was introduced three years ago in 2013. Apple is focusing on more financially important product categories and segments.

What links them together

If you look at displays and routers, you will notice a similarity, though: the underlying technology progresses very slowly. Display technology hasn't seen a game-changing innovation in years, and the shift to OLED displays has been incredibly slow for a wide range of reasons.

Wi-Fi technology also moves at a snail's pace; the current 802.11ac standard was introduced in 2013. Apple's Airport Extreme and Time Capsule use 802.11ac, while the smaller Airport Express is still stuck on the older 802.11n. The next major progression in Wi-Fi is 802.11ax, which isn't expected until 2019 or later.

This combination of slow technological progress and low financial significance is a perfect recipe for Apple apathy. There's not a whole lot that Apple can contribute to pushing these categories forward, and it's not really worth the effort to try from a financial perspective. Strategically, having more products within the ecosystem benefits the platform, but the effects are marginal when you consider how expansive Apple's walled garden has become.

It's not a pattern

Displays and routers fall into Apple's "Other Products" segment, and the most interesting product within that segment is Apple Watch. Beyond Apple Watch, this has never been a particularly important category in terms of financial performance. It's more of a catch-all bucket for products that don't warrant dedicated disclosure, although I would argue that Apple Watch results should be disclosed since its performance has a lot more relevance to Apple's future as a nascent product category.

Beats and iPods are also included in other products, as is Apple TV. Having just bought Beats, Apple seems intent on expanding its headphone offerings. Apple is about to release its AirPods, which also feature an Apple-designed W1 chip. Apple wouldn't go to the trouble of designing the W1 if it wasn't serious about continuing with wireless headphones, particularly with the removal of the iPhone 7's headphone jack. The company is also making a big push into TV content, with a side of being strangely fascinated with original content.

Apple's approach to peripheral products is simply evolving. While Wi-Fi's slow progress doesn't mean that companies can't innovate (consider eero), the broader point is that Apple would rather focus its research and development efforts on the next big thing. Apple Inc.'s Mysterious OLED iPhone Revealed For a while now, reliable rumors have suggested that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to launch not two, but three new iPhone models next year. Those same rumors suggest Apple will put out two variants with traditional liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, with a third ultra-high-end version sporting a curved organic light-emitting diode (OLED) display.

Thanks to a new report from analyst Ming-Chi Kuo with KGI Securities, by way of MacRumors, we now have more information about this OLED-packing iPhone.

It'll have a large display, but...

Kuo acknowledges that there's an apparent disconnect between his prior report that the next iPhone lineup could feature a model with a 5.8-inch OLED display and his new comments claiming that the OLED iPhone could have a 5.1-inch to 5.2-inch display.

He has a good reconciliation: "We predict OLED iPhone will adopt a 5.7-5.8 [inch] flexible OLED panel," Kuo begins. "Nonetheless, for 'specific design purposes', the actual active area may be around 5.1-5.2 [inches]."

A large (curved) display in a small footprint? Sounds familiar

If the notion of a large display in a relatively small footprint sounds familiar, it's because that was one of the things that was quite nice about Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S7 Edge released earlier this year. That phone packs a 5.5-inch curved OLED display, as measured along the diagonal. However, because the display curves into the sides, the phone's physical footprint isn't much larger than that of the Galaxy S7 with a 5.1-inch flat display.

Apple's transition to a curved OLED display should allow it to achieve something similar.

Calling it now -- this phone is going to sell like crazy

Although the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus appear to be doing well in the marketplace, I believe that next year's curved OLED model has the potential to sell like crazy.

First, a significant change in form factor and display technology will probably result in an incredibly impressive-looking device. Apple has been fielding devices with largely the same look and feel for three generations now, so there could be a sizable portion of the iPhone installed base that'll get quite excited for a significant change in those areas.

Those iPhone owners who have been holding off on upgrading until Apple delivered such dramatic changes could finally hop on board once this OLED iPhone is out. Additionally, I suspect that there are some individuals who prefer the Apple ecosystem and iOS but ultimately opted for phones such as the Galaxy S7 Edge because they liked the curved display. Those customers could come back once the OLED iPhone is available to purchase.

Indeed, it's hard not to see the parallels between what happened with the iPhone 6 and what could potentially happen with the OLED iPhone. Remember that before the iPhone 6 generation, Apple didn't offer customers iPhone models with large screens. This decision probably cost Apple some business during the iPhone 5s generation. However, once the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived, Apple saw significant market share gains and even pull-ins of iPhone upgrades.

Once Apple begins fielding smartphones with curved OLED displays, even if they are relatively pricey, I think the company will be once again poised to take share from high-end Android smartphone makers. And, perhaps, the company could see another pull-in of iPhone demand. Assessing The Impact Of Apple Music Introduction

Apple's (AAPL) Services division is now the second-largest business segment in the company's arsenal. A big driver of this growth has been Apple Music. However, nearly one and a half years later, the question still remains, "What impact is Apple Music going to have?"

Over the past year, the company has seen its iPhone, Mac and "Other Products" segments drop by double digits in revenue. During the same time frame, Apple Music has grown 22% in revenue alongside Apple Services 24% growth. It has been a small saving grace for investors during the most recent earnings release.

How much does it cost to service each subscriber?

Royalties

According to the New York Times, Apple pays $0.002 per stream in royalty fees. Additionally, music publishers earn $0.47 per 1000 streams. This totals $2.47 per 1,000 streams, which can be treated as its cost of goods sold.

In 2013, Spotify's (Private:MUSIC) users listened to approximately 110 minutes of streamed music per day. Assuming the average song length is three minutes, there would be 1,100 songs listened to per month. That would be the equivalent of $2.72 worth of Apple Music payments.

Other Costs

Another contributor suggested Apple has another $1.00-1.50 in expenses per month per subscriber. These other expenses would cover research & development, marketing, etc. What this doesn't take into account is that most of these costs are going to be fixed. As the company grows, each additional subscriber will be more profitable than the last.

How much money does each subscriber bring in?

Currently, Apple offers a similar price structure to Spotify.

$14.99/Family

$9.99/Individual

$4.99/Student

However, there have been rumors that the company is considering lowering its prices by up to 20%. This would result in $2.00 cuts to both its family and individual plans. That allows Apple to not only undercut Spotify by a significant margin, but would also bring Apple Music down to compete with Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). Amazon's Music Unlimited price point is $7.99 per month, but subscribers also have to pay the Amazon Prime price tag.

During September, Apple Music reached 17 million subscribers and is gaining roughly 1 million subscribers per month. That would currently put Apple around the 19-20 million subscriber range. With the assumption that the average subscriber is going to be paying the individual rate of $9.99/month, this would mean Apple Music's monthly revenue is in the range of $189.8-199.8 million, or $2.28-2.4 billion on an annualized basis.

How much is the individual subscriber worth?

Taking royalties and other expenses into account, we can assume the average cost per Apple Music subscriber currently stands at $3.75-4.25 per subscriber per month. Using $4.00 per subscriber as a baseline, this adds up to $76-80 million per month for its current subscriber base.

This means Apple Music's monthly income before taxes is roughly $113.8-119.8 million. Assuming the current 26% tax rate, this brings the monthly net income of Apple Music between $84.21 million and $88.65 million, or $1.01-1.064 billion in annualized profit. Multiplying this by Apple's current price-to-earnings ratio of 13.30 brings the market capitalization of Apple Music between $13.43 billion and $14.15 billion. Being broken down further, the average Apple Music subscriber is then worth $688.72-725.64 each.

How many subscribers can it get?

Apple has shown that its goal for Apple Music is 100 million paying subscribers. When can it achieve that, and how much profit is that?

According to the math above, 100 million subscribers would rake in approximately $5.05-5.32 billion in profit per year, assuming the same economies of scale. This would make Apple Music worth $67.17-70.76 billion with the current price-to-earnings, which is a staggering double-digit share of Apple's current market capitalization. However, how realistic is 100 million subscribers?

Spotify currently has 100 million total users, 40 million of which are paid subscribers. It took the company eight years to reach to this point, and in less than a year and a half, Apple already has close to 50% of Spotify's paid base.

The devil is in the details

An issue with the above valuation is that Apple does not release in-depth details about Apple Music. The company doesn't release exact revenue, tier subscriber breaks downs, or even margins. This makes valuing its service exceedingly difficult. We can't know for sure how much each subscriber listens to, so we don't know exactly how much in royalties we can attribute to each subscriber. We also do not know other costs associated with Apple Music, such as R&D, marketing, sales, etc. By keeping these numbers to themselves, it makes an unforeseeable horizon for investors to try and put a clear valuation on the product.

There also are lot of people who think Apple cannot survive in the music streaming market. Om Malik, at the New Yorker, helps readers paint the picture of Apple being an old, non-conforming, unable-to-adapt hardware company, while Google (GOOG, GOOGL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Spotify are the new slick internet companies that can change to meet all of their consumer's needs.

The main point Malik tries to drive home is Apple's non-use of customer data. Spotify uses customer data to understand a user's likes and dislikes to create specialized playlists. As firmly as Apple believes in protecting its customers' data (i.e., San Bernardino and the FBI), I don't see the company changing this policy anytime soon.

By not using customers' data, Apple risks not being able to provide its customers with enough value to fight Spotify's massive foothold in the rapidly growing streaming market.

Apple's goal of 100 million paying subscribers for the product also provides a base for a lot of skepticism. Spotify, which has been streaming music for eight years, had just recently reached 100 million subscribers in June. This issue is similar to the video streaming market when comparing Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Hulu. There are a lot of subscribers overall, but we do not necessarily know how many are possibly subscribed to both. For this reason, it is hard to know how many overall music streamers there currently are.

Another issue is that Apple Music has had a lot of bugs that are frustrating users. Examples are slower load times, track skipping and even disappearing music. These are just a few of the issues that users have reporting having problems with.

Apple's growth has not been as strong as Spotify's over the past year. While still operating at a loss, Spotify has increased expenses to attract international subscribers, stopping at nothing to beat Apple Music and other competitors. During October 2015, Apple had approximately 6.5 million paying subscribers, while Spotify had 25 million. Since then, the most recent numbers released were both in September, pegging Apple at 17 million and Spotify at 40 million.

While the music streaming industry seems to still be in its infancy, there are two main leaders that are emerging. Apple Music and Spotify will continue to change the music landscape by innovating and transitioning music from the vintage era of vinyl and CDs to the new era of streaming. Apple Inc.'s MacBook Pro Might Not Get a 32GB of RAM Option Until 2019 One controversy surrounding Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest MacBook Pro computers is that users can't configure them to include 32 gigabytes of system memory, also known as RAM. Those shiny new computers are limited to 16 gigabytes of RAM.

Though 16 gigabytes is probably more than enough RAM for most consumers, there are professionals, prosumers, and possibly even spec-geeks who want even more.

Here's the latest explanation Apple marketing guru Phil Schiller gave one developer for this limitation, via AppleInsider:

The MacBook Pro uses 16 GB of very fast LPDDR memory, up to 2133MHz. To support 32 GB of memory would require using DDR memory that is not low power and also require a different design of the logic board, which might reduce space for batteries. Both factors would reduce battery life.

It has been suggested that Apple could avoid this battery life/RAM capacity trade-off in its MacBook Pro computers if it equipped them with a newer memory type known as LPDDR4.

Indeed, Apple would probably jump at the opportunity to up-sell potential MacBook Pro buyers to 32 gigabytes of RAM. Computer makers tend to charge premiums that are well in excess of incremental cost for additional memory, and Apple is no different.

It's a tried-and-true way for personal-computer vendors to bring in more revenue and boost their profit margins.

However, the logic that controls how the processor and memory communicate -- called a memory controller -- is built directly into the processor. This means that for Apple to use LPDDR4, the processors that power the systems need to support it.

Neither Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) current sixth-generation Core processors, used in the MacBook Pro computers, nor its upcoming seventh-generation Core processors support LPDDR4. As a result, the new MacBook Pro computers are forced to use older LPDDR3 technology.

I had believed that Intel's eighth-generation Core processors would support LPDDR4, lifting the memory-size restriction imposed by LPDDR3. Recent leaks around Intel's next-gen processors suggest that this won't be the case, though.

Are you serious?

Technology-news website BenchLife.info reports that Intel's next-generation high-end notebook processors, code-named Coffee Lake, will share graphics and processor architectures with Intel's prior sixth- and seventh-generation Core processors:

This table indicates that Coffee Lake-H and Coffee Lake-U, Intel's eighth-generation Core processors, suitable for MacBook Pro-like systems, will use the same processor and graphics architectures as Intel's prior two processors, Skylake and Kaby Lake.

It's likely, given the other similarities, that Intel will recycle the memory controller used in its sixth- and seventh-generation Core processors in its eighth-generation Core processors -- the very same one that doesn't support LPDDR4.

That means Apple is going to have to wait for the generation after Coffee Lake, which is likely to be a processor family called Ice Lake, for LPDDR4 support. For consumers, that means no MacBook Pro options with 32 gigabytes of RAM until those chips are out.

Intel is -- at best -- on an annual product release cadence. Coffee Lake for high-performance notebooks is expected to arrive between February and April of 2018. As such, investors shouldn't expect Ice Lake to arrive until sometime in the first half of 2019.

It's also worth noting that Apple no longer seems interested in being among the first to adopt new Intel processors. Apple's MacBook Pro computers launched last month use processors that launched in September 2015.

As such, Apple might not adopt Ice Lake until the latter half of 2019. It might be years before Apple finally offers MacBook Pro computers configured with more than 16 gigabytes of RAM. Has Apple Innovation Hit a Wall? Earlier this week Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) teased a one-day Black Friday sale. The teaser shows an Apple Watch, but no prices are listed yet. Presumably those come on Black Friday.

Given that Apple reaped 91% of the profit in global smartphone sales in the third quarter, it may seem a little odd that the world s most valuable company is about to offer sale pricing on some products. Then again, maybe not.

Some analysts have doubts about Apple s ability both to maintain its stratospheric margins and to demonstrate again the innovation skill that gave the world the iPod and the iPhone. Next year marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone and one analyst told MarketWatch that the next iPhone will be  one last growth hurrah  for Apple as consumers back away from the company s premium-priced smartphones in favor of less expensive, but nearly equally capable, cheaper phones.

Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz told MarketWatch,  The risks to the company have never been greater. We believe Apple is about to embark on a decade-long malaise. 

It s hard to argue that the latest iPhones are not significantly better than the 2007 model. Larger, sharper displays, millions of apps, the list goes on and on. However the changes have mostly been incremental   the iPhone s breakthrough features have been there since the beginning.

Still it s possible, even likely, that a market for high-priced devices like the iPhone will remain strong for a long time to come. Canaccord Genuity, to name one firm, sees Apple extending its lead in the premium smartphone market.

But that s only money. Where s Apple s next big thing going to come from? Self-driving cars, augmented or virtual reality, artificial intelligence? There are already dozens of players in each of those areas. Can Apple really stand out in any of them?

The company has surprised us before. No one expected the Macintosh, just as no one saw the iPhone coming. Does Apple have another one of those up its sleeve? 
2016-01-08
Fitbit, Inc. is Officially Afraid of Apple, Inc. Earlier this week, Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) unveiled its latest gadget: The Blaze smartwatch. For the most part, investors were unimpressed, sending shares down by 12% when the new device was announced. Blaze isn't the first smartwatch that Fitbit offers, but it does show that Fitbit is serious about its continued move upmarket into full-featured wearable territory. This strategic shift has already translated into meaningful increases in average selling prices, and the market for smart wearables is expected to eat into the market for stand-alone wearable devices going forward.

But Blaze is also a defensive play against Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch. Fitbit is scared.

How Blaze compares to Apple Watch

Blaze is more similar to Apple Watch in a few ways. Notably, it now has a color touchscreen and more fashionable styling than the Surge. Fitbit is also offering numerous different bands that can easily be swapped out for different occasions, much like Apple Watch. In no uncertain terms, Blaze also wants to appeal to your fashion sense.

Like most of the smartwatch competition, Blaze is priced well below the Apple Watch. Blaze starts at just $200, compared to Apple Watch's $350 starting price tag. Blaze has feature parity in pretty much all other aspects that you'd expect from a fitness-tracking smartwatch, except that it doesn't support third-party apps. The importance of third-party apps in the long-term can't be understated, though. It's true that while the current batch of third-party Apple Watch apps are mostly mediocre in terms of functionality and performance, there is incredible long-term potential as a platform.

It's pretty unlikely that Fitbit can create a viable platform for third-party developers, since it has no prior experience in doing so.

How Blaze compares to Surge

Apple Watch isn't the only thing that Blaze is undercutting on price. Fitbit is also undercutting its own $250 Surge smartwatch, which presents clear cannibalization risks.

There is one notable difference between Blaze and Surge in terms of features: GPS. Blaze uses connected GPS when paired to a phone for location data, while Surge uses its own stand-alone GPS signal without depending on a connected phone. This distinction probably only matters to Fitbit's core market of fitness enthusiasts that place high value on not having to bring a phone on a run or a bike ride. Since Surge is positioned as Fitbit's core "performance" product, this makes some sense.

But as far as the average consumer goes, Blaze might appeal more thanks to a lower price tag and better aesthetics. Fitbit has never disclosed product mix explicitly, so investors don't know how many Surge units it sells, but we do know that ASPs have been on the rise and 79% of revenue last quarter came from Charge, Charge HR, and Surge.

D-E-F-E-N-S-E

Fitbit is working hard to defend its turf and double down on its biggest strength: fitness. Fitbit users may never enjoy the types of third-party innovation that Apple Watch offers, but Fitbit is very much building a fitness-centric platform -- a platform that is quite intentionally mutually exclusive to Apple Health. For Fitbit, the best defense might be Blaze, but Apple isn't giving up anytime soon. 
2016-11-16
The Void Within Apple  Target Call-Out Boosts Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock, Options Volume is the top Dow performer today, up 2.4% at $109.65, after Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) in its earnings call said demand for the tech giant's products is three times greater compared to last year heading into the holidays. On top of this, AAPL has been thrust into the M&A spotlight, with rumors suggesting the iPhone maker is considering buying LG Display Co Ltd. (ADR) (NYSE:LPL). AAPL options are trading at a blistering pace as a result, with calls and puts both trading at twice the expected pace.The most popular AAPL options today are the December 115 call and put, with more than 150,000 contracts of each traded so far. Most of this action is due to two huge trades that crossed almost simultaneously, though it's hard to tell how exactly the traders are positioning themselves here. Further down the list, it seems traders are selling to open the weekly 11/25 110-strike call, betting on Apple to hold below $110 by next Friday's close, when the options expire.Data from the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) shows call buying has historically been the strategy of choice among AAPL traders. The stock's 50-day call/put volume ratio across these exchanges is 1.95, sitting just 9 percentage points from a 12-month high.Digging deeper into the past 10 days' worth of option data, the most popular option, judging by open interest added, has been the December 110 call. Buy-to-open activity has been confirmed here by the major options exchanges, so traders are betting on AAPL topping the $110 over the next month. Luckily for any trader taking a similar route, they'reat the moment.Today's gains aside, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been struggling with the broader tech sector since the election. In fact, AAPL has been trending lower since its October peak above $118. On the bright side, the stock seems to have found a foothold atop its 320-day moving average, and is now entering a favorable time of the year William Blair Remains Bullish on Apple Inc. (AAPL) Following Samsung's ... William Blair analyst Anil Doradla is offering insights on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) after arch-AAPL rival Samsung Electronics announced on Monday morning of its plans to acquire Harman for $112 per share in cash, or circling $8 billion in equity value. Both corporate boards have approved the deal, but are currently awaiting shareholder and regulatory approval on Harman s end, with the transaction anticipated to wrap by the middle of 2017.

On the heels of the news, the analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of AAPL without suggesting a price target. Doradla believes,  Given the interplays and convergence between the consumer electronics world and the automotive world, the announcement does not come as a surprise,  and specifically underscores the implications for Apple.

How did this acquisition come to play? From the analyst s standpoint,  Given Samsung s recent woes in the handset space, we believe the company s acquisition is an attempt to leapfrog any potential moves by Apple in this space. 

However, Doradla ultimately remains unfazed by Samsung s competitive step, contending,  With respect to Apple, we do not believe Samsung s acquisition will have any impact on the company. In our opinion, Apple s strategy will revolve around organic solutions rather than large acquisitions such as Harman. As we have witnessed, over the past several months there has been speculation around Apple s involvement in the smart car market. [ ] While some may speculate that Apple could make a counter offer, we do not expect that to be the case given Apple s relative position of strength and the company s past record. 

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Anil Doradla has a 69% success rate and garners 15.9% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Doradla realizes 10.1% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 34 analysts polled by TipRanks, 28 are bullish on Apple stock, 5 remain sidelined, and one is bearish on the stock. With a return potential of 18%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $130.47. 
2016-10-17
Why This Apple Inc. Supplier Deserves More Credit It's well-known that Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) is the sole supplier of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 Fusion processor that powers the recently released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. The chip is manufactured in TSMC's 16-nanometer technology, and according to Chipworks, it even employs TSMC's InFO chip packaging technology. (In a nutshell, this means more dollar content for TSMC beyond wafer manufacturing services.)

Although much of the focus in the press is around the manufacturer of Apple's A-series processor, it's important to note that there are a lot of chips inside of a smartphone. None are as high value as the applications processor, but the content is significant nonetheless.

TSMC has clearly done a good job of nabbing Apple's A-series business over the last several years, but investors shouldn't ignore the fact that it builds many of the other chips inside of Apple's iPhones, as well. Let's take a look at several examples.

The cellular modem (and related RF)

Apple is probably the last major smartphone vendor to use stand-alone applications processors and cellular modems. In the iPhone 7, teardown reports have revealed that Apple is sourcing cellular modems (and associated chips) from both Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), a longtime supplier of Apple modems, and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC).

The Qualcomm modem, known as MDM9645, is known to be manufactured in TSMC's 20-nanometer manufacturing process. The Intel modem, branded XMM 7360, is built in a foundry 28-nanometer process. BlueFin Research Partners say that this part, too, is manufactured by TSMC.

Beyond the baseband processor, though, TSMC is believed to be a key manufacturer of the RF transceivers used in iPhones, as well. Chipworks says that the RF transceiver that's used in the Intel version of the iPhone 7/7 Plus is built by TSMC, and it's likely that Qualcomm's RF transceivers are built by TSMC, as well.

The fingerprint sensor

Back in 2015, DigiTimes reported that the fingerprint sensors inside of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones were manufactured in TSMC's 0.18-micron manufacturing technology. That same report also claimed that the second-generation fingerprint sensors inside of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are manufactured in TSMC's newer 65-nanometer manufacturing technology.

At Apple's keynote and in its marketing materials for the iPhone 7-series smartphones, the company makes no mention of dramatic changes to the fingerprint sensor. It's likely, then, that Apple is using the same sensor in the iPhone 7-series phones as it did in the iPhone 6s-series phones.

In that case, TSMC profits from the iPhone by manufacturing the Touch ID sensor, as well.

The connectivity combo chip

The Wi-Fi/Bluetooth connectivity combo chip, as well as the GPS chip inside of the iPhone 7-series phones, are almost certainly both provided by Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO). (Chipworks confirmed the latter, and Broadcom's public commentary confirms the former.)

According to a 2014 form 10-K filing, Broadcom counted TSMC as one of its main contract chip manufacturing partners. And back in 2012, Chipworks confirmed that the Broadcom Wi-Fi/Bluetooth combo chip inside of the iPhone 5 was manufactured by TSMC.

I believe that it's very likely that TSMC is one of the manufacturers -- if not the only one -- of the Wi-Fi/Bluetooth connectivity combo chips inside of the iPhone 7-series smartphones.

No wonder TSMC rakes in so much from smartphones

In TSMC's most recent earnings presentation, the company said that a full 60% of its revenue in the quarter came from communication products. This includes, and is likely mostly comprised of, chips that go into smartphones. It's not surprising, given how much content within major smartphones like the iPhone 7 it is responsible for manufacturing, that the company has benefited so much from the smartphone boom.

Going forward, as smartphone unit shipment growth cools off, TSMC is going to have to rely increasingly on content growth within smartphones -- through share gains, selling higher value technologies, and so on -- to try to outperform the overall smartphone market. Apple, Inc.'s Car Ambitions Are Lost It's been about two years since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reportedly greenlit Project Titan, its secretive electric car project. Over that time, investors have seen a steady stream of leaks regarding the status of the project. Just over the past couple of months, there seems to be doubt as to whether or not the company actually wants to build a car. Instead, Apple is said to be changing the strategic direction, perhaps pursuing a very un-Apple strategy of focusing only on autonomous driving software instead of an integrated package.

Bloomberg is out with a fresh report this morning, reiterating this theme and providing additional details.

A fork in the road

The current thinking within the Project Titan team does not include physically building an Apple Car. Instead, Apple is indeed focusing more heavily on making an autonomous driving system. However, the tech titan is keeping the idea of designing its own car on the table for now. The company has set an internal deadline of late next year to make the final call of which direction to take.

In no uncertain terms, Project Titan sounds like a mess. The team's leadership has faltered and turned over, there is disarray around what strategic direction is best, there have been rounds of job cuts and resignations, and there would be significant margin dilution concerns for investors. If Apple does choose to build a car, it would have to face the incredible capital inefficiency associated with automotive manufacturing.

Be more like Alphabet?

If the challenges associated with building a car prove insurmountable and Apple indeed only pursues the software route, its strategy would more closely resemble Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL). Of course, Google has been working on its own self-driving car project for the past seven years, giving it quite a head start. Over that time, Google has now accumulated 2 million miles of self-driving experience for its vehicles, which primarily rely on LIDAR systems to perceive the environment.

Google recognized early on how hard auto manufacturing is, and as such has chosen to partner with existing companies to build limited numbers of prototypes. It should be clear that once Google feels that its autonomous technology is ready, it would choose to license the technology to other companies instead of building the vehicles and selling them to consumers. That would be the platform play, which worked wonders with Android.

Unlike Android, Google could probably extract a hefty licensing fee since cars are so expensive. Alternatively, it could use the Android-esque strategy of offering the software for free in order to grab as much market share as possible. But licensing software to run on other people's hardware is about as un-Apple as it gets, and it goes against Apple's core principle of designing integrated hardware and software.

For now, Apple's car dreams appear utterly lost. Maybe Apple, Inc. Won't Benefit Much from Samsung's Note 7 Disaster In the wake of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 disaster, the prevailing sentiment has been that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands to be one of the key beneficiaries. The iPhone 7 Plus is a pretty compelling alternative phablet to the Note 7, and Android switcher rates continue to rise, according to Apple execs on every conference call. A direct rival's loss should be the Mac maker's gain, right?

Not so fast.

Word on the Street

Nomura analyst Jeffrey Kvaal has put out a research note (via Tech Trader Daily) that suggests Apple may not be as big of a beneficiary as you might think. Contrary to popular thinking, Kvaal does not expect any material upside related to the Galaxy Note 7 recalls and subsequent discontinuation.

The analyst cites strong loyalty among Samsung customers, based on reports that 80% to 90% of customers returning a Note 7 are picking another Samsung device as a replacement. It's usually the Galaxy S7 Edge that people are picking. It does so happen that Samsung is offering $75 promotions for people to stick with the brand, a move that could very well be paying off.

On top of that, it's not like consumers can readily get their hands on an iPhone 7 Plus, which remains heavily supply constrained. While the smaller iPhone 7 has better availability, the 5.5-inch model is rather hard to come by and new orders don't ship for three to four weeks. Customers that are returning the Note 7 need a replacement phone now, and can't wait that long.

Overall, Kvaal is still quite bullish on Apple, maintaining a buy rating alongside a $135 price target.

A second opinion

In contrast, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo does believe that Apple will grab some defectors. Kuo is expecting Apple to win an additional 5 million to 7 million iPhone 7 unit sales from consumers coming off a Note 7. The dual-camera system could be a strong selling feature, and the analyst believes many users will be disenchanted with Samsung after the ordeal.

These estimates are just the latest guesses to come from the Street. Earlier estimates ranged anywhere from 8 million to 15 million incremental iPhone sales that Apple could grab. It's also not as if we'll be able to go back and track how many buyers actually did switch, so I wouldn't worry too much about the specific unit estimates.

Still, just the likelihood that Apple will be able to poach some Note 7 users has reinvigorated the broader iPhone 7 optimism that has pushed Apple shares higher over the past month. The stock is now trading near 52-week highs after stumbling for most of 2016. Investors have already benefited quite a bit from the debacle. 
2016-06-23
Apple, Inc. May be Planning a Huge Redesign to 10-Year Anniversary iPhone Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors shouldn't get too excited about the upcoming iPhone 7 if a new report from The Wall Street Journal is true. The tech giant may depart from its typical two-year cycle for major redesigns as it focuses on a massive overhaul to its 2017 iPhone, which happens to land on the iPhone's 10-year anniversary. But will a delayed redesign to the iPhone's casing actually hurt Apple?

Minor changes to iPhone 7

The upcoming iPhone, which will likely launch in September, will see "only subtle changes," the Journal reports, citing "people familiar with the matter."

The most prominent change to the phone's exterior will be the exclusion of a headphone jack, according to the Journal. This gives credence to earlier rumors that Apple would ditch the headphone jack and instead require either wireless Bluetooth headphones or headphones connected via the phone's Lightning jack. Also in line with previous rumors, the headphone jack's removal will "make the phone thinner and improve its water resistance," the report predicts.

Further, the Journal's source asserts the new phone will come in the same sizes as its current flagship iPhone duo -- the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. These phones 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display sizes were introduced in 2014 with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Other rumored features to come to the iPhone 7 lineup include a dual-lens camera for the iPhone 7 Plus, a possible Smart Connector (the connection on the sides of iPad Pros that connects Apple's Smart Keyboard cover), and an upgraded processor.

Big changes coming in 2017

Looking into 2017, Apple reportedly "plans bigger design changes" for the 10th anniversary iPhone. These changes "could include an edge-to-edge organic light-emitting diode, or OLED, screen and eliminating the home button by building the fingerprint sensor into the display," according to the Journal's source. Such modifications -- particularly an edge-to-edge display and the elimination of the home button -- to the phone's design would truly represent a significant overhaul.

It would make sense for Apple to give iPhone a significant redesign in the near future. It's importance to Apple's business couldn't easily be overstated. Not only does iPhone account for 65% of the company's revenue and an even larger portion of operating profits, but both iPhone revenue and unit sales are declining on a year-over-year basis. In the company's most recent quarter, iPhone revenue was down 18% and unit sales were down 16%, respectively. Similarly, Apple is expecting a double-digit decline in total revenue for the current quarter because of continued expectations for tough year-over-year iPhone comparisons.

Apple's recent iPhone 6 (2014 to 2015) and iPhone 6s (2015 to 2016) upgrade cycles highlight consumers' tendency to favor buying a new iPhone when there is a more significant physical upgrade to the phone. The change from the iPhone 5s' flat sides and its four-inch display to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus' thinner design, curved edges, and 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display sizes spurred a monster upgrade cycle. For instance, iPhone sales in the first fiscal quarter of 2015, or the first full quarter of iPhone 6 availability, were up a whopping 46% -- and year-over-year growth remained above 22% during each of the four quarters of the iPhone 6's flagship year. Conversely, Apple's iPhone sales are in decline during the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus' cycle. With the same look as the iPhone 6, it could be said the changes to the device simply weren't compelling enough for some consumers.

Reasons to be optimistic

It's worth emphasizing, however, that the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus hasn't been a failure by any means -- it's still handily outselling the iPhone 5s from two years before. The huge iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus upgrade cycle simply makes year-over-year comparisons for Apple's newest iPhone very difficult. Still, these two recent iPhone launches do make a good argument for consumers favoring upgrade purchases interest when the iPhone gets a meaningful physical overhaul.

With these two recent iPhone upgrade cycles in mind, it's possible Apple's iPhone business could struggle to report any meaningful growth following the iPhone 7 launch if it really does only feature minor physical changes. But even if these rumors are true, such a significant overhaul to the 2017 iPhone could easily make up for any missed or delayed purchases when the iPhone 7 is launched.

Going further, there are other catalysts for iPhone at work that have nothing to do with the phone's physical design, including Apple's impressive growth in its iPhone installed base over the past two years, the highest rates of Android switchers ever, and Apple's strength at attracting new customers, that could help boost sales during the iPhone 7 cycle. Apple Inc. Catches a Much-Needed Break in India In what has been a challenging past 12 months for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock, the Mac maker's difficulties in expanding deeper into India have made for an important and frustrating story line.

However, after a series of setbacks, it appears that the tide of Apple's India expansion ambitions may be about to turn for the better.

Indian government changes FDI rules

Earlier this week, the Indian government announced plans to loosen key provisions of its long-standing policy regarding foreign direct investment (FDI) by multinational companies.

Specifically, the Indian government plans to loosen the requirement that foreign companies attempting to establish a company-owned presence in the world's second-most-populous nation source at least 30% of their raw materials from inside India. The Indian government will grant a three-year grace period before requiring single-brand retailers to comply with the 30% sourcing requirement. Additionally, companies deemed as selling "state of the art or cutting edge technology" may enjoy an additional five-year window before they must adhere to the stringent sourcing rules.

Practically speaking, this announcement opens the door for Apple to apply to open its first wholly Apple-owned retail stores in the world's fastest-growing major smartphone market. Commenting on the matter in a Bloomberg report, retail consultant Devangshu Dutta said: "The relaxed rules give Apple a window to build up a credible brand and give the company a chance to build up internal capability and familiarity with the supply base. ... For branding, a certain consistency is critical and this can be done by having retail control."

Until this point, Apple has been forced to partner with local retail firms and electronics chains to distribute its products, a dynamic that Apple reportedly feels has hampered the quality of the customer experience it so deeply values.

An undeniable opportunity

With global smartphone shipments slowing, most worryingly in China, India remains the lone nation with enough growth potential to possibly move the needle for a corporate giant like Apple. Here's a quick snapshot comparing the entire Indian smartphone market to Apple during calendar year 2015.

Units Shipped (in millions) Growth (YOY) Apple Inc. 231.5 20.2% Total Indian Smartphone Market 103.6 28.8%

This sizable difference between a single company and the world's second-most-populous nation might come as a surprise to many casual readers. As a quick point of additional contrast, China recorded roughly 438 million smartphone shipments in 2015, according to Strategy Analytics. If anything, the chart above speaks to the immense latent growth potential the market offers handset makers like Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi, and others.

With Apple's revenue expected to contract in its current fiscal year, especially if the iPhone 7 proves only an incremental improvement over the 6s, the company clearly needs to access any and all possible growth opportunities. And with China and much of the rest of the world's smartphone shipments slowing, India is perhaps the last obvious major growth market available for the company.

At the same time, India isn't the most obvious fit for Apple's high-priced handsets. Roughly three-quarters of smartphones in India are sold for less than $150, and per-capita incomes in India are about one-tenth of those in the United States at constant prices.

Apple launched the iPhone SE earlier this year in hopes that its new "low cost" handset might bridge the chasm to Apple's pricey handsets. Though certainly a price improvement over its more expensive devices, the iPhone SE's roughly $580 sticker price, after taxes and tariffs, is likely unattainable for most Indian citizens.

To be sure, an Apple move to open its own Apple retail stores in India should help bolster its presence in a market with truly impressive long-term potential. At the same time, though, breaking into India is unlikely to solve most of Apple's most pressing short-term issues. Apple Inc. Bringing "Disruptive" Technology to Apple Watch Back in 2014, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) bought a small display company called LuxVue. The company is best known for working on a new type of display technology called microLEDs. At the time of the acquisition, it wasn't clear when the iDevice maker would start selling devices with microLED displays.

According to a pre-publication note in DIGITIMES, Apple is actively working to develop microLED-based panels that could be used in a next-generation Apple Watch.

Not this year's Watch, but maybe next year's

According to the note, Apple's micro LED panels aimed at the Apple Watch won't arrive in the new models expected to arrive this fall. Instead, DIGITIMES says Apple Watch models with microLED displays could arrive "at the earliest in the second half of 2017." This information, DIGITIMES claims, comes from "Taiwan-based supply chain makers."

Candice Brown-Elliott, a display expert, told DisplayDaily that microLEDs were "disruptive." They are said to be multiple times brighter than either OLED displays or LCDs, which should help with visibility in very bright, outdoor conditions -- possibly creating an interesting selling point for a future Apple Watch.

If true, this would be typical for Apple

For Apple's iPhone product lineup, the pattern has been for the company to introduce radically upgraded displays with "new number" releases, opting to recycle the same panels during "s" releases (a practice I'm not a fan of, particularly as competitors move more aggressively).

I wouldn't be surprised, then, to see Apple reuse the same panel found on the first-generation Apple Watch in the second-generation model before making a big leap to a microLED panel in the third-generation Apple Watch.

This could prove to be an interesting competitive advantage

It's clear that Apple is investing very significantly in the Apple Watch product line, particularly as we now know that the LuxVue buy was almost certainly done to support Apple Watch development efforts. It doesn't seem likely this technology will come to larger-screen devices, such as the iPhone or the iPad, anytime soon -- if ever.

Only time will tell if the smartwatch market grows to be anywhere close to as large as the smartphone, or even tablet, markets. However, Apple's actions suggest the company really believes in the future of this product category.

At the end of the day, it's going to become increasingly important for Apple to differentiate all of its various product lines with useful technologies that are difficult for competitors to match. If the smartwatch market winds up succeeding long term, there will be plenty of "copycats" looking to take a bite out of Apple's business.

These competitors, more often than not, try to compete on price. It will be of the utmost importance, then, for Apple to build significant, sustainable technological edges over the competition. As long as customers see value in what Apple is offering, it will be easier for the company to maintain relatively robust average selling prices and, ultimately, margins. Why Warren Buffett Snapped Up Apple Stock (AAPL) Stocks mentioned in this article: AAPL IBM KO AXP WFC MCD TWTR BRK.A BRK.B

At an age when most men live off their investments, Warren Buffett lives for them. And he's taking some big gambles of late. Consider his $37.2 billion purchase of Precision Castparts Corp. last August: It marked the biggest deal of his career   and came just in time for his 85th birthday,

Now, he's just scooped up $1 billion worth of stock in Apple (ticker: AAPL). So could it be that Buffett   who hasn't been fond of high-tech in the past   has once again signaled his willingness to take a big chance? Granted, this is chump change for a guy whose net worth surpasses $63 billion. If he spent $100 a second, he'd have to live another 20 years to blow through all that dough.

But there's no denying that at this point, the Oracle of Omaha loves the thrill of the chase   even if it remains to be seen if Buffett landed a sweet stock treat, or merely a fruitless investment.

Either way, AAPL now falls into the market basket of a man who's arguably the savviest stock shopper of all time.

"Who dares to judge an investor who has returned his shareholders 1,826,163 percent in the 50-year period from 1965 to 2014?" says K.C. Ma, director of the Roland George Investments Institute at Stetson University in DeLand, Florida. That's an annual return of better than 21 percent, which is more than twice as much as the Standard & Poor's 500 index in the same period.

"While it might seem that his investment in Apple was uncharacteristic of him, he did so with the same qualifying factors that led to him to invest in IBM (IBM)," says Steve Gormley, founder of Seventh Point, a California-based private equity fund. "Apple has a low price-to-earnings ratio, high dividend yield and a strong share repurchase program."

Investing in Apple could even be justified by the simplest of variables: its appellation.

"Like Coca-Cola (KO), American Express (AXP) or Wells Fargo (WFC), it has a well-known and well-regarded premium brand name," says Bob Johnson, president and CEO of the American College of Financial Services in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. "The Apple name and logo are ubiquitous around the globe. In fact, in many surveys it is lauded as the world's most valuable brand."

But even a stock market swami can miss a few now and then   as Buffett did with McDonald's Corp. (MCD). After he sold off his holdings in 1998, the stock took off faster than a hungry miscreant trying to ditch his bill at the drive-thru.

Buffett got out of MCD in 1998, and if he had followed his own gospel of long-term buy and hold, he'd have realized a return of more than 300 percent. Then again, McDonald's stacked the meat a mile high between 1980 and 1998, shooting up more than 30 times its former price of about $1 per share. (Today, MCD trades just shy of $123, which makes for one heckuva a Happy Meal.)

As for his billion-dollar bite of Apple, "Buffett is late to the game," says Jordan Kimmel, managing member with FACTS Asset Management in New York. "It's now a mature company, too big to make aggressive moves, and is no longer a growth stock."

Meanwhile, there's at least one other billionaire who got out of the game: Carl Icahn. A spring chicken compared to Buffett, the 80-year-old exited Apple stock in April, citing the threat of overreaching by the Chinese government. But at least Icahn made an estimated $2 billion on AAPL. And on getting out, Icahn acknowledged that Apple still represented a good value.

So the billionaire baton passes on to Buffett, who ranks as the supreme embodiment of a value investor. But  

"Bekrshire's purchase of Apple shares is bizarre," says Barry Randall, technology portfolio manager on Covestor, a Boston-based online investing company. "It's strange, for example, that Apple has so many attributes that aren't particularly value-oriented   like its increasing long-term debt load, which has quadrupled from $17 billion in September 2013 to $68 billion as of the end of March 2016."

Over that same time period, though, Apple's market capitalization grew from $453 billion to $590 billion   a nice, fat increase of 30 percent. Now here's where the gain game gets confusing: That cap is nowhere near the $732 billion the company boasted this time last year. That makes for a precipitous drop over the last 12 months of 28 percent, to the current market cap of $526 billion.

That also equals a value hemorrhage of some $206 billion   which is enough buy Twitter (TWTR). Nineteen times over.

Yet Buffett has famously stated, "When hamburgers go down in price, we sing the 'Hallelujah Chorus' in the Buffett household." So it's a safe bet Buffett's buy aligns with Berkshire Hathaway's (BRK.A, BRK.B) philosophy of value investing   even if it means trading in traditional burgers for a high-tech Apple.

"My conclusion is that Buffett's investment team is re-defining the term 'value stock' as it applies to technology companies," Randall says. "But for this approach to succeed, Buffett will have to somehow re-define Apple's $68 billion in long-term debt. And the re-definition of debt usually only occurs in bankruptcy." Analysts Change Price Targets on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Valeant Pharmaceuticals ... Analysts expressed their opinions today on iPhone maker Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and drug maker Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX), following iPhone surveys and earnings results, respectively. The analysts reduced their price targets while explaining how these events and their resulting outcomes will drive each stock forward.

Apple Inc.

Canaccord analyst Michael Walkley reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Apple, while reducing the price target to $120 (from $130), as recent survey data continue to point to slowing iPhone sales.

Walkley wrote,  Based on our survey work, we believe consumers continue to delay purchases of new iPhones ahead of the iPhone 7 launch. However, our surveys indicated steady overall sales due to increased promotions and a stronger mix of the lower ASP iPhone SE. While we anticipate a lower replacement rate through September as consumers delay upgrading their iPhones ahead of the anticipated iPhone 7 launch, we do anticipate recovering sales with the iPhone 7 launch. 

 Longer term, we believe the current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s products have enabled Apple to materially increase its share and installed base of the premium tier smartphone market. We believe these trends resulted in the iPhone installed base growing to over 500M exiting C2015 with overall connected Apple devices exceeding 1B users. This impressive installed base should drive strong future iPhone replacement sales and earnings, as well as cash flow generation to fund strong long-term capital returns programs of $250B through F2018,  the analyst continued.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Michael Walkley has a yearly average return of 13.9% and a 58% success rate. Walkley has a 21.8% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #27 out of 3980 analysts. Out of the 52 analysts polled by TipRanks, 39 rate Apple stock a Buy, 11 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend to Sell. With a return potential of 32%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $126.12.

Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc

J.P. Morgan analyst David Common downgraded shares of Valeant from Overweight to Neutral, while slashing the price target to $35 (from $50), following what he called  disappointing 1Q/16 results  and forward-looking commentary.

Common noted,  The Derm and (especially) the GI franchise are more challenged than we thought, and they may not show much progress in the June quarter [ ] In addition, we may have expected asset sale/debt reduction catalysts too soon. Investors would much prefer a reduction in debt as the company comps lower, we figure. But management suggests asset sales aren t likely to close by the September or even perhaps the December balance sheet. When asset sales do occur, we figure they ll yield $1-2bn, and delever VRX by 0.1-0.3x. 

The analyst continued,  We think investors, at least on the credit side, are appropriately focused on cash flows rather than non-GAAP earnings. Separately, we believe term loan covenants won t be an important challenge because an amendment, if required, should be available if needed in the next six months or so  . But another issue seems to be getting too little attention: the degree to which earnings and margins benefit from a small number of products with 70-90% EBITDA margins. Competition for several of these products should be expected, which suggests Street expectations for 2017-2018 margin expansion may not be achievable. 

Out of the 16 analysts polled by TipRanks, 5 are bullish on Valeant stock, 8 remain sidelined, and 3 are bearish. With a return potential of 45%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $41.23 
2016-09-03
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Gets a Shakedown from the EU. Is Ireland Next to Bail? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Gets a Shakedown from the EU. Is Ireland Next to Bail?

 Total political crap. 

That s how Apple CEO Tim Cook described the European Commission s ruling that the iPhone maker must pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), plus interest, in back taxes to Ireland, its longtime European host. Meanwhile, the island-nation is being accused of giving Apple an  illegal  sweetheart deal in exchange for jobs.

Political crap, indeed. I hate to say it, but I told you so.

June s Brexit referendum, I ve argued, was about so much more than immigration. U.K. citizens and businesses are fed up with mountains of rules and regulations from unelected bureaucrats in Brussels, controlled by French and German socialists, that trample on basic personal freedom. There are ludicrous laws on the books legislating everything from the kind of lightbulbs you can use to the wattage of your vacuum cleaner to the curve and length of your bananas and cucumbers to the color of your olives.

Now, Ireland is learning a similarly hard lesson on Brussels  policies of envy.

It s a plotline that should be reserved for the Theater of the Absurd: Party A is forced by Party B to pay Party C, in a transaction that neither Party A nor Party C had a hand in creating.

Apple insists it has no outstanding taxes.  We never asked for, nor did we receive, special deals,  Tim Cook wrote in an open letter this week. And yet an authoritarian, nontransparent  Commissioner of Competition  is ordering the company to shell out an arbitrarily exorbitant amount to the government of Ireland which doesn t even want Apple s money.

And why would it? As you might imagine, Ireland fears risking a stain on its tax advantaged status that has succeeded in attracting hundreds of billions in foreign direct investment.

Eurocrats Envious of Ireland s Competitive Advantage and America s Ingenuity

Over the last 50 years, the country has carved out a reputation as a prime destination for multinationals seeking a competitive corporate tax rate. At 12.5 percent, Ireland s rate is much more attractive than the U.S. rate, 35 percent, one of the highest in the world. (Other countries with similarly high rates include Argentina, Brazil and Venezuela not exactly model examples of business-friendly regimes.)



click to enlarge

Consider what Ireland has achieved: PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) ranks it  the most effective country in the EU in which to pay business taxes.  For five years in a row, the country has topped IBM s Global Location Trends report for its  continued ability to attract high-value investment projects in key areas.  The most recent IMD World Competitiveness Yearbook names Ireland first in the world for  investment incentives  and  financial skills.  According to the World Economic Forum, it s the fastest growing European economy (followed by Romania, which I wrote about in July). The list goes on.

For these reasons and more, nine out of the top 10 global information and communications technology (ICT) companies have locations in Ireland, not to mention nine out of the top 10 global pharmaceutical companies and nine out of the top 10 global software companies, according to Ireland s Industrial Development Agency.

The country s relationship with American-based companies has been particularly beneficial to its economy and workforce. U.S. companies account for three quarters of Ireland s inward investment, which totaled nearly $116 billion in the years from 2008 to 2014. That s more than U.S. investment in the four BRIC countries combined over the same period. About a fifth of all private sector jobs in Ireland are in some way linked to American multinationals. Apple alone employs 6,000 Irish citizens, most of them in Cork, where Steve Jobs originally opened an Apple factory in 1980.



click to enlarge

Thanks to low corporate taxes that attract big multinationals, youth unemployment in Ireland is today among the lowest in the EU. Restrictive, labyrinthine labor laws elsewhere in the 28-member bloc have immobilized the jobs market, especially for young people, many of whom have little choice but to seek work abroad. In May, the Financial Times reported that the number of EU nationals working in the U.K. had climbed to 2.1 million, accounting for close to 7 percent of its workforce a new high.



click to enlarge

Both Apple and Ireland vow to appeal the European Commission s ruling, a process that will likely take years.

Next Up: Irexit?

The real question now is whether the Apple incident will motivate Ireland to follow the U.K. s lead and pursue its own  Irexit  from the European Union. In June, I asked if we re nearing the end of the EU experiment. If officials continue to oppose competition and restrict member states from conducting business on their own terms, entrepreneurial countries such as Ireland will increasingly feel the pressure to file for divorce

Remember, Britain will soon be free to do what it pleases to attract foreign investment possibly away from Ireland. London already sees an opening with Apple following the tax ruling. On Tuesday, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said the tech giant is welcome to relocate to the U.K. if things don t work out between Ireland and the EU.

This would be a high price for Ireland to pay to retain its EU membership status.

Apple Just the Beginning

American multinationals are likewise in a difficult position, as they face mounting pressure from EU regulators and tax officials. Europe doesn t have its own versions of Apple, Facebook and others, so its only course of action is to legislate them into being noncompetitive.

I previously shared with you the European Commission s proposal to require streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon Prime Video to meet a content quota. Under the plan, at least 20 percent of all programs offered in their libraries would need to be produced in Europe.

Like Apple, Starbucks was ordered in October 2015 to pay up to $33 million in back taxes to the Netherlands, a ruling the Dutch government has already appealed. McDonald s and Amazon s tax arrangements in Luxembourg are also being scrutinized, and Google could be added to the list.

Speaking of Google, its Madrid office was raided in June by Spanish tax inspectors, who are accusing the search giant of tax avoidance.

In yet another case, Google and Facebook could both end up having to pay licensing fees to European newspapers, magazines and other publications every time their content ends up in their search results.

WhatsApp, the most-used messaging app in the world, and its parent company, Facebook, are both currently being investigated by EU privacy regulators.

This is just a sampling of what American companies must put up with in order to do business in Europe.

The question stands: Instead of attacking American innovation and ingenuity, why don t Europeans develop their own competitive alternatives? 
2016-04-04
Apple Inc. and Intel Corporation: April Fools' Joke Gone Wrong There has been a lot of hope on the part of some Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) bulls that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will either use Intel-designed modems or Apple-designed-but-Intel-manufactured applications processors in coming iPhone models.

On April 2, author Manikandan Raman with Benzinga penned a piece "explaining" the reasoning behind Apple's "announcement" that it will be using Intel-designed applications processors in future iPhone and iPad devices, citing a forum post on SemiWiki by Semiconductor Advisors' Robert Maire.

Unfortunately, the author of this article should have realized that this was a not-so-subtle April Fools' day joke.

How can you tell?

First of all, the "joint announcement" claimed in the SemiWiki forum post and regurgitated in the Benzinga article is nowhere to be found on Apple's or Intel's respective websites. That, aside from the fact that this was posted on April 1, should have been a pretty big tip-off.

However, even if one doesn't allow those two facts deter them, the "quotes" included in the "report" are very clearly fabricated and are intended to be humorous.

Indeed, the crux of the joke is that if Apple were to try to run its pre-existing iOS software on an Intel processor, the processor would be unable to understand any of the code, rendering the device 100% unusable. This "un-usability" would mean that the device would be "un-hackable" by entities such as the FBI because the device couldn't do anything.

Why write about this?

Normally, it wouldn't be worth this Fool's time to write about what is very clearly an April Fools' joke. However, the fact that this "story" was picked up by a reputable site such as Benzinga and is being circulated means that there will probably be some investors who believe this "report" -- at least for a time.

The problem with "believing" this report is that if Intel were to actually manufacture all of Apple's A-series chips from here on out, this would probably cause something of a seismic shift in the semiconductor industry.

In this case, Intel would get a ton of quite-profitable leading-edge foundry work while Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) would be "looped out" of Apple's chip manufacturing plans going forward, as it were. Given how important Apple is to the foundry landscape, this would be a big deal.

What's actually going on?

Intel is not expected to manufacture the applications processors that will go into Apple's next-generation iPhones or iPads. It is generally believed that Taiwan-based contract manufacturer TSMC will build the A10 chips for the next generation iPhone 7-series processors. Beyond that, there haven't been any confirmations of Apple's process choices for future Apple processors.

That being said, TSMC executives have stated that it intends to start the 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology generation with "a very high market share" and "[TSMC] intend[s] not to lose it." This is probably a good indication that Apple will build the majority of its next-generation 10-nanometer processors at TSMC, rather than at either Intel or Samsung.

There are also rumors that Intel may end up sharing the cellular modem spot with Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) inside the next-generation iPhone 7-series phones expected to launch in the fall of 2016. Apple Inc - EU competition chief says unclear when Apple tax probe will be decided - Reuters News  
2016-03-03
Apple Inc. Chipmaker to Double Advanced Chip Capacity Taiwan-based chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) got a late start to the 14/16-nanometer race. Being second to Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in terms of mass production start led it to have around 40% share of the 14/16-nanometer foundry market in 2015 (read: Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A9 orders), with Samsung nabbing the remaining 60%.

However, company executives said on its most recent earnings call that during 2016, it expects to have more than 70% of the total 14/16-nanometer foundry market. Apparently, according to a report from Economic Daily News (via a pre-publication note in DIGITIMES), TSMC is putting its money where its mouth is and doubling its 16-nanometer wafer capacity from 40,000 wafer starts per month in February to a full 80,000 wafer starts per month in March.

This is expected to help TSMC achieve growth

This dramatically increased 16-nanometer wafer production is expected to help TSMC boost its revenue beginning in March, according to the report. Indeed, TSMC's current revenue guidance calls for revenue of between 201 billion New Taiwan Dollars and 203 billion New Taiwan dollars -- down from 222.03 billion New Taiwan dollars in the year-ago period.

However, TSMC did guide to full-year revenue growth in the range of 5-10% for the year on its most recent call, so it's little surprise that as the company brings additional 16-nanometer capacity online its revenues should return to growth.

TSMC's major 16-nanometer customers

DIGITIMES says that Apple, FPGA maker Xilinx, Huawei's silicon subsidiary HiSilicon, mobile chipmakers MediaTek and Spreadtrum, and graphics chipmaker NVIDIA" are reportedly among TSMC's major 16nm customers."

Indeed, this passes the common sense test. Apple is already using TSMC 16nm to build some of its A9 chips and all of its A9X chips and it is reportedly set to build all of the iDevice maker's next generation A10 processor.

HiSilicon should also consume a fair number of 16nm wafers as its Kirin 950 applications processor, as well as an upcoming networking chip, are built on this process as well.

Spreadtrum and MediaTek, too, recently announced high-end applications processors built seemingly exclusively on TSMC's 16-nanometer technology.

Finally, NVIDIA's graphics processors have been "stuck" on 28-nanometer technology since 2012, so a transition to 16-nanometer is long overdue and welcome. I suspect that NVIDIA will fairly quickly transition its lineup of graphics processors to 16-nanometer (the power/performance benefits are quite large) and, since it is the market share leader in graphics processors (with well over 75% share), drive a solid amount of volume.

Notably absent from this list is mobile processor leader Qualcomm, which has transitioned away from TSMC at the 14/16-nanometer node to Samsung.

Looking ahead to 10-nanometer

Unlike at the 14/16-nanometer node, in which TSMC had something of a slow start, the company said on its most recent earnings call that at the next technology node, 10-nanometers, it will "begin with a very high market share" and "intend[s] not to lose it."

I suspect that we will see the same customers that will make up the bulk of TSMC's 16-nanometer revenue in 2016 transition to TSMC's 10-nanometer node. Similarly, I expect that Qualcomm will stick with Samsung at the 10-nanometer node.

I look forward to hearing what TSMC management has to say in its April earnings call, particularly around its views of 16-nanometer market share in 2016 and any further updates on potential 10-nanometer share for 2017 and beyond. Apple Inc. iPhone SE -- Here's What You Need to Know Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) faces the prospect of its first-ever year-over-year decline in iPhone sales after nearly a decade of robust growth. The decline is generally believed to be some combination of macroeconomic headwinds and a lukewarm reception to the company's newest iPhones, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

In a bid to shore up demand for the company's most important product category, Apple is planning to launch a refreshed 4-inch iPhone, which 9to5Mac reports will be known as the iPhone SE. Let's take a look at what Apple reportedly has in store with this soon-to-be-launched device.

Significant internal upgrades

The iPhone SE is widely expected to pack Apple's latest A9 processor, the same one that's found inside of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. Additionally, per 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman, the device will come with an updated wireless subsystem with support for fast 802.11ac Wi-Fi (the 5s currently supports just 802.11n), Voice over LTE, and Bluetooth 4.2.

In addition to the faster connectivity, Gurman says that the device will include an NFC chip, a component required to support Apple's contactless payment service, Apple Pay.

Camera upgrades, too

Both Mark Gurman as well as KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo claim that Apple will include an updated camera subsystem compared to the iPhone 5s. However, there seems to be a disagreement between these two individuals -- both of whom are quite well connected and reliable -- so it's worth taking a look at what each has to say.

According to Gurman, the iPhone SE will pack a similar camera subsystem to what the 2014 iPhone 6 came with -- an updated 8-megapixel rear sensor and a 1.2-megapixel front facing camera.

Kuo, on the other hand, does not appear to give information about the front facing camera, but does say that the iPhone SE's rear shooter will pack a 12-megapixel sensor, likely the same one found in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

No 3D Touch

Perhaps the signature feature of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus flagship phones launched back in Sept. 2015 is 3D Touch. The feature, though quite interesting and challenging technically, seems not to have been quite the selling point that Apple had hoped.

Indeed, in a poll run by Phone Arena, only 12.51% of respondents (presumably all iPhone 6s/6s Plus) owners said that they "use it all the time" and 21.74% said that they use it "every now and then." 33.98% said that they use it simply to "show it off to friends and family" while a full 31.77% chose the option, "What's 3D Touch?"

Though a poll on a mobile-focused website isn't going to be perfect (how do we know that all respondents even own an iPhone 6s/6s Plus?), I think that the results seem to suggest that it's not really a "game changing" feature -- at least not yet.

With that in mind, the iPhone SE is expected to come sans 3D Touch. On one hand, it would seem that this is a sensible move given the seemingly lukewarm reception to the feature (and the added cost), but on the other, one would think that Apple would like to push 3D Touch adoption as hard as possible.

At any rate, this is a feature that I'm sure will come with the next update of the 4-inch iPhone -- whenever that ultimately comes. Apple, Inc. Stock: A Buy Ahead of Sustained Dividend Growth? Since initiating a regular dividend in 2012, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is increasingly becoming known as a solid bet for dividend investors. But is the stock a buy?

Cook promises dividend increases

During Apple's annual shareholder meeting in February, some income investors who own Apple stock may have been relieved to hear Apple CEO Tim Cook promise to continue to provide investors with annual increases.

Of course, this wasn't news. Apple had already promised investors this several years ago. In the company's April 2014 press release announcing a dividend increase, the release stated Apple "plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis."

But the CEO's reaffirmation that Apple is still planning annual dividend increases further solidified the stock as a dividend investment.

Apple has increased its dividend every year since initiating it in 2012, averaging about an 11% annual increase. The company increased its quarterly dividend from $0.47 to $0.52, or from $1.88 to $2.08 on an annual basis, last April.

Apple management said during the company's most recent earnings call it will announce an update for its capital return program when it reports second fiscal quarter results. Therefore, investors can expect to hear by how much the company chooses to boost its dividend in April.

If Apple maintains its current rate of dividend increases, the company will announce a dividend of about $0.57 to $0.58, representing approximately an 11% hike to the dividend.

Dividends come easy for Apple

As income investors know, dividend increases alone aren't enough to make a stock enticing as a potential income investment. But, fortunately, Apple possesses several other key characteristics that really drive home the value in the stock as a dividend investment.

1. Apple's business has staying power. The company's pricing power and its loyal customer base are clear evidence of its powerful and enduring brand. While the company may derive its revenue from a concentrated portfolio of products, which is prone to be volatile on a year-to-year basis, the steadiness in Apple's brand power with its entrenched customer base is a testament to the long-term potential for the brand and business.

2. There's plenty of room for dividend growth. Currently paying out just 22% of earnings in dividends, there is huge room for further dividend increases -- even if the company struggles to grow EPS.

Or, here's another way to look at the wiggle room for Apple's dividend: Of Apple's $63 billion in trailing-12-month free cash flow, it paid out just $11.7 billion in dividends during this same period.

3. Share price appreciation is likely, too. Currently trading with a price-to-earnings ratio of 11, Apple stock trades at a significant discount to the average earnings multiple assigned to stocks in the S&P 500. And this multiple is particularly conservative in light of the company's recent growth. During the trailing twelve months, Apple's EPS increased 27%.

In other words, not only is Apple's dividend likely to increase at meaningful rates over the long haul, but the stock also appears undervalued.

While a 2.2% dividend yield is fairly small, it's enticing when viewed in light of the stock's conservative valuation and the dividend's potential for further increases.

Apple stock, therefore, is a great bet for dividend investors looking for an enduring and growing stream of cash payments. Breaking Down Apple's iPhone Fight With the US Government What does the government want?

The F.B.I. has been trying to force Apple to help investigators gain access to an iPhone used by Syed Rizwan Farook in the December mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif.

Bureau officials say that encrypted data in Mr. Farook s phone and its GPS system may hold vital clues about where he and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, traveled in the 18 minutes after the shootings, and about whom they might have contacted beforehand.



It sounds like a simple problem but the solution would be complex. The password mechanism built into the phone will erase the phone s data after 10 incorrect password attempts. That security is standard on newer iPhones, and to get around it, Apple says it would have to create new software. Intel Corp. Reportedly Wins Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Modem Spot According to Twitter user Notable Calls (via Bidness ETC), CLSA Securities claims that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will supply a "significant portion" (said to be 30%-40%) of the cellular modems into Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next-generation iPhone, known as the iPhone 7. The information apparently comes from "Asian supply chain checks."

Additionally, CLSA apparently claims that the iPhone 7 represents a roughly $1 billion opportunity for Intel's struggling mobile group.

Should investors believe this report? Let's take a closer look.

If true, this would be a win for the XMM 7360

Intel's recently announced XMM 7480 modem will be too late to market for this particular win (sampling in the second half of 2016) and the company's fairly old XMM 7260 is roughly on par with the current-generation iPhone 6s/6s Plus modems, so if this report is true, this has to be a win for the Intel XMM 7360 modem.

According to Intel, the XMM 7360 supports LTE category 10, which suggests downlink speeds of 450 megabits per second and uplink speeds of 100 megabits per second. This would represent a substantial improvement over the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) MDM9635 modem inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, which supports 300 megabits per second download and just 50 megabits per second upload.

But is this likely?

There are a number of reservations I have about this potential win. The first is that if this is actually happening, Apple will have to build multiple versions of its phones for different regions. One for regions in which the CDMA standard is currently in use (i.e., North America) using a Qualcomm chip and then one for regions in which CDMA isn't used, which could use either the Intel chip or the Qualcomm chip.

Apple could certainly manage, but this would likely be something of a pain.

Another issue is that the "comparable" Qualcomm modem that Apple is likely to use is the MDM9645, which actually supports 600 megabits per second download speeds and 150 megabits per second upload speeds. Will Apple artificially "hold back" the iPhone 7's wireless performance to cater to the lowest common denominator, which in this case would be the Intel modem?

Finally, we all remember the recent "chip gate" controversy that Apple faced when it sourced applications processors from two different chip manufacturers.

Given that Intel's XMM 7360 is built on an older 28-nanometer chip manufacturing technology and the Qualcomm MDM9645 is built on a newer, more efficient 20-nanometer technology, the risk of having markedly different battery lives between the Intel-powered and Qualcomm-powered models would be quite real.

This would be a major win for Intel if true, but we'll have to see

At the end of the day, if Intel wants its stand-alone modem business to remain viable, it needs to supply Apple since it is the only major smartphone manufacturer that used stand-alone modems in all of its phones.

If Intel is able to win a big chunk of the iPhone 7 business, not only would this serve as a major morale boost for the team at Intel, but it would bring in much-needed revenue for its mobile business. This would also be a win for Apple, which generally likes to have multiple sources for things so as to reduce risk and potentially get better pricing from suppliers.

We'll have to see how it all unfolds, though. On the eve of the iPhone 6s launch, analysts from Northland Capital claimed that Intel won a full 50% of iPhone 6s/6s Plus modem business, but in reality, it won precisely zero. 
2016-06-07
Apple Will Never Buy Netflix Or Tesla If you're wondering about the picture, you'll get it in the end. It's got a "for sale" sign on it.

I don't remember the last few consecutive days that went by without an acquisition rumor involving Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and [insert any high-flying momentum stock], but the vast majority of these rumors don't make sense from a financial, strategic or even logical perspective. Here are some examples, which I do NOT recommend reading: TSLA, TSLA, TSLA, TSLA, TSLA, TSLA, TSLA, NFLX, NFLX, GPRO, GPRO, FIT, FIT, etc. You get the point.

So why do these articles pop up by the minute? Because they generate views for the writers and the sites that publish the articles. Why? Because most retail investors have never worked on an M&A transaction and think M&A is "sexy" (yeah.. that's how M&A advisors refer to anything appealing, instead of saying, "appealing"). Having worked on a few M&A deals, please allow me to explain.

The following argument would need to be slightly adjusted for any given company and situation; but in Apple's case, it really comes down to:

Buy or Build

The company has more money than it can wisely spend, and it can build anything that any other company can, because they have the capital and the ability to hire skilled people. Period.

Let's take Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) as an example: It's been rumored since the dawn of time that Apple is just about ready to buy Netflix. Any day now. Let's open the curtains and see how likely this is (you clicked it, didn't you? We both know you'll click anything blue).

As of June 6, 2016, the market cap of Netflix was nearly $43 billion, and this figure does not include the outstanding in-the-money stock options that management periodically exercises, which then increases the number of shares outstanding and dilutes existing shareholders. But that's a topic for another article.

Assuming a conservative 25% to 30% control premium to the current market cap, Apple would likely have to dish out at least $55 billion to buy Netflix. Sprinkle on top the $12 billion in off-balance sheet obligations, and a $67 billion purchase price is no chump change, even for Apple.

What would Apple get in return? Nothing that it doesn't already have (brand value? check. people? check. technology? check. access to content owners? double check), other than the rights to a few original shows, more than three of which I bet you cannot name, and which comprise only 10% of Netflix total annual content spend. 90% of the content Netflix buys is not exclusive or up for grabs to the highest bidder when the contract ends.

Apple can create the same set up for much less money. Netflix spends about $6 billion per year on content. So instead of paying the purchase price calculated above, Apple can buy nearly the same content, for more than a decade. The majority of Netflix's contracts last less than three years.

Power

Contradictory to logic, very rarely does an M&A transaction come down to price versus value. More often than not, M&A is driven by ego. The egos of c-level executives, their financial advisors, legal advisors, tax advisors and the list goes on. Think about maybe a hundred people with different agendas pulling in different directions, and somewhere along the way, price versus value perspective fizzles away. The whole thing really boils down to: what does the boss want? And everyone else usually falls in line after much useless deliberation and countless late nights. Sexy. Right?

...

Now, put yourself in the shoes of Reed Hastings or Elon Musk (NASDAQ:TSLA). You have all the money that you will ever need plus tens of billions of dollars of walk around money. You are not driven by money, but by your goals and principles. For more than a decade, you have tirelessly built your baby from ground up. And you read stuff like this. Would you really let a potential buyer convince you that they have a better shot at accomplishing your goals than you? And sometimes more importantly, could you stand no longer being the most important person when you walk into a room?

If you think the reasons for an M&A deal are the ones listed on the press release, you are being naive. Those press releases are drafted and edited tens of times before they ever see the light of day. The real reasons are what I discussed above. No surprise then that mega mergers more often than not destroy value.

Bottom Line: Apple didn't get to where it is by paying $2 for something they can get for $1. If you think they should pay up for these companies, I would recommend reviewing your latest credit card statement line by line. Oh, and I have a bridge to sell you.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple files for potential notes offering  
2016-11-11
What Apple Inc. Could Look Like Under President Trump The dust is still settling from the surprising election of Donald Trump to the U.S. presidency. Markets tanked on the uncertainty of having Trump in the Oval Office, though they have since begun to bounce back. However, investors are still wondering what Trump's policies could mean for their investments, and that's particularly true for companies Trump singled out specifically during his campaign.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) took several jabs from Trump over the past year, and there are a few policies that could directly affect the company. It's worth noting that Trump reportedly holds millions of Apple shares, so any of the following proposals would directly impact his portfolio as well. Let's take a look at two key proposals and why Apple is likely to remain steady under President-elect Trump.

Persuading Apple to make more products in the U.S.

Trump said at the same campaign rally where he called for an Apple boycott (over Apple's refusal to unlock an iPhone for the FBI) that he wants the company to bring its manufacturing out of China and into the U.S.

Trump said, "I want to see the day when Apple makes its products on our land. We're going to bring our jobs back to this country."

That's not all that unique of a proposal, though Trump has taken it a bit further by saying he would force jobs to come back to the U.S. by proposing high tariffs on imported consumer goods (which Wired points out would be virtually impossible to pull off).

Apple jobs were actually brought up in the 2012 campaign election as well. And when President Obama met with Silicon Valley leaders in 2011, he asked the late Steve Jobs what it would take to bring iPhone manufacturing jobs back the U.S. Jobs simply replied, "Those jobs aren't coming back.".

So, while U.S. presidents love to pitch the idea of Apple bringing most of its manufacturing back to the states, it's not likely to happen. A New York Times article written four years ago describes a possible reason why:

It isn't just that workers are cheaper abroad. Rather, Apple's executives believe the vast scale of overseas factories as well as the flexibility, diligence and industrial skills of foreign workers have so outpaced their American counterparts that "Made in the U.S.A." is no longer a viable option for most Apple products.

Don't expect President-elect Trump to be able change Apple's mind on this one.

Encouraging Apple to repatriate billions in cash

Trump proposed on the campaign trail a plan to offer American companies a tax repatriation fee of just 10%. Right now, many American companies leave their foreign profits in other countries instead of bringing the cash back here because the tax rate for doing so is 35%.

President-elect Trump has said about overseas profits, "We'll bring it back, and it'll be taxed only at the rate of 10% instead of 35%. And who would bring it back at 35%? Obviously nobody, because nobody's doing it..."

Apple, unsurprisingly, wants this as well. The company has lobbied for tax reforms in the past, namely because it has about $200 billion in cash overseas.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the company hasn't brought foreign profits back into the U.S. because the tax rate is simply too high. Earlier this year, Cook said:

When we bring it back, we will pay 35 percent federal tax and then a weighted average across the states that we're in, which is about 5 percent, so think of it as 40 percent. We've said at 40 percent, we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate. There's no debate about it.

Considering that Trump is proposing a 10% rate, it seem that this would match up with Cook's "fair rate."

It's still unclear whether or not Trump would be able to do this. But with Republicans gaining control of the House, Senate, and the White House this time around, it seems very possible for them to implement it if they really want to.

That would clearly be a good thing for Apple and its investors. An HSBC economist, Kevin Logan, recently said that a low repatriation rate "could bring a flood of money back into the U.S. that would be available for dividends, share buybacks and possibly for capital investments."

Apple stands on its own



While a Trump presidency could certainly have some affect on Apple, investors should remember that the future of the company is ultimately determined by how well Apple itself performs.

Apple's iPhone revenue fell 13% year over year in the company's fiscal 2016 fourth quarter. iPhones accounted for 60% of Apple's total revenue for the quarter, and its results mark three consecutive quarters of falling profit and revenue for the company. Clearly, Apple has more important things to focus on than what Trump has said.

In an internal memo (obtained by BuzzFeed), Cook wrote to his employees following the election, saying,

While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple's North Star hasn't changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large.

In the wake of Trump's election, Apple's direction remains the same. The company lives and dies based on how well it makes and sells its products and services. And in that regard, nothing has changed. 
2016-11-01
Don't Dismiss Apple Inc.'s China Troubles During Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal 2016, the company's revenue in the Greater China region plummeted 17%, hitting approximately $48.5 billion, down from around $58.72 billion in the year prior.

On the company's most recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook offered the following explanation for that precipitous decline:

Also, as you probably know, the fiscal year 2016 performance was hurt by the devaluation of the currency, which affected it about 3%, so the underlying business performance was 14% down. And so why was it down? There's lots of reasons, but the largest one, in our view, is that when you look at what happened in 2015 in China, we had a surge of upgraders that came into the market for the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, and the upgrade rate increased relatively more in Greater China than elsewhere around the world. And so, when that upgrade rate in fiscal year 2016 returned to a more normal upgrade rate, which would be akin to what we saw with the iPhone 5s as a point, it had further to fall. And so that's the main reason in our view that you see a difference.

Let's give Apple back the 3% currency-related impact. That, of course, still leaves a business that dropped 14% year over year. The hypothesis that the unusually strong iPhone 6 cycle led to a pull-in of demand that otherwise would have been satisfied during the iPhone 6s-cycle also seems reasonable, right?

No, it's not. I'll even take it a step further and call it a deflection from the underlying problem.

It's called market share loss

Per a fresh report from Strategy Analytics, shipments of smartphones in China "grew a healthy 15% annually from 105.0 million units in Q3 2015 to 120.9 million in Q3 2016."

Strategy Analytics also pointed out that Apple managed to grab only 6% of the market during the third quarter of 2016, plunging from the 10% share it captured in the year prior.

Just so we're clear, the overall market for smartphones grew, but Apple's unit shipments managed to fall. That alone suggests market share loss, but the magnitude of the market share loss that we're talking about is enormous -- a full 40% drop.

When a company sells fewer units in a growing market and sees its market share cut nearly in half year over year, there is much more going on than an upgrade cycle that's being pulled in; this is a fundamental deterioration in the demand for Apple's products relative to the demand for products from its China-based competition.

Apple's not placing blame correctly

The worst thing Apple's executives can do is convince themselves that plunging share in a key growth market is due to a pull-in of a product cycle. This kind of thinking will allow Apple's management team to believe that its China problems aren't due to its own execution but rather to forces outside its control. That's a dangerous way to think, because it means the company won't take the appropriate steps to try to fix the issue.

So what's the underlying problem?

Apple was outmaneuvered and outclassed

Apple releases one new pair of flagship smartphones each year. If those phones prove to be sufficiently better than what the competition has in the market, then Apple can get by selling those models for a full year. If those models don't deliver a compelling set of features, both in absolute terms and relative to what the competition is selling, then Apple and its shareholders are stuck paying the price for the entire year.

That's what I believe happened with the iPhone 6s-series smartphones, which were outgunned in several key ways by devices offered by Chinese smartphone vendors well before Apple had the opportunity to launch the arguably much better positioned iPhone 7-series phones.

The good news for Apple is that the iPhone 7-series devices are exceptionally good products that appear to be much more differentiated relative to the competition than the iPhone 6s-series phones were relative to their contemporaries a year ago. The bad news is that even though the iPhone 7-series phones are phenomenal, the major China-based smartphone makers don't release new devices once per year -- they release new flagships approximately every six months, giving them the opportunity to catch up with or even surpass Apple in areas that consumers care about.

Apple, on the other hand, must wait until the iPhone 8-series phones launch next fall before it can "respond" to what those fast-moving China-based smartphone vendors put out. I believe the iPhone 7-series phones will hold up quite a bit better than the iPhone 6s-series phones did, but it's not clear if they'll be enough to allow Apple's iPhone business to perform in line with the China smartphone market, let alone outperform it. What Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook Means By Charging a "Fair Price" for Its Products On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) most recent earnings call, one analyst observed that even in the face of a $20 generation-over-generation increase in price for the iPhone 7 Plus relative to the prior-generation iPhone 6S Plus, the former is "completely sold out."

This led the analyst to ask Apple CEO Tim Cook the following question:

As you see more and more features being added into iPhones, do you conceptually expect that you are anywhere close to the point where raising ASPs [average selling prices] further would be net disruptive to demand? Or do you see more room to raise ASPs over time as you add incremental features?

Cook answered:

With the iPhone 7 Plus, we put an incredible amount of innovation into the camera and the overall photo experience, and customers are obviously using that and have discovered that they love it. And so, we're getting an incredible amount of feedback there. We also get incredible feedback on the iPhone 7. And, but the mix that we projected on iPhone 7 Plus is short of what the reality is and so we are chasing supply there. In terms of the ASP, the way we think about it is we want to charge a fair price and so we don't want to charge more than that, and we think it's worth being fair.

Based on the commentary from Cook around Apple wanting to "charge a fair price" for its products, including its iPhone products, it might seem as though he's saying that the company is going to try to keep its iPhone average selling prices relatively flat going forward.

If you read between the lines a little bit, though, that's likely not the message he intended to convey.

What is Cook saying?

To understand what Cook is trying to convey here, it's important to understand what a "fair price" means in this context.

"Fair" doesn't mean, "We'll cram in way more features than we did last year, balloon our cost structure, and then sell you the device for the same price that we sold last year's model." That wouldn't be "fair" because Apple winds up selling something that's much more expensive to manufacture while not getting paid for that innovation.

On the flip side, if Apple were to build a successor to the iPhone 7 Plus next year -- let's call it the iPhone 8 Plus -- and it didn't add any significant new features (aside from the generally expected improvements in processor and wireless connectivity speeds) and cost about the same to build, it wouldn't be "fair" for Apple to jack up prices generation-over-generation, either, since the value just wouldn't be there.

The way to think about a "fair price" is this: If Apple delivers a significant step up in relative value compared to what it delivered with prior-generation products (such steps up are often accompanied by commensurate increases in manufacturing/component costs), then it's OK for the company to charge more.

If it doesn't deliver such features in a next-generation product, then a "fair" price would likely be what the company charged last time.

What does this mean for future Apple products?

Going forward, I suspect that Apple will more aggressively segment its product line, particularly with its iPhone product line (especially considering a recent Nikkei report claiming that Apple is planning three iPhone models next year, including a "premium" variant).

Indeed, I expect Apple to continue to deliver solid improvements at the typical iPhone price points, but it also stands to reason that the company will experiment with bringing more feature-packed devices to even higher-end price points.

Additionally, earlier this year Apple introduced the relatively low-cost 4-inch iPhone SE aimed at more budget buyers. I don't expect Apple to be as aggressive in building products for lower price points, especially as being too aggressive there could lead Apple to participate in a painful race to the bottom, but putting out products like the iPhone SE from time to time is probably a smart move.

At the end of the day, Apple's job is to make sure to deliver great products that encourage smartphone buyers to choose its devices and, if possible, choose the higher-priced models in its portfolio. Apple's seemingly done a good job here with the iPhone 7 Plus, and it'll be interesting to see if the company can build upon this strategy in the product cycles ahead. 
2016-08-10
Apple Inc. Reportedly Taps Taiwan Semiconductor for S2 Chip Manufacturing It's well known that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) relied on its arch rival, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), to manufacture the processor inside its first-generation Apple Watch wearable device. That chip was built on a relatively dated 28-nanometer manufacturing technology, which, for an extremely power-limited wearable design, led to significant limitations in terms of performance.

According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, via Digitimes, , the next-generation Apple Watch -- known as the Apple Watch 2 -- as well as a refreshed variant of the current-generation Apple Watch will use a new applications processor manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor's (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer process technology.

A win for TSMC

TSMC has been talking about a variant of its 16-nanometer manufacturing technology known as 16FFC, targeted at low cost and low-power applications. This, rather than the higher-performance 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology used to manufacture some of Apple's A9 processors, is what I'd bet Apple will use for the S2 processor.

Although the market for smartwatches isn't as large as some market research firms had predicted it to be by now, one estimate says the iDevice maker shipped 12 million Apple Watches in 2015. This is a multimillion-unit market, and if TSMC can consistently nab the applications processor orders for the Apple Watch, it'll represent a nice, though hardly game-changing, piece of incremental revenue.

And, perhaps more importantly in the fiercely competitive semiconductor manufacturing market, it'll mean less money flowing into the Samsung foundry's coffers.

A win for Apple

The first-generation Apple Watch applications processor was quite slow, sporting a single, relatively slow CPU core and a fairly dated graphics core from the company's longtime graphics processor supplier, Imagination (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF).

By transitioning to a variant of TSMC's 16-nanometer technology, Apple should have the transistor and power budgets to build a much more powerful applications processor while keeping power consumption in check. I expect a move to a faster processor core -- though I would be surprised to see Apple adopt multiple cores at this stage of the game -- as well as to a beefier, more modern graphics processor.

In a nutshell, the basic tasks for the next-generation Apple Watch -- as well as the refreshed variant of the current one with the new processor -- should become much faster, and developers will have much more freedom to deliver exciting new applications.

It's the last part that's so important

Apple isn't the first company to bring to market a smartwatch, but even as a late entrant, it has managed to grow its share of the market, which it has dramatically expanded, to north of 50%, according to Strategy Analytics.

Right now Apple has the distinct advantage of having an overwhelmingly dominant market share. High market share means developers will be more interested in targeting Apple's platform rather than competing platforms. More developer attention means more and better software for Apple's platform relative to competing platforms, which helps Apple to keep current Apple Watch users loyal to the platform and to entice first-time smartwatch buyers to hop on to the Apple bandwagon.

Also note that the Apple Watch currently requires an iPhone to function, so the more that iPhone customers adopt and are satisfied with the Apple Watch, the potentially stronger Apple's iPhone share position will be.

Apple's job now is to keep pushing the watchOS platform by both making software development easy and giving developers first-rate hardware to target their apps to. The applications processor inside the S2 system-in-package should certainly help with the latter. A Close Look at Apple Inc.'s Dividend Potential With those near retirement unlikely to find a certificate of deposit yielding anything close to 2%, dividend stocks have taken center stage. And why shouldn't they? These companies are usually proven winners that spew tons of cash.

Usually, investors like yields over 2% that don't eat up too much of a company's free cash flow. In that respect, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fits the bill.

But I don't think chasing yield is the most instructive approach. While the health of a dividend is important, as a long-term investor, I'm much more interested in what kind of yield I'll be getting five and 10 years from now based on a purchase today.

That's where the real compounding magic of dividend investing happens.

A deeper explanation

We'll get back to Apple in a second. First, I want to focus on one of tech's longest-tenured dividend payers: IBM (NYSE:IBM).

If you bought IBM 10 years ago, you would have been entitled to its $1.20 annual dividend. At $75.50 per share, it was a 1.6% dividend yield -- not bad but not terribly impressive, either.

But here's the twist: If you continued to hold those shares -- in other words, if you did nothing -- you would now be getting $5.60 deposited in your account for every one of those very same shares. That amounts to a whopping 7.4% dividend yield on your original purchase.

Dividend investors would die for a yield like that.

If you are more than a decade away from retirement, finding stocks like this is the key to producing steady streams of relatively safe cash flow. Investments like IBM share a few key attributes that we'll look for in Apple:

A history of dividend growth

Relatively low (below 70%) amounts of free cash flow being used to pay the dividend

A solid moat surrounding the business

How does Apple's dividend stack up?

On March 19, 2012, CEO Tim Cook announced that Apple would once again start paying a dividend. Adjusting for splits, it amounted to $1.52 per share, or a yield of roughly 1.8%. In the four years since then, that dividend has grown at an annual rate of about 11%; shareholders now get an annual payment of $2.28 per share.

If we look at the health of Apple's dividend, it becomes clear that the company has more than enough free cash flow to continue raising its dividend for the foreseeable future.

In no year has the company used more than one-quarter of its free cash flow to pay its dividend. Let's put in perspective how low -- and healthy -- that is. In 2014, Intel, another tech player with a long history of paying dividends, used 43% of its free cash flow to pay its dividend -- still low but almost twice as much as Apple's.

The takeaway is clear: If things continue on the same trajectory, it wouldn't be far-fetched to assume that Apple can continue to grow its dividend by 11% per year safely. That would give it an annual payment of $6.47 per share in 10 years -- a whopping 5.9% dividend yield from today's prices.

But about that moat...

The key question, however, is whether Apple will be able to continue generating such copious free cash flow a decade from now. The company has two competitive advantages that are somewhat sustainable: It has the most valuable brand in the world, and it has developed an ecosystem that has mildly high switching costs.

What I mean by the latter is that if you have your songs, pictures, and calendar on the iCloud -- and all of your devices are connected, you might be loathe to start using a different smartphone. At the same time, however, Alphabet's Android operating system can do the exact same thing, and you're likely already using many of Google's devices.

In reality, the key engine that keeps pushing Apple forward is the fact that it has consistently come out with the "Next Big Thing" in technology. In started in 2001 with the iPod, exploded with the iPhone in 2007, and got a nice bump with the iPad in 2010. The Apple Watch hasn't been much of a needle-mover, especially since you need to own an iPhone to enjoy full functionality.

Other dividend-paying stalwarts -- especially in consumer goods products like cigarettes, toilet paper, and jelly -- rely solely on their brand for a moat. That might sound weak, but these products have barely changed in the past 50 years. That's simply not the case in technology, which should give long-term dividend investors some pause.

A final verdict on Apple's dividend potential

Without a doubt, Apple's dividend is one of the strongest in all of technology. The problem is that it's in the industry of technology, where things can change in the blink of an eye. If you're looking for a dividend that could offer a bigger yield with lower risk 10 years from now, I think there are better options out there. Apple's $300 Billion Opportunity In the context of the parade of multi-billion-dollar buyouts in recent years, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) s $200 million acquisition of machine learning and artificial intelligence company Turi may seem like small potatoes. However, Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry believes the deal could ultimately create a $300 billion opportunity for Apple.

Chowdhry said the acquisition is  solid and smart and makes Apple Machine Learning the most comprehensive offering with ML Models, Algorithms-Optimization, and Developer Ecosystem. 

Related Link: S&P 500 Will Hit 2,350 Within 15 Months

Chowdhry estimates the intelligent software applications market will be a $300 billion market, and believes Turi puts Apple in prime position to cash in.

He notes that Turi has a wide lead on the competition when it comes to its ML developer ecosystem, which includes more than 40,000 data scientists and developers.

Chowdhry also points out that Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) CEO Elon Musk and NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA) CEO Jen-Hsun Huang have both consulted Turi co-founder Carlos Guestrin on autonomous driving and machine learning,

In addition, Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) are just three of Turi s many high-profile customers.

With iPhone sales declining in back-to-back quarters for the first time ever this year, Apple shareholders certainly welcome potentially massive AI and ML growth opportunities in years to come.

The $590 billion market company recently traded at $108.32. Shares are up 11 percent since its Q3 report on July 26.

Posted-In: Global Equities Research Trip Chowdhry TuriAnalyst Color M&A Opinion Top Stories Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple: 900 Million Android Devices Underscore iOS Security Advantages  
2016-10-11
When Will Apple, Inc. Complete Its Retina Transition? It's now been six years since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) embarked upon its journey toward high-resolution Retina displays. It all started with the iPhone 4 in 2010, which was the first Apple product that featured a display so sharp that you couldn't discern individual pixels from normal viewing distances. As soon as Apple signaled its intent to pursue Retina displays, it was only a matter of time before the company would inevitably bring that feature to the rest of its lineup.

It's still an ongoing transition, but Apple may complete it soon enough.

A trip down memory lane

Shortly after the iPhone 4, Apple expectedly brought Retina displays to the iPad family, starting with the third-generation iPad in 2012. That was the same year that Apple launched the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display. The first Retina iMac came in 2014 with a 27-inch 5K display. Apple Watch is considered Retina as well.

The Mac transition was a little trickier to navigate in terms of adoption, though. The larger displays translated into higher costs, which led to higher prices and it took more work to sell consumers on the premium associated with high-resolution displays. In contrast, there was no Retina-related price premium for iPhones or iPads. Apple just started shipping them at the same price point, which made adoption a no-brainer from a consumer perspective.

In the years since, Apple has made progress with getting consumers to adopt Retina displays, in part because the costs (and the related premium) have come down. It should be obvious that Apple's overall goal will be to eliminate lower-resolution displays eventually and only sell Retina models. In that sense, the transition will be complete once Apple discontinues any remaining non-Retina products. That leaves just 4 products to go: the 11-inch MacBook Air, the 13-inch MacBook Air, the 13-inch MacBook Pro, and the entry-level 21.5-inch iMac (the one without a Retina 4K display).

RIP 13-inch Pro?

With a Mac-oriented event widely expected later this month, the real question is whether or not Apple will take the opportunity to discontinue any of these four products. The company recently discontinued its Thunderbolt Display, and rumors suggest that Apple may launch a 5K stand-alone display at the event.

There's no sugar-coating this: The 13-inch MacBook Pro should have died a long time ago. It's strange that Apple even still sells the laptop, which was last updated in 2012. It offers such terrible value that it's hard to imagine people still buying this aging laptop, but presumably people still do if Apple still sells it.

The MacBook Air is a different story. The new 12-inch MacBook appears to be the spiritual successor, but since that product was launched just last year and Apple is still likely near the height of its cost curve, the ultra-thin device carries a hefty premium. It's too expensive at this point for the MacBook to supplant the MacBook Air, which serves as an entry-level laptop. Strategically, it doesn't seem that Apple could discontinue the MacBook Air quite yet in favor of the MacBook, but the writing is on the wall. In a generation or two, the 12-inch MacBook's cost structure may come down enough to replace the MacBook Air.

The same is likely true for the 21.5-inch iMac, although this will probably happen sooner. Thanks to the shared overall design, the added cost should primarily be associated with components, as opposed to entirely different manufacturing infrastructure necessary for different designs.

My guess is that Apple discontinues one of the four remaining non-Retina products this month: the 13-inch Pro. The Air and iMac should follow shortly thereafter once costs permit competitive pricing, so maybe we'll see another one bite the dust next year. 
2016-03-31
Apple Inc. Watch Sales Expected to Slump in 2016 Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) first smart watch, known as the Apple Watch, has done very well by smartwatch standards, with DIGITIMES reporting that the iDevice maker commands more than 50% of the entire smartwatch market.

That being said, the publication reports that shipments of the current generation Apple Watch have been "weaker-than-expected." This isn't a surprise given that Apple recently cut the price of its entry-level Apple Watch to just $299, down from $349 prior, without introducing updated models.

Apparently this weakness has led Apple to be "cautious about placing component orders for the second-generation model slated for launch later in 2016," DIGITIMESsays.

Moreover, the publication also says that companies within the Apple Watch supply chain think that it's likely that Apple Watch shipments in 2016 are likely to be lower than those in 2015.

Not surprising

This report, should it prove true, isn't particularly surprising. Many of the reviews of the Apple Watch clearly point to a product category that's still very much "work in progress." One review, from Wearable.com, praises the Taptic Engine, straps, comfort, and first party app selection. However, the review criticizes the quality of third party apps, battery life, fitness features, and the relatively steep price tag.

Over time, I expect the Apple Watch to evolve into something much better. As processing power moves up -- and I expect it to move up dramatically -- the device should become far more capable and useful to mainstream customers.

However, even if Apple's smartwatch offerings get a lot better, it's not clear yet that the smartwatch category itself even has much of a long-term future. Yes, there are some things that may be easier/more convenient to do on one's wrist, but a smartphone is still a vastly more useful device and it's a device that we carry with us virtually all of the time.

Apple can continue to try...for now

Apple Watch is selling well enough that it's raking in multi-billions in revenue for the iDevice maker. As long as sales of this device remain substantial, I would expect the company to continue to invest in the product line.

If I were an Apple shareholder, I would certainly welcome continued attempts here as the category may very well evolve into the "next big thing" that some are hoping for -- especially since the product line is probably profitable for Apple -- but it wouldn't be a material part of my investment thesis.

Apple is still very much dependent on the iPhone for the majority of its revenue and profits, and it is ultimately the health or lack thereof of this product line that will drive the real moves in the company's stock price.

That being said, I do think that the next generation Apple Watch could be a substantially more interesting device than the first gen model. If Apple has packed the upcoming device with many interesting new features and functionality -- particularly functions that are difficult/unpleasant to carry out on a smartphone -- then perhaps sales could return to growth during 2017. Apple Computer Inc., founded by college dropouts Steve Jobs and Stephen ...  Did Apple Help Foxconn Buy Sharp?  Apple Inc. Partners With will.i.am for Its First Unscripted TV Series Despite its limited success thus far, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) appears determined to bring as much original content as possible to its own media platforms.

The company is quietly developing a series with music industry heavyweight will.i.am. An interesting project to be sure, but will Apple's efforts here actually move the needle for the firm? Let's take a look.

An Apple and a Black Eyed Pea

According to a flurry of reporting late last week , the Cupertino-based tech giant has enlisted an elite group of entertainment industry talents to help develop its first unscripted series. In addition to the aforementioned will.i.am, Apple has also reportedly received commitments from TV execs including Ben Silverman and Howard Owens.

Though most readers have likely never heard of either Silverman or Owens, the duo are certainly Hollywood heavy hitters. In addition to serving stints at media industry stalwarts The William Morris Agency and NBC Entertainment, Silverman founded two production and distribution companies -- Reveille and Electus -- that produced shows such as The Office, The Biggest Loser, Ugly Betty, and others. In addition to working with Silverman at Reveille, Howard Owens also worked for the William Morris Agency and most recently served as the president of National Geographic Channels.

Production talent aside, it appears Apple's first unscripted series will focus on the "app economy" the company famously helped create. Beyond that, virtually no details for Apple's project have become public. The news could reflect an accelerated cadence in Apple's content development efforts, though. Last week, news that Apple sealed an exclusive content deal with Vice Media also gained attention in tech and entertainment circles. However, though its gradually expanding scope appears beneficial, I'm still not sure I'm sold on Apple's exclusive content strategy.

Not nearly enough

Given Apple's penchant for secrecy, it's hard to tell exactly what the tech giant hopes to achieve with its original content. Considering the painfully gradual pace of its development though, it seems as if Apple might not be so clear about its strategy in this arena either.

As far as I can tell, the eventual addition of the will.i.am series will increase the number of Apple's original or exclusive content titles to a grand total of five, though Drake's Hotline Bling video is no longer under exclusive status with Apple. For context, the other exclusive or original pieces under Apple's control (and available through an Apple Music subscription) are the documentary chronicling Taylor Swift's 1989 tour, the Vice Media Series The Score, and Vital Signs.

That catalog doesn't do much to move the company's content library beyond licensed music -- especially as music streaming leader Spotify continues to add unique features and grow its paid and free user bases. In all honesty, it seems as if Apple's growth strategy for Apple Music has lost its direction.

Apple Music's original marketing plan centered around two points of differentiation over Spotify: curation and original content. Apple spent months prior to Music's launch recruiting top music industry talent to curate playlists and DJ for Apple Music stations. Spotify effectively negated this advantage when it rolled out its own algorithm-driven music recommendation playlists only weeks after Apple Music launched. This left exclusive content as the sole unique marketable feature for Apple Music, albeit a weak one to begin with. However, given the snail's pace at which Apple has acquired or created that content, it seems the company doesn't have a strong sense of exactly what its doing to help promote its music streaming service.

Fortunately for Apple, the counterpoint is that this isn't likely to really affect its financial performance to an appreciable degree, especially in the near term. True, listening to music remains one of the most common things people use their smartphones for today , and the rise of popular alternatives weakens Apple's grip on its users' mobile experience. However, the company's death grip on other core aspects of the mobile experience, particularly the app economy its forthcoming series will highlight, means that losing the battle for streaming music dominance alone won't meaningfully impact its iPhone and iPad sales outlook. But for a company whose current success is rooted so deeply in leading the evolution of digital music, it's unfortunate to see Apple's music product efforts appear as listless as they do today. Can Starbucks Teach Facebook And Apple A Thing Or 2 About Mobile Payments? A recent survey painted a poor picture for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s mobile payment system, Apple Pay, as only 20 percent of survey respondents indicated they had used Apple Pay at least once. Naturally, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) is paying close attention to Apple's successes and failures ahead of its own anticipated mobile payment system, if recent reports hold true that the company is looking to enter the space.

Related Link: Coffee Prices 50% Off Peak Made In 2011 And Mid-'90s; What's It Mean For Coffee Retailers?

Learning From Cuppa Joe

However, if Facebook is taking lessons from Apple, it is looking in the wrong direction. In fact, both Facebook and Apple should be taking a close look at Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX).

According to Bloomberg's Shire Ovide, Starbucks, not Apple, is "the only U.S. company that has cracked mobile payments," as 21 percent of all transactions in its company-owned locations are mobile generated.

Ovide noted that Starbucks' record is even more impressive when considering the fact that only 2.1 percent of all U.S. retail sales last year originated from a mobile device.

So, what lessons can Apple and Facebook learn from Starbucks? For starters, "bribery works," as Starbucks' consumers are bribed with goodies like free coffee after using the mobile app payment often enough. Apple could similarly bribe its users with a free Apple Pay credit or iTunes song download for a certain amount of purchases made through its system.

"That would persuade a lot of newbies to try Apple Pay and then use it repeatedly," Ovide wrote.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Apple Pay Bloomberg Facebook Mobile PaymentLong Ideas News Econ #s Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Happy Birthday Apple, Goodbye Time Inc. Apple was barely seven years old when I first met Steve Jobs. He was receiving New York journalists one publication at a time in a suite at the Carlyle Hotel, where he was supposed to introduce them to the Apple Lisa, the short-lived precursor to the Macintosh.

The year was 1983. I was a reporter on a writer's trial at Time Magazine . Jobs, then 28, was still a brash young know-it-all. He had already been kicked off the Lisa team, and within two years would be forced out of Apple.

The publicity plan that day called for Jobs to focus on the Lisa and not mention the new computer. But he couldn't help himself, and the stories in Time and Fortune both reported that Apple was working on a smaller, cheaper machine called the Macintosh.

1983 was also the year Time named the computer Machine of the Year. Jobs, who thought he was going to be named Man of the Year, read the issue and burst into tears.

I passed my writer's trial and for the next three decades watched Apple ( aapl ) closely as Time's first computer writer, as its technology editor and, for the past nine years, in a daily blog called Apple 2.0 first for Business 2.0 , then for Fortune.com .

Today is my last day at Fortune . Tomorrow, after 36 years at Time Inc., I'm launching my own site. It's called Apple 3.0 . You can read about it here . The official launch date, April 1, is by pure coincidence (I swear) the 40th anniversary of the founding of Apple.

If you've found value in the work I've done here, I hope you'll give it a try. 
2016-06-15
Apple, Inc. Just Gave Facebook's Messaging Play a Big Boost While Siri's debut on Mac, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) decision to hand over the voice assistant to iOS app developers, and instant apps for Apple Watch may have stolen the show at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference, or WWDC, there's another takeaway from the event that Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) investors may want to hone in on: Apple heavily endorsed Facebook's big bet on messaging and launched major features to integrate third-party message apps like Facebook's Messenger and Whatsapp prominently in iOS.

Apple's messaging endorsement

One of Apple's key new features announced at its WWDC event on Monday is a complete overhaul of iMessage.

Apple summarized iMessage's new features in a press release:

[W]ith iOS 10 [iMessage] is more expressive and fun with animated and personalized ways to message friends and family. Messages includes powerful animations, such as balloons, confetti or fireworks that can take over an entire screen to celebrate a special occasion, invisible ink to send a message only revealed after a friend swipes over it, and for added personalization, handwritten notes. Automatic suggestions make it easy to replace words with emoji, Tapback creates a quick and simple way to respond with just a tap and rich links let you see content inline and play media without ever leaving your conversation.

The common theme for iMessage's new features is greater expression and personalization -- two areas where Messenger and WhatsApp have excelled. Apple's move to go all out in this area suggests it believes Facebook is on to something with its rapid rollout of increasingly more personalization and customization in its messaging apps.

But Apple went further than endorsing Facebook's approach to improving messaging. The tech giant also gave messaging apps key, integrated real estate. Apple announced that third-party cross-platform messaging, as well as voice over IP, or VoIP, calls would now display or ring in the same way native messages or phone calls come through on the iPhone. Furthermore, iOS 10 includes shortcuts within contacts to call or text using services outside of SMS or iMessage, even prominently suggesting whatever service has been used most for a particular contact.

With iOS 10, VoIP apps are integrated directly into an iPhone's lock screen, recent calls, and favorites. Contact cards are also enhanced so it remembers the services used most frequently to converse with a particular person.

Apple specifically said WhatsApp and Messenger cross-platform messaging services will be fully integrated into iOS 10.

Facebook's big bet on messaging

Apple's moves to both overhaul its own messaging capabilities and to prominently highlight services like WhatsApp and Messenger give credence to Facebook's meaningful investment into messaging.

When Facebook announced in 2014 that it planned to purchase cross-platform messaging app WhatsApp in a deal valued at $19 billion in stock and cash, it was difficult to justify such an enormous price tag. But WhatsApp, along with Messenger, has continued to grow and mature. Now the services have 1 billion and 900 million monthly active users, respectively, and Facebook is in the early stages of introducing ways to monetize the services.

Apple's latest moves in messaging give a thumbs-up to Facebook's big investments in the fast-growing and rapidly evolving space. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone Patent 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone Patent Shakes the Tech World





Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone Patent

"

A large majority of portable electronic devices have settled into a standard form factor; namely a flat planar form factor with a display on one side and an opaque housing which contains the electrical components covering the rear surface of the device.



Unfortunately, this popular form factor, leaves the sides and rear surfaces of the device unused or at best configured with buttons and switches with fixed location and functionality.



Since many of these buttons and switches have fixed functionality they cannot always be incorporated into third party applications. Therefore, there exists a need for an improved form factor for portable electronic devices which allows functionality to extend to more than one surface of the device.

" Source: United States Patent and Trademark Office A large majority of portable electronic devices have settled into a standard form factor; namely a flat planar form factor with a display on one side and an opaque housing which contains the electrical components covering the rear surface of the device.or at best configured with buttons and switches with fixed location and functionality.Since many of these buttons and switches have fixed functionality they cannot always be incorporated into third party applications. Therefore, there exists a need for an improved form factor for portable electronic devices which allows functionality to extend to more than one surface of the device.

"

While we're expecting something special from the 10th anniversary iPhone, we do have to emphasize our usual disclaimer on patents: very few of the inventions Apple patents ever make it into finished products.



I'd be extremely surprised to see Apple go for anything quite this radical, but it may at least give some indication of the kind of direction the company is exploring.

" Source: 9TO5Mac While we're expecting something special from the 10th anniversary iPhone, we do have to emphasize our usual disclaimer on patents: very few of the inventions Apple patents ever make it into finished products.I'd be extremely surprised to see Apple go for anything quite this radical, but it may at least give some indication of the kind of direction the company is exploring.

Not too long ago headlines called for the end of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Then suppliers reportedly had to ramp up production on the iPhone due to pent up demand that, if true, vastly outpaced forecasts. But breaking news comes from Apple, or really from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, is stunning.A patent application that was just approved has shaken Wall Street again and reminded us all that while Apple keeps its innovation rather quiet until it's time to release a product, that doesn't mean innovation isn't happening.For all the wonderful news surrounding the water resistant Galaxy S7 with curved edges and how it would be the iPhone killer, we are now reminded, abruptly, that there is no greater innovator than Apple Inc., and doubting the company's vision has repeatedly turned into an embarrassing proposition.U.S. Patent number US 9,367,095 B2 was approved yesterday, June 14th, 2016, and the patent is incredible. In short, Apple has a patent for a 360 degree phone -- that's an iPhone with no back, entirely screen. Here's a rendering from the patent filing. The red arrows and font were added by us.And here is some language with our emphasis added:The technology seen in the rendering above encloses electronics within a wraparound display able to "present visual content at any portion of the transparent housing" ( 9TO5Mac ).Patent applications are intentionally complex and obfuscated and it takes a while to get to it, but if you look closely enough we can see a reference to the iPhone in an actual image. Here it is -- we have highlighted the rather obvious reference to the Apple iPhone.Next year the Apple iPhone will have its ten year anniversary and the speculation around what the iPhone 8 will bring has been wide. Most of the rumors have surrounded Apple bringing an all glass, unbreakable iPhone to market using OLED technology. That in and of itself had Apple enthusiasts exited and has pushed the stock price of Universal Display, appropriately with ticker OLED, up much higher.But if Apple brings an iPhone to market that is all glass with 360 degrees of screen and is water resistant, there will be no talk of competition from the Galaxy 7. There will be no talk of Apple lacking innovation. There will only be talk of how "Apple did it again."9TO5Mac is an extremely reputable source covering Apple products. That outfit has a different take on the patent. Here is a snippet:While arguments are already being made that a 360 degree iPhone isn't really all that radical since half of the screen would be covered, or that it would have a hard time resting on flat surfaces, that's just not how we see it.A no back, 360 degree iPhone allows for a new feature set -- that's flipping the phone. Just that functionality could open up huge applications for Apple and app developers. There's no way that double the screen space doesn't turn into a stunning wave of new functionality.But, the truth is, we don't know how we can use it because Apple hasn't told us, yet. But like Apple showed the world how to "swipe," or to use a touch screen, or to use our fingers to magnify a screen, so Apple will show us how to use a 360 degree OLED iPhone. And my guess is, just as was the case with the iMac, iPod, iPhone and iPad, it's going to make everyone knock their hands against their foreheads and say, "Oh... That's amazing."Just as iPhone 7 demand appears to be outstripping supply, so the iPhone 8 will defy the odds, and remind us all that Apple is ahead of us, not behind us. The criticisms come from a group of analysts and main stream media that are playing checkers while Apple is playing chess. 
2016-08-04
Apple Inc.'s iPad Business Finally Gets a Boost After being heralded as the "next big thing," Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad has been in a multi-quarter slump, with revenues continuing to plunge despite the iDevice maker's best efforts. Last quarter, Apple finally reported a return to growth in iPad revenue, as expected.

iPad sales rose to $4.876 billion, up from the $4.538 billion a year ago. Units were actually down once again, plunging from 10.931 million to just 9.95 million. The revenue increase implies an increase in iPad average selling prices, which CEO Tim Cook attributed to the release of the (relatively pricey) 9.7-inch iPad Pro during the quarter.

Is Apple's iPad business out of the woods? Or is this just a short-term uptick in an otherwise long-term decline?

Near-term stabilization

The return to modest growth in the quarter was hardly impressive. Even with the ramp of a new product -- the 9.7-inch iPad Pro -- the company still couldn't deliver on a year-over-year unit increase. The company relied on the introduction of the newer 9.7-inch iPad Pro -- a product more expensive than its immediate predecessor -- to drive that growth.

There's nothing wrong with Apple driving revenue growth through average selling price increases; increases in average selling prices are often good as they show that customers find increased value in the company's product offerings.

The ramp of the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro clearly provided some stabilization last quarter. It's not clear when Apple will refresh the rest of its iPad lineup, but I wouldn't be surprised to see such refreshes fairly soon in order to keep iPad revenue/units in reasonable shape over the next couple of quarters.

Looking out longer term

Over the longer term, the future for iPad looks cloudy. With long upgrade cycles and continued competition for share of wallet against the company's own MacBook and iPhone lineups, it's difficult to see iPad becoming a business segment that can grow consistently year-in and year-out.

Upgrade cycles are seemingly long in the tablet market and it would seem that bringing out new and interesting products year-in and year-out hasn't helped to offset this fundamental market dynamic.

In my view, Apple should continue on trying to develop compelling products for this segment as it still represents a large, if perhaps potentially stagnant, revenue opportunity. This way, Apple can still rake in steady cash flow from iPad sales and if market dynamics change for the better, the iDevice maker will be well positioned to capitalize on such an opportunity.

From an investment perspective, it's probably best to not count on much in the way of good news for iPad for the foreseeable future. iPad is a relatively small part of the company's overall revenue profile and that's not likely to change. Instead, it should be monitored as just one part of a much larger, iPhone-dominated, business. 
2016-06-09
3 Reasons Apple, Inc. Should Not Buy Uber I've been covering Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) regularly for quite a few years now, so I know how this goes. The Mac maker's large and growing cash hoard is a source of endless speculation about what Apple should or shouldn't buy. The latest instance is Business Insider's transportation editor Matt DeBord, who believes that Apple should scoop up Uber.

It's basically a given that Apple is exploring transportation, electric cars, and mobility. There's been way too much hiring activity for Apple not to be looking into these areas. But just in case there was any question about it, the recent $1 billion investment in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing should put those doubts to rest.

DeBord believes that acquiring Uber would allow Apple to jump to the head of the pack, since Uber is the market leader in many ride-hailing markets. In addition, it could help prevent a future potential downround for Uber, where it raises capital at a lower valuation than the prior round. That could help "stabilize" the current status of unicorn valuations, too, says DeBord.

With respect, I must disagree. Here's why.

The price is not right

First and foremost, Uber is insanely expensive. Just last week, the company raised $3.5 billion in fresh cash from Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund. The deal valued the ride-hailing start-up at a massive $62.5 billion, unchanged sequentially from a $2.1 billion venture capital funding round from December.

Adding a take-out premium will push that figure much higher -- at least $80 billion, by DeBord's estimation. He rightly points out that much of Apple's cash is locked overseas and would be subject to hefty repatriation taxes if brought home to fund an acquisition. That would add a cool 35% to the total bill, but DeBord suggests that Apple should fund the deal with stock.

The challenge is that with Apple shares trading in the neighborhood of $100, that would require issuing 800 million fresh shares, representing nearly 15% dilution compared to the current 5.5 billion shares outstanding. Issuing 800 million shares would also eliminate virtually all of the accretive benefits of Apple's share repurchase program over the past four years. Specifically, Apple has retired nearly 1.1 billion shares of stock since the capital return program was initiated in 2012, leading to significant earnings accretion over time. Investors won't want to give most of that back.

Besides, $80 billion would be over 25 times greater than Apple's largest acquisition to date (Beats for $3 billion), which itself was six times larger than the previously largest acquisition ever. The vast majority of Apple acquisitions are under $500 million, although CEO Tim Cook has recently suggested that Apple's acquisitions may go higher as it does not want to be limited by price if the deal makes sense.

On top of all of this, I tend to believe that Uber is grossly overvalued to begin with. Leaked documents from earlier this year suggest that the company generated around $660 million in net revenue in the first half of 2015, leading to nearly $1 billion in net losses.

The unicorn problem is not Apple's problem

Another idea is that Apple could "save" the unicorns in Silicon Valley right now by stepping in with a blockbuster acquisition. An Uber downround could put many private start-up valuations at risk.

Not only is the trend of private valuations not Apple's problem, but a decline in start-up valuations would actually benefit the company. Apple acquires a company every three to four weeks, and often only cares for technology and talent. The company generally has no interest in buying revenue streams, so declining valuations would reduce the price tag for many potential acquisitions.

Ethics and regulations

Uber also has a reputation for being a somewhat unethical company, most recently exemplified by its leasing program, Xchange. On the other hand, Apple is generally a very ethical company that genuinely wants to help the greater good. That's an obvious culture clash.

Time and time again, Uber has shown an active disdain for essentially all forms of regulation that could hinder its growth, even common-sense regulations that are intended for consumer safety. The company, along with rival Lyft, just recently voluntarily pulled out of Austin, Texas, because it lost a regulatory fight over fingerprint-based background checks for drivers. Uber has been sued in countless cities and countries around the world for operating illegally.

Apple would never operate like this, actively defying laws and regulations put in place for consumer protection. Considering its massive global business and brand, Apple adheres to all relevant laws and regulations in the markets that it participates in and the regions where it operates. Another clash of values.

As a longtime shareholder, I'd be severely disappointed if Apple even considered buying Uber. Apple Is Focused On Long-Term Success And Survival Long-time Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) bear and Seeking Alpha contributor Michael Blair is out with another polarizing article titled 'Apple's Greed Stifles Growth While Amazon Forges Ahead', criticizing Apple's alleged focus on short-term profit and lack of innovation. I think it is an interesting piece worth discussing and explaining in more detail as it showcases a misunderstanding of the different business models, product strategies, and underlying valuation of Apple and some of its key competitors in today's technology space. Let's jump right in.

Mr. Blair's view on the matter is clear: "Apple lags its competitors in innovation and has done virtually nothing but tweak its devices for the past two years". He then gives new home automation products from Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as examples of innovation and the next big thing in technology. Needless to say, I look at things differently.

Different products, same goals

Amazon's Echo and Google's Home are a good reflection of the companies' business models focused on selling services. Both represent a logical way to offer an affordable, basic product to provide access to Amazon and Google services for the widest audience possible. The internet giants play to their strengths here (service infrastructure and data collection) while limiting their weaknesses (hardware and design - see Google Glass and Amazon Fire Phone).

On the other hand, Apple is a product company competing in the premium segment where rich experiences are positioned as the reason to attract customers. In this respect, I look at the existing Apple product portfolio as a better fit for the company's business model and goals. The iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV (and soon Mac if rumors are true) already offer access to a virtual assistant and speakers, while also providing more interface options, utility, and overall value. In fact, I think a product like the Apple Watch is best positioned for handling voice queries and home automation as its microphone and user interface is right on your wrist wherever you are.

Does Apple need to improve Siri and other services? Yes. Are Amazon Echo and Google Home the next big innovation with "a vast potential market" and a showcase for technology leadership? Given the products' limitations and their voice interface, I have my doubts. Either way, Apple, Amazon, and Google follow the same goals here trying to engage their customers within their ecosystems, but given their different business models and different strengths, they position different products to achieve them.

Breadth vs. depth

Mr. Blair then states that "Apple has ignored the compelling need in technology to look ahead and innovate". I disagree. While the company makes a few bets, these are significant, long-term strategic initiatives. Apple Watch and Apple Pay are the clearest examples of this focused product strategy. While both products are currently not material to Apple's revenues (and therefore are easy targets for criticism and dismissal), they target important industries, and their impact can already be felt. Google spent many years unsuccessfully trying to get its mobile payments off the ground, while other companies active in the field today like Samsung didn't even offer any payment solution before Apple Pay. Similarly, the smartwatch category (in terms of material units shipments) was largely insignificant before the Apple Watch, while the Swiss and US watchmakers now suffer the biggest sales declines in almost a decade.

There is a marked difference in terms of strategy and innovation between Apple and companies like Amazon, Google, or Facebook (NASDAQ:FB). Apple's functional organization makes the company focus and pursue depth, while the divisional organizational structure of the likes of Alphabet and Amazon enables a broader and more experimental development approach. While the latter strategy results in many product and service initiatives, few of them ever see the light of day and even fewer become successful and profitable. What is the better strategy? That depends on your definition of innovation and whether you prefer breadth or depth. In terms of profit and cultural impact, Apple's strategy has certainly worked over the last two decades. However, the notion that Apple does not look ahead and innovate is not correct, even more so now that the company is working with Didi Chuxing to redefine transportation.

Valuation: Apples and oranges

Finally, Mr. Blair suggests that Apple's alleged focus on short-term profit and the lack of innovation is reflected in the company's valuation, while innovative products from Amazon and Google power their respective stocks ahead. Both AMZN and GOOG certainly benefit from the positive sentiment surrounding their many initiatives while investors are glad to pay a premium for their recurring service cash flows and growth. On the other hand, no matter how it innovates, AAPL's valuation will always be limited by its hardware business model and its consequence: secretive development (to prevent the Osborne effect), changing technology cycles, and low predictability of future product cash flows.

Investor takeaway

There is no denying the fact that AAPL is currently going through difficult times. The enormous growth (in fact unprecedented for a company of Apple's size) seen in recent years is coming to an end as the smartphone market is showing signs of maturity and so is the most successful and profitable technology product of all time, the iPhone. However, this is not to say that the company has stopped innovating. The company is currently establishing itself in the important wearables and health markets, brings security and convenience to the payments industry, and its rumored electric vehicle is widely considered the worst-kept secret in Silicon Valley. While these are only a few initiatives, they represent big long-term bets on some of the most important industries and Apple's relevance and survival.

Author's Note: If you have enjoyed reading my article and found its content valuable, please take 5 seconds to follow me by clicking the Follow button next to my name at the top of the page.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: This is no recommendation to buy or sell securities as that carries with it very high risks. The information contained in this article is for informational purposes only and subject to change at any time. Do your own due diligence and consult with a licensed professional before making any investment decision. Apple Inc. case against Samsung Electronics Co should go back to lower court ... SAN FRANCISCO/SEOUL   The U.S. Department of Justice asked the Supreme Court to overturn an appeals court ruling that had favoured Apple Inc. over Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. in smartphone patent litigation, and asked that it return the case to the trial court for more litigation.

Samsung had appealed a federal appeals court ruling to the Supreme Court, which agreed to hear the case. The Justice Department submitted its view in an amicus brief on Wednesday.

An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, while Samsung told Reuters in a statement it welcomes  overwhelming support  for overturning the appeals court ruling in favour of Apple from various parties including the U.S. government.

Related

 If left uncorrected, the appeals court s ruling could lead to diminished innovation, pave the way for design troll patent litigation and negatively impact the economy and consumers,  the South Korean firm said.

The world s top smartphone rivals have been feuding over patents since 2011, when Apple sued Samsung in Northern California alleging infringement of the iPhone s patents, designs and trademarked appearance.

Following a 2012 jury trial, Samsung was ordered to pay Apple US$930 million. Samsung has been trying to reduce that figure ever since.

Its efforts were partially rewarded in May 2015, when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit reversed the trademark liability, bringing Samsung s exposure down to US$548 million.

The appeals court, however, upheld Samsung s infringement of the iPhone s patents, including those related to the designs of the iPhone s rounded-corner front face, bezel and colorful grid of icons.

Samsung then asked the Supreme Court to review the design patent portion of the decision, calling the damages awarded excessive. In March, the justices agreed to look into whether courts should award in damages the total profits from a product that infringes a design patent, if the patent applies only to a component of the product.

In its amicus brief on Wednesday, the Justice Department said it was unclear whether Samsung had produced enough evidence to support its argument that phone components, not the entire phone, should be what matters when calculating damages.

The Supreme Court should send the case back for the trial court to determine whether a new trial is warranted on that issue, the Justice Department said.

The case is Samsung Electronics Co Ltd et al vs. Apple Inc, in the Supreme Court of the United States, No. 15-777.

  Thomson Reuters 2016 
2016-02-26
Apple Inc.'s Upcoming Product Launch Event May Be Underwhelming 

Thanks to good work from 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman, the investment community is well aware of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) plan to host an event on March 15. During this event, the iDevice maker is said to be preparing to unveil three things.

The first is a new iPad, the iPad Air 3. The next is a set of new watchbands for the Apple Watch. And, finally, the company is said to introduce an updated 4-inch iPhone, dubbed the iPhone 5se. The device is said to look like an iPhone 5s, feature the cameras of the iPhone 6, and the processing power of the iPhone 6s.

Frankly, I'm a tad surprised that Apple is bothering to host an event at all. Here's why.

Watch bands? Small iPhone?

Unless Apple plans to launch a next generation Apple Watch at this event, viewers are unlikely to care all that much about what the iDevice maker has to say. New Apple Watch bands are nice and all, but they're hardly the sort of thing that either customers or investors get excited about.

Then we have the new 4-inch iPhone. It should be a nice device, but I seriously doubt that anything about it will be anything groundbreaking since it is said to recycle components from both the iPhone 6/6 Plus as well as the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

The iPad Air 3 should be the star of the show

The iPad Air 3 has the potential to really make this event worthwhile. Although the A9X chip that the device is said to pack has already made its debut in the iPad Pro, I strongly suspect that the rest of the technologies that the product is said to bring will be quite new.

For example, one rumor suggests that the iPad Air 3 will have a "4K" display, which should mean that the device will be the sharpest display ever shipped on in an iPad. I also wouldn't be surprised to see innovations that made their debut in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, such as the second generation Touch ID, make it to the new iPad as well.

However, if the iPad Air 3 is really going to be the product that carries Apple's March product launch event, it'll likely need more than the A9X chip and a sharper screen to really be worthwhile.

Here's why Apple is probably bothering with an event

If the iPhone 6s/6s Plus had sold in the numbers that Apple had actually hoped (they were likely banking on year-over-year growth), I don't think the iDevice maker would be hosting an event to launch these products; they very well may have shown up accompanied by a press release.

However, at this point Apple likely recognizes that it needs to be in the limelight as often as possible to both drum up hype for its product offerings and to, in an indirect fashion, "communicate" with investors.

It will be interesting to see what Apple executives have to say at the event. Can they drum up interest in iPhone and iPad with the new releases? Will they be able to appease investors that have had to deal with disappointing iPhone sales and the resultant drop in the share price over the last several months?

We'll find out in a couple of weeks. Danhof added, in part: 

For Release: February 26, 2016

Contact: Judy Kent at (703) 759-7476 or cell (703) 477-7476 or [email protected] Apple Inc. Asked to Adopt Human Rights Proposal



Apple Management Asked to Report to Shareholders on Its Operations in Countries With Brutal Human Rights Abuses



Apple, Inc. Urges Shareholders to Vote "No"



FBI-Apple Debate Repeatedly Mentioned



Jesse Jackson Addressed Shareholder Meeting, Saying FBI Could Use a 'Back Door' Into the iPhone to Spy on His Group and Black Lives Matter Cupertino, CA / Washington, D.C. - A proposal asking the management of Apple, Inc. to issue a report to shareholders on the company's business operations in regions with systemic human rights violations was presented at Apple's annual shareholder meeting today by the Free Enterprise Project of the National Center for Public Policy Research. Speaking on behalf of the proposal, Free Enterprise Project Director Justin Danhof, Esq. noted that Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post calling on "many more" people to fight against discrimination. Danhof added, in part: Our proposal takes Mr. Cook up on this. Apple operates in 17 nations where homosexuality is outlawed. In four of those countries, homosexual acts are punishable by death. Women have almost no rights in numerous countries in which Apple does business. And try getting a fair trial in many of these nations. Let us as shareholders of Apple "join this movement," as Mr. Cook said, and question why Apple is operating in nations when doing so requires Apple to discriminate, and to acquiesce in discrimination. Could a woman even drive a shipment of iPhones to Apple's sales location in Saudi Arabia? Or work in the store without the permission of a male relative? Our proposal simply asks management to prepare a report identifying Apple's criteria for operating in regions with significant and systemic human rights violations. As Mr. Cook himself wrote, "Opposing discrimination takes courage. With the lives and dignity of so many people at stake, it's time for all of us to be courageous." The full text of Danhof's remarks at the Apple meeting, as prepared for delivery, can be found here. Following the meeting, Danhof said: Today, we sent a clear message to Apple's leadership that religious bigotry has no place in the corporate boardroom. Our shareholder proposal highlighted an issue of growing importance - corporate involvement in political and legal issues. Apple and its CEO, Tim Cook, are not Constitutional scholars when it comes to religious issues. This showed when Cook penned an op-ed in the Washington Post that was rife with falsehoods regarding religious freedom restoration laws. I was encouraged by the support of the shareholders in attendance at today's meeting. When I pointed out that Cook had misled folks on this important issue, and that Apple's own operations fail to live up to Cook's haughty prose, and asked for support for our proposal, a significant portion of the shareholders applauded. Breaking from the norm, Cook did not address the National Center's proposal at the meeting. At prior Apple meetings, Cook has gone out of his way to attack National Center proposals, including one regarding green energy and another trying to get to the bottom of Apple's mysterious ability to earn approval from a green ratings agency for its laptops. Today, however, Cook's silence was deafening. And that's part of the goal of the National Center's Religious Freedom Defense Initiative. We are striving to remove corporate America from debates that are better left to legislatures and the courts - bodies which are accountable to the American people - or, at the very least, to encourage corporate America to take these debates seriously, speaking about them accurately and with the goal of improving our country, not maximizing their own profits at public expense. Cook's op-ed represented a new type of totalitarianism that is sweeping the nation. From college campuses with their ever-growing "safe spaces," to Congress and the court system, there is a left-wing effort to remove all thought and speech that doesn't toe the liberal line. Whether the issue is race, sexual orientation or police activity, there has rarely been a time when freedom of expression and association were under such an extreme assault. America is a nation that has always looked out for, and given special protection to, its discreet and insular minorities. Today, that is an Indiana pizza shop just trying to sell its products and a Christian baker in Oregon who is forced to go to a reeducation camp for not wanting to bake a cake for a gay wedding. Cook took the weight of the Apple - one of the most powerful corporations in the world - and stomped on their necks. Danhof added: Apple's current spat with the FBI over encryption and privacy rights came up repeatedly, if vaguely. It was the most often discussed topic other than iPhone sales, probably. Jesse Jackson was even on hand for overly-long comments complaining, in his paranoid manner, that some future conservative president could use a backdoor into the iPhone to spy on his group, and groups such as Black Lives Matter. I agree with Apple's legal position regarding the Fourth Amendment's privacy guarantees, but I believe the media are missing another important Constitutional issue - the First Amendment's speech protections. The government cannot coerce or compel an individual to sign a petition or support a referendum or political candidate. In the same way, it should not be permitted to compel Apple to write a code that would cause the company and its employees to contravene their deeply-held views on privacy rights. Apple has asked shareholders to vote against the National Center's proposal, saying "the requested report is unnecessary and would not provide meaningful information to shareholders." The full text of the National Center's shareholder proposal can be found here on page 62; Apple's statement of opposition is on page 63. More information about the National Center's proposal is available here and here. The National Center's Free Enterprise Project is the nation's preeminent free-market activist group focusing on shareholder activism and the confluence of big government and big business. In 2014-15, National Center representatives participated in 69 shareholder meetings advancing free-market ideals in the areas of health care, energy, taxes, subsidies, regulations, religious freedom, food policies, media bias, gun rights, workers' rights and many other important public policy issues. Today's Apple meeting marks its second shareholder meeting of 2016. The National Center for Public Policy Research, founded in 1982, is a non-partisan, free-market, independent conservative think-tank. Ninety-four percent of its support comes from individuals, less than four percent from foundations, and less than two percent from corporations. It receives over 350,000 individual contributions a year from over 96,000 active recent contributors. Sign up for free issue alerts here or follow us on Twitter at @NationalCenter. -30-





Home | Donate | Subscribe | Search | About Us | What's New | Blog | Twitter

20 F Street NW, Suite 700 Washington, D.C. 20001

(202) 507-6398

Fax (301) 498-1301

E-Mail: [email protected]

Web: www.nationalcenter.org

 At Long Last, Is Apple Inc. Bringing Siri to the Mac? This has been a long time coming. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) first introduced its virtual assistant Siri way back in 2011 alongside the iPhone 4s. Siri would soon make its way to the iPad, but to date has never been included on the Mac (Apple did add voice dictation to OS X, though). Siri is now even on the new Apple TV as a flagship feature, allowing users to find video content with voice commands.

However, that may all be changing soon with the next version of OS X, 10.12, according to a recent report from 9to5Mac.

Back to the Mac

The Mac maker has reportedly been testing internal versions of Siri on the Mac for quite some time, but now has a specific goal in mind for how the user interface will work. Siri on the Mac is almost ready for prime time. There will be a menu bar icon that users click in order to activate Siri, which will bring up a voice interface that's similar to iOS. "Hey, Siri" is also expected to be supported, with the Mac always listening for that activation phrase. It's worth noting that Apple filed some patents in 2014 suggesting that it was working on a Mac-based Siri.

While the past couple of years have seen incremental performance improvements in OS X, Siri could be a headlining feature for this year's OS X update, which is expected to be unveiled at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference in June. This would represent the continued feature convergence of iOS and OS X, a trend that Steve Jobs kicked off in 2010 at Apple's Back to the Mac event while unveiling a redesigned MacBook Air.

Everybody's doing it

Seeing as how Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) made Cortana an important feature of Windows 10, it was just a matter of time before Apple followed suit. Of course, Apple has been working on this for a number of years, as evidenced by aforementioned patent filings, but technically Microsoft beat it to the punch with integrating a virtual assistant into a desktop platform. Doing so would bring Apple that much closer to its original 1987 Knowledge Navigator video that ex-CEO John Sculley commissioned decades ago.

Even though Cortana isn't a huge driver of Windows 10 adoption -- people are happy enough just to get away from Windows 8 -- it's an important step toward the proliferation of virtual assistants. Every major tech player has been researching and developing voice recognition software and virtual assistant algorithms in varying degrees. Apple started the trend, so it might as well keep it going. While it defies US government, Apple abides by China's orders   and reaps big ... Apple Inc. has come out swinging in its pitched battle with the government on its home turf.

But when it comes to its second-largest market, China, the Cupertino, Calif., company has been far more accommodating.

Since the iPhone was officially introduced in China seven years ago, Apple has overcome a national security backlash there and has censored apps that wouldn't pass muster with Chinese authorities. It has moved local user data onto servers operated by the state-owned China Telecom and submits to security audits by Chinese authorities.

The approach contrasts with Apple's defiant stance against the FBI, which is heaping pressure on the company to decrypt an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino shooter Syed Rizwan Farook.

I can't imagine the Chinese would tolerate end-to-end encryption or a refusal to cooperate with their police, particularly in a terrorism case.   James Lewis, senior fellow, Center for Strategic and International Studies

The years-long strategy in China is paying off at a crucial time. While sales of Apple products have flatlined or declined in the U.S., Europe and Japan, business in the company's greater China region continues to soar   to a record $59 billion last year. The Asian giant surpassed the U.S. last year as the No. 1 buyer of iPhones and could one day be the largest market for Apple Pay, the mobile payment platform that was rolled out for Chinese consumers last week.

But there's no guarantee the good times will continue rolling for Apple. Beijing is increasingly tightening the screws on foreign technology companies, having introduced strict laws aimed at policing the Internet and digital hardware.

The environment will get even tougher, Apple says, if the FBI prevails in seeking a so-called backdoor to Farook's phone. That could set a precedent for China's authoritarian leaders to demand the same in a country where Apple has never publicly defied orders.

"What's driving this is Apple's desire to persuade the global market, and particularly the China market, that the FBI can't just stroll in and ask for data," said James Lewis, senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. "I can't imagine the Chinese would tolerate end-to-end encryption or a refusal to cooperate with their police, particularly in a terrorism case."

The last time Apple was in the crosshairs of Chinese negative opinion was after the Edward Snowden National Security Agency leak in late 2013.

Chinese state-run media began raising national security questions about the iPhone's location-tracking feature. Communist party cadres and other officials were also urged to ditch their Apple devices.

The controversy underscored how quickly nationalistic sentiment in China can turn on a foreign brand.

Amid the furor, Apple announced it was shifting local user data onto China-based servers.

The move was seen by some analysts as a concession to calm fears that Apple's infrastructure was compromised by U.S. intelligence. It came four years after Google pulled its search engine out of China in an unprecedented stand against the Chinese government over censorship.

Apple, one of only a handful of U.S. tech giants that have flourished in China, said the move was necessary to improve services for its growing Chinese user base. It added that all data on the servers were encrypted and inaccessible to China Telecom.

Even so, some security experts say the servers could be vulnerable.

"Whatever data is on Chinese servers is susceptible to confiscation or even cryptanalysis," a sort of code cracking, said Jonathan Zdziarski, a leading expert in iPhone security.

The same could be said about access to data in servers in the U.S., Zdziarski said, the only difference being you need a subpoena.

But it's not just the servers that pose a risk. Apple's source codes could be stolen from one of its Chinese factories or during government security audits.

"Most of the hardware tools that have hacked iPhones in the past all came out of China, and that's probably for a reason," Zdziarski said. "It'd be foolish to think that Apple could form a safe and healthy relationship with the Chinese government that didn't put the U.S. at some level of higher risk."

In the end, moving users to China Telecom's servers was followed by a rehabilitation of Apple's image in China that continues today.

See more of our top stories on Facebook >>

On Monday, the state-run Economic Daily gave Apple Pay its stamp of approval, saying it complied with national security standards   echoing endorsements the iPhone 6 received more than a year earlier.

In January 2015, the government mouthpiece, the People's Daily, tweeted a picture of Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook shaking hands with Lu Wei, China's top cyberspace official.

"Apple has agreed to China's security checks, 1st foreign firm to agree to rules of Cyberspace Admin of China," the tweet said.

Apple said this was nothing special; it accedes to security checks in all countries it operates in. And all companies that want to do business with China are required to submit to such checks.

What's different, however, is how stringent the checks could be in the near future.

Despite criticism from foreign governments, including the White House, China is introducing security laws that are so vaguely worded some fear it will require technology companies to provide source codes and backdoors for market access. Regulators there have already demanded more foreign companies store data locally like Apple did with China Telecom.

How the new rules fare could depend on the outcome of Apple's case with the FBI, experts say.

"The problem is, depending on what happens with Apple in the U.S., the window for foreign companies to maneuver over encryption and other security requirements in China could shrink," said Samm Sacks, an analyst for Eurasia Group.

She said the ambiguity of China's security laws are designed to promote self-censorship.

Apple in the past has pulled apps from its China app store that mentioned the Dalai Lama and ethnic Uighur activist Rebiya Kadeer   both considered enemies of the state. And late last year, it disabled its news app in China.

"Virtually every foreign tech company doing business in China is going to have to make some concessions to the government, just as the price of entry," said Charlie Custer, a writer and expert on tech in China. Apple's $119.6 Million Patent Win Against Samsung Thrown Out Apple Inc. lost an appeals court ruling Friday that means Samsung Electronics Co. won t have to pay it $119.6 million over patents for smartphone features.

Two Apple patents, including one for its slide-to-unlock feature, are invalid and a third wasn t infringed, a U.S. appeals court ruled.

The decision not only ensures Samsung doesn t have to write another check to Apple; it also can continue using the smartphone features and won t have to make any changes to older models.

The appeals court threw out the verdict that Apple had won, but upheld a jury finding that the iPhone maker has to pay a $158,400 damage award for infringing a Samsung patent on video compression.

The case is one of two major suits between the companies, which is all that s left of a global patent war that began in April 2011 when Apple accused Samsung of  slavishly  copying the iPhone. An Apple victory in the other case, involving the patented designs of the phone, was upheld on appeal and is awaiting possible consideration by the U.S. Supreme Court.

The appeals court ruling is  clearly a loss for Apple,  said Paul Berghoff, a patent lawyer with McDonnell Boehnen Hulbert & Berghoff in Chicago who s not involved in the case.

Berghoff, who s likened the fight between the handset makers to sumo wrestlers trying to tire the other out, said the market has changed since the smartphone wars began, plus Apple is more focused on battling the FBI over privacy and security issues.

Settlement Odds?

 Will this put the Apple executives in a more willing frame of mind to settle? Possibly,  he said.  This is certainly going to invigorate Samsung. 

Rachel Wolf Tulley, a spokeswoman for Cupertino, California-based Apple, said the company had no comment. Danielle Meister Cohen, a Samsung spokeswoman, said the company was preparing a statement.

In this case, Apple claimed that Samsung infringed patents for the slide-to-unlock feature, autocorrect and a way to detect phone numbers that can then be touched to make phone calls. The autocorrect patent is invalid and the detection patent wasn t infringed, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said in an opinion posted on its electronic docket.

The court upheld the jury s verdict that two other Apple patents, for universal search and background syncing, weren t infringed.

Samsung had a counterclaim related to video compression. The jury said Apple infringed one patent and not the other; the appeals court agreed.

A Federal Circuit panel in September said Apple was entitled to a narrow order that would have forced Samsung to remove the slide-to-unlock and other features that were found to infringe the Apple patents. Two Federal Circuit judges were on both panels.

The case is Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Co., 2015-1171, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (Washington). 
2016-03-07
Apple Inc. Reportedly Pushing to Bring OLED to iPhone in 2017 According to previous rumors, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was originally planning to transition its popular iPhone family of smartphones from using traditional liquid crystal displays to more advanced displays using organic light-emitting diodes in the 2018 time frame. However, according to Nikkei (via MacRumors ), Apple is now planning to do this transition in the fall of 2017.

Why accelerate this transition?

These days, a good OLED display seems to be able to deliver better performance and efficiency than a good LCD -- at least according to display expert, Raymond Soneira of DisplayMate.

"OLED displays provide a number of significant advantages over LCDs including: being much thinner, much lighter, with a much smaller bezel providing a near rimless design, plus a very fast response time, better viewing angles, and an always-on display mode," Soneira wrote in his recent analysis of the Galaxy S7's OLED display.

However, I suspect that the real reason that Apple wants to transition to OLEDs is to be able to offer up iPhones with curved displays.

The crazy curved display argument

The idea of a curved display being a key driver of Apple's supply chain plans might seem patently ludicrous at first, but if you take a close look at Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) last few Galaxy S flagship launches you'll notice something interesting.

Indeed, when the S6 and S6 Edge came out, Samsung was said to have dramatically underestimated the mix of curved-screen S6 Edge models that customers wanted to buy. Then, when pre-orders for the S7 and S7 Edge went online, at least one report suggested that 64% of combined S7/S7 Edge pre-orders were for the much more expensive S7 Edge model.

In other words, displays with curved edges -- something that OLED displays allow for -- appear to be something that customers are willing to pay a pretty penny for. Indeed, the price differential between an S7 (~$672) and the S7 Edge (~$792) is well north of $100 but I doubt that the bill of materials premium of the curved display panel over the regular one is anything close to $100.

Good news and bad news

The good news here is that once Apple transitions from flat LCDs to curved OLED displays, this should be an interesting enough change to potentially drive a reasonable upgrade cycle. In fact, it could very well be similar to the upgrade cycle that Apple saw when it finally moved from a small display on the iPhone 5s to larger ones on the iPhone 6/6 Plus and beyond.

The bad news, though, is that while customers waited for Apple to introduce large-screen displays, the company likely suffered from market segment share loss to companies that were able to offer large-screen displays.

I can't help but wonder if Apple might experience something similar during the coming iPhone product cycle as customers simply wait for Apple to deliver this feature or, in a less rosy scenario, defect to Android.

We'll see if Apple is able to pull it together

Ideally, Apple should have lined everything up so that it could transition at least some of its iPhones to OLED displays with the iPhone 7/7 Plus/Pro rather than wait until 2017 or even beyond if this rumor proves false.

However, as long as Apple can bring meaningful display improvements to the LCDs that will power the new iPhones this fall, and as long as Apple has some other "tricks" up its sleeve with the iPhone 7/7 Plus beyond just the display, Apple should still be in a good place. Apple Rejected by US Supreme Court in $450 Million E-Book Case The Apple store on Fifth Avenue is seen on Jan. 26, 2016 in New York City.

Apple Inc. must pay $450 million to end an antitrust suit after the U.S. Supreme Court refused to question a finding that the company orchestrated a scheme to raise the prices for electronic books.

The justices, without comment, turned away an appeal by Apple, leaving intact a federal appeals court ruling favoring the U.S. Justice Department and more than 30 states that sued.

The rebuff means Apple must comply with a settlement it reached with the states in 2014. The accord calls for Apple to pay $400 million to e-book consumers, $20 million to the states, and $30 million in legal fees.

Consumers who overpaid will get credits they can apply to future e-book purchases, the Justice Department said in a statement.

 Apple s liability for knowingly conspiring with book publishers to raise the prices of e-books is settled once and for all,  said Assistant Attorney General Bill Baer, who runs the department s antitrust division.

Government lawyers accused Apple of leading a price-fixing effort as part of the 2010 introduction of its iPad tablet and iBookstore feature. Apple was seeking to gain a foothold in a market dominated by Amazon.com Inc., which at the time treated best-selling books as loss leaders, selling them for $9.99.

A federal judge in Manhattan found that Apple persuaded five of the biggest publishers to shift to a system under which they, and not the retailers, would set book prices. The shift led to a 40 percent increase in the price of e-book best-sellers, U.S. District Judge Denise Cote said.

Cote pointed to statements by Apple s late founder, Steve Jobs. At the Apple event to introduce the iPad, Jobs was asked why someone would buy a book through iBookstore for $14.99 when the same item was available on Amazon for $9.99.

 Jobs paused and with a knowing nod responded,  The price will be the same,  and explained that  publishers are actually withholding their books from Amazon because they are not happy,   Cote wrote.

Cote also ordered changes to Apple s business practices and appointed a monitor to ensure the company s compliance.

At the Supreme Court, Apple argued that its actions enhanced competition by providing consumers with a new e-book platform. The company said e-book prices have fallen in the years since the introduction of iBookstore.

 Following Apple s entry, output increased, overall prices decreased, and a major new retailer began to compete in a market formerly dominated by a single firm,  the company said in its appeal.

Before signing the Apple settlement, the states and consumers recovered a total of $166 million in separate accords with the publishers -- Hachette Book Group Inc., HarperCollins Publishers LLC, Simon & Schuster Inc., Pearson Plc s Penguin Group and the Macmillan unit of Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH.

The case is Apple v. United States, 15-565. Apple Inc - Mac ransomware downloaded about 6,500 times, Transmission rep says - Reuters News  Apple Inc - German regulator well suited to investigate Facebook - EU's Vestager - Reuters News  
2016-09-23
Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on an Amazon "Echo Killer" This is what I've been talking about. A few days after I suggested that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) make a Siri-powered speaker to directly challenge Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa-powered Echo, The Information reported that Apple was working on exactly that. Of course, this product has been in development for quite some time, so I won't pretend that I deserve any credit here.

Still, this is something that Apple needs to do if it wants to take its smart home strategy seriously. The Mac maker is emphasizing a handful of new smart home functionalities in iOS 10, so the company is clearly interested in having a larger presence there. This project is moving forward, according to Bloomberg.

It's in the pipeline

Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports that Apple's smart home device has now progressed past research and development and has now entered prototyping. Much like the Echo, this product is intended to help users control their smart homes and all those Internet-of-Things things.

The company may be looking to add differentiating features such as better microphone and speaker technology, and possibly even facial recognition. Apple did acquire Emotient earlier this year, a start-up that specializes in facial recognition in order to gauge people's emotions.

Apple is now testing the Siri speaker, but it's still quite possible that the company will shutter the project.

Developers, developers, developers

Apple is hard at work expanding Siri's functionalities, recently opening up the virtual assistant to third-party service integration. This is arguably where Amazon has the biggest advantage. Amazon foresaw the opportunity here and opened up Alexa to third-party developers last year, hoping to turn it into a new platform. For the most part, Amazon has made meaningful progress. Earlier this month, Amazon said the number of Skills that Alexa knows has tripled over the past three months, and Alexa can now perform over 3,000 Skills (including getting daily updates from The Motley Fool).

For now, Amazon has a lead in terms of third-party integrations. But Apple's army of developers dwarfs Amazon's (there is inevitably some overlap), and once Apple puts its efforts toward rallying these developers, it can potentially catch up in short order.

Since Echo is mostly a stand-alone device without a broader ecosystem, the potential switching costs aren't very high if consumers want to consider switching to whatever Apple is working on -- assuming it gets launched at some point. That is, unless the primary use case for Echo is actually ordering things on Amazon with voice commands (instead of all the third-party Skills), since Apple would probably never bring this function to a Siri speaker.

One thing is clear: Apple is still on the hunt for the next big thing. Whether that's the smartwatch, an electric car, or a virtual assistant for the smart home remains to be seen. NVIDIA Corporation Could Win Back the Apple Inc. Mac Over the past several years, graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) has worked to fundamentally transform its business mix. In particular, the company has focused on growing revenue in its gaming, professional visualization, data center, and automotive businesses -- what NVIDIA refers to as its "growth platforms."

These businesses have, in aggregate, grown from approximately 52% of the company's revenue in fiscal year 2013 to nearly 85% in fiscal 2016. This mix shift has been driven by both a substantial increase in revenue from these growth platforms ($2.220 billion in fiscal 2013 to $4.227 billion in fiscal year 2016) and a significant decline in what the company calls its "OEM and IP business."

The latter segment consists of royalty payments from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and sales of graphics processors into personal computers that aren't targeted at gaming applications. Since the company's fiscal year 2013, revenue in this segment has plunged from $2.06 billion to just $783 million.

Although NVIDIA has made it clear that it has de-emphasized its OEM business, it apparently hasn't completely given up on it. Indeed, it would appear that the graphics specialist may be trying to win back spots inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Mac products -- spots that it lost beginning with the late 2014 iMacs and mid-2015 15-inch MacBook Pro.

NVIDIA job listing points to Apple collaboration

NVIDIA posted the following job listing on its website about a week ago:

From the listing, we can see that NVIDIA is working on software to allow its graphics processors to function properly in future Mac products.

In light of this, I wouldn't be surprised to see Apple choose NVIDIA graphics processors for future iMacs, MacBook Pros, or both. That said, we can't really infer much about potential timing of NVIDIA's inclusion in future Mac products from this job listing, if the company's chips are ultimately selected.

What could this mean for investors?

In the past, NVIDIA has indicated that the graphics processors that it ships into OEM systems -- in other words, non-gaming -- tend to carry significantly lower average selling prices and gross profit margins than the graphics processors that it sells in its gaming, data center, and professional visualization businesses.

That being said, NVIDIA already spends the money to develop chips appropriate for such systems, so even if sales of these products serve to dilute overall gross profit margins, these products are still likely to positively contribute to both revenue and total gross and operating profit.

To put the potential unit opportunity into perspective, keep in mind that Apple shipped roughly 20.6 million Macs in its last fiscal year. If we assume that one-fourth of its total unit shipments utilize standalone graphics processors, then the potential opportunity at Apple for NVIDIA should be in the ballpark of 5.15 million units.

Furthermore, if we assume that the average selling price per unit in this segment is in the ballpark of $40, then the total yearly revenue opportunity at Apple could be around $200 million. Even winning back approximately half of that opportunity could contribute an additional $100 million to NVIDIA's top line. At, say, 35% gross profit margins , that would mean approximately $35 million in incremental operating profit for the company.

In fiscal year 2016, NVIDIA reported non-GAAP operating profit of $1.125 billion. An extra $35 million in operating income wouldn't be a financial game changer in that context, but it wouldn't be something to sneeze at, either. Why Apple Might Be Interested In Lit Motors  
2016-01-14
Will Apple Inc. Use This New Technology in a Future iPhone? Struggling graphics intellectual property vendor Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF), whose graphics processors power all of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) current iDevices, has been promoting a new family of graphics processors, known as PowerVR Wizard, for quite some time.

These graphics processors are very similar to the mainstream PowerVR processors (found inside the Apple A-series chips, as well as others), but with a key addition: They feature hardware dedicated to performing a type of 3D graphics rendering known as "ray tracing" in real time.

This technique, which is used fairly extensively in offline (i.e., not in real time) rendering applications, can deliver more realistic image quality compared to the traditional graphics rendering techniques. One major drawback, however, is that ray tracing is generally very computationally expensive.

Adding dedicated hardware to perform ray tracing should serve to alleviate that problem, however.

The question that I think the investment community should be asking, though, is whether Apple is likely to adopt this technology in future A-series processors or not.

Why does Apple matter so much?

Although it is true that Imagination provides graphics processor designs to chipmakers other than Apple, I don't believe that something like Imagination's PowerVR Wizard will be able to gain significant traction in non-iOS mobile devices.

In order to be able to take advantage of the ray tracing capabilities of the PowerVR Wizard graphics processors, game developers will likely need to add explicit support for the technology for certain rendering effects.

Given that Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and ARM Holdings (NASDAQ:ARMH) (via its major partners) ship the vast majority of total mobile-oriented graphics processors, it's hard to imagine that most Android game developers will want to put in the time and effort to support this technology that is proprietary to Imagination.

Apple, however, is different. It is the only vendor of iOS-based devices and its app ecosystem generates enough revenue for developers that if it adds an interesting new hardware feature, it might be worthwhile to some developers to take advantage of it.

However, just because adoption of this technology on iOS could be easier than on alternative platforms doesn't mean that developers will find going through the trouble of implementing it all that worthwhile, especially as traditional graphics processors become increasingly capable each year.

Imagination expects production deployments in two to three years

All in all, the PowerVR Wizard technology seems quite interesting, but it's not clear to me at this point that the technology will become popular enough to be the "game changer" that Imagination Technologies touts it to be.

The graphics IP vendor said in its most recent investor presentation that it is seeing "significant interest in licensing" for this technology and that it expects that products utilizing the technology will show up within the next two to three years.

Although I would like to see this technology -- or a similar technology from another graphics processor maker -- succeed as the image quality improvements could be quite nice, I remain skeptical that it will ultimately see widespread adoption by major clients in the mobile market.

Indeed, what makes things even more difficult for Imagination's PowerVR Wizard technology is that it faces the classic "chicken and egg" problem. Without deployments of the technology in high volumes, it will be hard to attract developer interest. And without developer interest, chipmakers may be hesitant to use this technology in place of more traditional graphics processors.

It will take a company like Apple, which controls both the hardware and software, to make Imagination's PowerVR Wizard technology a success. We'll see in two to three years' time -- when Imagination expects the technology to start rolling out in commercially available products -- whether Apple will hop on board. 
2016-03-19
The Added Complexity for Apple Inc. With Intel Inside the iPhone 7 Rumors that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will win a modem spot inside the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 have gained significant traction as of late. Although I still remain highly skeptical that this win is legitimate, the fact that a number of high-profile analysts think that it's a possibility -- assuming, of course, that they actually have sources within the supply chain and that this isn't just an example of an echo chamber -- lends credibility to the reports.

In this article, I'd like to illustrate the additional complexity and, frankly, the headache that Apple would have to deal with should it introduce models that use Intel modems.

More SKUs

Apple is expected to launch no fewer than three new iPhone models this fall: iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and a dual-lens version of the iPhone 7 Plus that's referred to as the iPhone Pro. It is likely that these three phones will share many components, with only a few differences between each.

Even with many shared internals, Apple's flagship iPhones typically offer consumers choice in the following areas:

Storage -- starting with the iPhone 6/6 Plus, Apple has offered three different storage tiers for its iPhones: 16 gigabyte, 64 gigabyte, and 128 gigabyte. A report a while back suggested that the larger iPhones will get a variant with even greater storage capacity, 256 gigabytes' worth.

-- starting with the iPhone 6/6 Plus, Apple has offered three different storage tiers for its iPhones: 16 gigabyte, 64 gigabyte, and 128 gigabyte. A report a while back suggested that the larger iPhones will get a variant with even greater storage capacity, 256 gigabytes' worth. Color -- beginning with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple started to offer up its phones in four color choices.

-- beginning with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple started to offer up its phones in four color choices. Size -- in 2014, Apple its flagship iPhones in two sizes: 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches.

In terms of trying to manage the builds of various models, things actually get quite complex. Three model choices (iPhone 7, 7 Plus, Pro), four color choices each, with three storage tiers for the vanilla iPhone 7 and potentially four for the iPhone 7 Plus/Pro mean potentially 12 different iPhone 7 (four colors multiplied by three storage tiers) SKUs and 32 iPhone 7 Plus/Pro SKUs (two camera choices, four color choices, and four storage tiers).

Interestingly with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, there are actually two more choices to be made; one set of iPhone 6s/6s Plus supports LTE band 30 while another doesn't. What's worth noting is that with the prior-generation iPhone 6/6 Plus, Apple sold SKUs with three different wireless configurations: one model without CDMA support, one with CDMA support but without TD-LTE support, and one with both CDMA and TD-LTE.

Apple was able to simplify its product stack fairly significantly by moving from three wireless configurations to just two with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

If Intel were to enter Apple's supply chain, it would only be able to supply a variant of the iPhone 7/7 Plus/Pro targeted at regions/carriers that do not require CDMA.

Where's the value here?

In my view, Intel has the inferior modem (lack of CDMA, lower peak upload/download speeds, and built on an inferior manufacturing technology), so using an Intel modem wouldn't bring any technological value to the iPhone; it would serve to fragment the product line further, buyers stuck with the Intel models would not have the freedom to switch to carriers that require CDMA, and Apple sees additional complexity in its supply chain.

It seems like it would be a mess.

However, there could be some strategic benefit here. In particular, if Apple is to use Intel for the iPhone 7, then this would help to keep Intel interested and, ultimately, viable in the market for stand-alone modems. It is in Apple's best interests to have multiple capable suppliers vying for the iDevice maker's orders -- mainly to ensure Apple can get good prices and isn't beholden to a single supplier.

Whether this will ultimately play out or not, we'll find out in about six months when the first tear-down reports of the iPhone 7/7 Plus/Pro hit the Web. 
2016-10-28
Apple, Inc. Is Building a SWAT Team There's seemingly no limit to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) chip ambitions. Just when we thought the company was branching out enough, it can't seem to stop introducing new proprietary designs for its silicon.

There was the S1 that debuted in the Apple Watch last year, followed by the S2 for Apple Watch Series 2. The delayed AirPods feature a W1 to deliver wireless connectivity alongside audio playback. All of this is concurrent with the primary A series of mobile processors, which will likely start seeing deeper integration of graphics technology as well.

Well, say hello to the Apple T1.

"T" stands for "Touch"

For the first time ever, Apple is bringing Touch ID to the Mac, which I've been asking about for over a year. It's not as if this wasn't obvious, either. After debuting on the iPhone, Touch ID was always destined to make its way to the rest of the lineup; it was just a matter of when. Now that the new MacBook Pro is getting Touch ID, it's also just a matter of time before it penetrates the rest of the Mac lineup, potentially with a desktop accessory that includes a Touch Bar and Touch ID at some point on the horizon.

When Apple first introduced Touch ID, it went to great pains to emphasize the security of fingerprint data. All fingerprint information would be stored locally on the iPhone in what Apple called a "Secure Enclave." This was actually a fairly commoditized off-the-shelf part developed by ARM, but that didn't stop Apple's marketing department. But now Apple has seemingly actually customized the design for its own purposes, and rebranded a new T1 chip that handles Touch ID and the secure enclave.

Don't be surprised if Apple brings the T1 to other devices in the years ahead, including future iPhones and iPads.

This trend won't stop

As usual, Apple didn't disclose much on the technical front. The company instead referred to the new brand in passing, and we'll have to wait for tech teardowns to learn more about the silicon itself.

The most important thing here is that Apple's chip ambitions are only getting greater. That's three new sub-families of chips -- S, W, and T -- that we've seen just over the past two years that Apple has designed, each with a specific purpose within the lineup. Eventually, it seems that Apple will continue this ongoing expansion, and its products may eventually consist of a wide range of Apple-designed semiconductors. Longer-term, that potentially poses a threat to various suppliers, since Apple is signaling that it wants to do as much as possible in-house. There will always be functions beyond Apple's expertise, but suppliers that provide lower-level functions better watch out.

The most current generation of these chips is now the A10 Fusion, S2, W1, and now T1. When you include Apple's A chips, maybe it's not a coincidence that we get S-W-A-T, given the tactical nature of the company's aspirations. Apple Inc. Stock Skids Again After Mac Event (AAPL) Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) stock has been riding on the iPhone for years now, and analysts are beginning to stop seeing the company and its products as innovative and start seeing them as just good enough to hold up the stock.

Thursday as the company unveils the new MacBook Pro, drawing comparisons with the 15-year old PowerBook in the process, it s starting to look a little less shiny next to the new Microsoft Corporation ( MSFT ) Surface Studio.

Apple stock is starting to look less shiny too as investors may be starting to question whether the brainwashed masses will continue to prefer iPhones and MacBooks over other products.

Apple Stock s Future Hangs on Faith

Finding analysts who will openly admit to being bearish on Apple stock is like looking for a needle in a haystack, but BGC analyst Colin Gillis fits the bill. He is one of the few with a  Sell  rating on the stock and a bearish price target of $85 per share. The company picked up a downgrade on Wednesday following its last earnings report, even as other firms raised their price targets.

However, CNBC s Jim Cramer called out the analysts who participated in Apple s earnings call for what he said looked like a lack of faith in the company and CEO Tim Cook.

In his follow-up report to investors after the iPhone maker s earnings release, Gills queried:  How much faith do you have that unannounced products will drive revenue growth? 

He went on to list several things about the Apple story that he now questions.

For example, the company s China sales plunged again during the September quarter, leaving him wondering whether there will ever be a recovery there.

Also India is seen as a backup for China, but seeing as China isn t embracing Apple anymore, India might not either. Gillis also questions whether the surge in demand for next year s tenth anniversary iPhone will actually occur as so many are expecting.

There s even more to Gillis s concerns 

Next Page Apple, Electrolux Raise UK Prices in Brexit Christmas Pinch Everything You Need to Know About Apple's MacBook Event

The Brexit squeeze on U.K. consumers tightened on Friday as Apple Inc. and Electrolux AB responded to the falling pound by charging more for their products in Britain.

Apple quietly raised the cost of some of its machines including the  Mac Pro  by 20 percent overnight, while Sweden s Electrolux said it s boosting the prices of its home appliances by 10 percent.

With inflation already accelerating at the fastest in two years, price pressures are likely to mount as the weakest pound in three decades forces up the cost of imports just weeks before Christmas. The price hikes came days after  Marmitegate  saw supermarket Tesco Plc battle with supplier Unilever over the cost of goods and Microsoft Corp. began charging Britons more for some of its software.

 We will see more price increases, possibly more at the higher end of the market, and we ll see a significant squeeze on real incomes and then we ll see how it plays out,  said Kit Juckes, a London-based strategist at Societe Generale SA.

Apple began charging 2,999 pounds ($3,650) for its  Mac Pro  desktop machine, up from 2,499 pounds earlier in the week. The  Mac Mini  now retails at 479 pounds compared to 399 pounds. The U.S. prices for the Mac Mini and Mac Pro haven t been changed.

Phone Bill

 Apple suggests product prices internationally on the basis of several factors, including currency exchange rates, local import laws, business practices, taxes, and the cost of doing business,  an Apple spokesman said in a statement.  These factors vary from region to region and over time, such that international prices are not always comparable to U.S. suggested retail prices. 

Electrolux Chief Executive Officer Jonas Samuelson said in a telephone interview that  we need to compensate  for the cheaper pound by raising prices of its goods such as fridges and washing machines.

Separately, British Airways owner IAG SA blamed the pound as it cut its earnings outlook for the second time since the Brexit vote. Wm Morrison Supermarkets Plc also said today it had raised the price of Marmite, Unilever s iconic savory spread at the center of the recent price war with Tesco, by 12.5 percent, blaming increased costs.

Brexit Vote

The pound has dropped about 18 percent against the dollar since the U.K. voters chose in June to leave the European Union, making it the worst performing major currency this year.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

That slump is starting to feed through via import prices with some economists forecasting consumer price inflation could reach 3 percent next year, a level not seen in the U.K. since 2012 and above the Bank of England s 2 percent target. BOE Governor Mark Carney this week said there are limits to policy makers  willingness to look through an inflation overshoot and that he is not indifferent to sterling s slide.

The economic cost of higher prices and a weaker sterling was on display Friday in three separate reports from GfK, YouGov and Asda, which all cited the cheaper pound as weighing on consumer sentiment.

The Asda income tracker showed U.K. families  discretionary income increased by 9 pounds ($11) in September from a year earlier, the first time since October 2014 that consumers haven t seen double-digit growth. A gauge of confidence published by GfK decreased by 2 points to minus 3 in October.

One government official this week told British consumers to brace for higher prices.

 We have had Marmageddon,  Mark Garnier, the U.K. s trade minister, said in an interview.  Consumers are going to start to see rising prices and there s nothing we can do about that. That was a well-predicted effect of Brexit. The point was very clearly made by everybody: Brexit could easily result in a slump in the value of sterling. That has transpired.  Top Analyst Roundup: Who's Bullish on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Bearish on Twitter ... The tech-verse is rumbling with news as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) had a grand unveiling for its latest additions to the MacBook Pro family and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) beat the Street in its third financial quarter. See what two of Wall Street s top analysts are saying about why Apple remains a top pick and why despite the beat things look a little less bright for Twitter:

Apple Inc.

Yesterday afternoon, Apple hosted a special event where the tech titan unveiled three new MacBook Pros and introduced a fresh feature deemed Touch Bar that is now an element in these upgraded models. The most recent members joining the MacBook Pro family come in the customary silver shade, but also in a new space gray option. Additionally, the  Apple TV ecosystem  will include a  TV  app to its claim. Furthermore, Touch ID, for log in and Apple Pay, has been brought over to the Mac side.

In reaction, top analyst Brian White at Drexel Hamilton believes that  the MacBook Pro family as long overdue for an upgrade  and commends the redesign for  being thinner, lighter and delivering better performance.  As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AAPL with a $185 price target, which represents a 62% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

The analyst asserts,  The biggest innovation of this launch was the introduction of Touch Bar that is embedded in two of the new MacBook Pro models. We believe Touch Bar is a good example of how Apple s financial resources and innovation can differentiate it from competitors. Essentially, Touch Bar replaces the antiquated function keys of the past with a multi-touch Retina Display above the keyboard, changing based on what the user is doing. 

 Apple remains our top pick for H2:2016 given our view that the sales, profit and iPhone cycle have bottomed, while valuation remains depressed and we expect the iPhone 7 cycle will return the iPhone franchise to growth,  White contends.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Brian White has achieved a high ranking of #88 out of 4,188 analysts. White upholds a 58% success rate and garners 8.8% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, White earns 19.9% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 28 rate a Buy on AAPL, 5 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $130.47, marking a nearly 14% upside from where the shares last closed.

Twitter Inc

Last evening, Twitter posted an earnings beat for its third-quarter that shows the social networking giant is  eyeing profitability.  Yet, top analyst Mark Mahaney at RBC Capital remains bearish on the company s long-term prospects as  growth continues to fall  and therefore reiterates an Underperform rating on TWTR with a price target of $14, which represents just under a 20% downside from where the shares last closed.

TWTR brought in revenue of $616MM that outclassed the Street s $604MM, which Mahaney notes  importantly  is coupled with ad revenues of $545MM above estimates of $536MM. Meanwhile, TWTR s adjusted EBITDA of $181MM denotes a better-than-anticipated 29% margin, hitting ahead of the Street s $150MM.

With regards to TWTR s monthly active users (MAUs) and daily active users (DAUs), the company posted 317MM, topping the Street s estimate of 316MM as the U.S. jumped from 1MM to 67MM and internationally, users increased 3MM. However, ad revenue growth continues its sharp, downward spiral,  now down to single digits,  compared to 56% growth back in 2015.

Management s implied revenue guidance for fourth quarter of $733 to $741MM fell 2% under consensus at the mid-point, with EBITDA of $163 to $178MM falling 13% under consensus. The analyst adds,  Mgmt noted uncertainty going into Q4 as they restructure their sales force and reduce headcount by 9%.  Fourth quarter guidance also projects even greater ad revenue deceleration.

Subsequently, Mahaney has reduced his 2017 revenue 7% to $2.7 billion and his EBITDA projection is lowered 6% to $796MM.

Mahaney opines,  Accelerating growth in DAUs, Tweet impressions & time spent were a positive; while a 9% RIF was a negative. 

One of the analyst s largest concerns is a clear lack of clarity for  when/if product/UI changes can sustainably stabilize or reaccelerate User & Usage.  Thus far, Mahaney s channel checks and survey research are not offering  convincing evidence  that a significant enough amount of advertisers will invest  meaningful $s. 

 Twitter believes it can command premium ad pricing, but its dramatic Ad Rev deceleration doesn t support that. We have believed that Twitter s lack of real-time commercial intent (a la Google) and detailed, authentic profiles (a la FB) will eventually limit growth. That is clearly happening now   we see mid-single digit revenue growth for TWTR in Q4 and  17,  Mahaney concludes.

Mark Mahaney has a very good TipRanks score with a 69% success rate and he stands at #3 out of 4,188 on the analyst leaderboard. Mahaney realizes 19.9% in his yearly returns. When suggesting TWTR, Mahaney yields 5.9% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate TWTR as a Hold. Based on 24 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 3 rate a Buy on TWTR, 14 maintain a Hold, while 7 issue a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $17.09, marking a nearly 2% downside from where the stock is currently trading. 
2016-04-11
Will Apple, Inc.'s Smartwatch Sales Decline This Year? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is well known for its success with launching products -- particularly since it introduced the iMac. The iMac, iPod, iPhone, and iPad all turned out to be important -- and in some cases, revolutionary -- product categories. Further, each product category subsequently contributed significantly to the company's bottom line in the years following their introductions.

But what about Apple's 2015-launched Apple Watch?

One well-known Apple analyst, KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo, is predicting (via MacRumors) the product category's underwhelming start in 2015 continue into 2016. Indeed, he's expecting Apple Watch sales to decline this year.

Here's Kuo's reasoning.

How Apple Watch sales could decline

"Apple Watch shipments will decline more than 25 percent year-over-year in comparison to 2015, according to a new research note issued by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo," wrote MacRumors' Mitchel Broussard on Monday.

Apple doesn't report Apple Watch unit sales. But an ongoing analysis of the company's Other Products category -- which recognizes Apple Watch revenue in addition to revenue from Apple TV, Beats Products, iPod, and more -- led Kuo to estimate the company's 2015 Apple Watch shipments at about 10.6 million units. For 2016, he predicts Apple will ship about 7.5 million units.

Kuo cites a couple of reasons for predicting a decline in Apple Watch sales in 2016.

1. Launch timing. Perhaps most important for investors to understand about Kuo's prediction is his expected decline is heavily influenced by his expectations for the timing of an Apple Watch launch. The Apple Watch 2 will launch alongside the iPhone 7 this fall, he predicts. Since the first Apple Watch was available for purchase in April of 2015, the year-over-year availability for a new model will be at a significant disadvantage if Kuo's timeline for a 2016 Apple Watch launch is correct. If the Apple Watch were launched in the fall instead of in April, the company wouldn't have as much time to sell as many of the new versions of Apple Watch as it had in the prior year, making a year-over-year comparison tough.

2. Product specs. Kuo doesn't expect the version of Apple Watch unveiled this year to be significantly better than the first Apple Watch -- at least not when it comes to form factor. Mainly, Kuo only expects improvements to the device's internals "and possibly minor form factor changes," wrote Broussard about Kuo's expectations. A more extensive refresh won't come until 2017, according to Kuo.

Does Apple Watch matter?

For now, Apple Watch continues to represent a very small portion of Apple's business, making it fairly unimportant to the company's results. Indeed, Apple stock arguably prices in very little -- if any -- growth across the company's entire business in the coming years. If Apple Watch takes off, then, it would mostly be a bonus for Apple shareholders.

Currently, Apple's "other products" segment represents just 5.7% of the company's total revenue, but it's worth noting that the category is growing quickly -- and this is likely attributable mostly to Apple Watch.

Revenue from other products was up 62% in Apple's most recent quarter compared to the year-ago quarter, but if Apple Watch sales taper off ahead of a fall launch for a new version of the device, this segment's growth could stall.

Longer term, Apple shareholders are likely hoping the segment could grow to become important to the company's bottom line -- even if the stock might not price in such a scenario. An outcome like this could help the stock outperform the overall stock market over the next five years. But if Kuo is right about his prediction for the device's 2016 sales, could the category be less helpful in growing the company's revenue over the long haul than investors are hoping for? Better Buy: Apple, Inc. vs. IBM With their stocks falling 8% and 14%, respectively, during the past year, two of the most established names in tech -- International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM), or IBM, and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) -- are trading at very conservative valuations. Which is a better buy? Even more, are they both a buy?

Growth

Looking at the two companies' recent growth, Apple easily stands out from IBM as the faster-growing company. In the trailing-12-month period, Apple's revenue and EPS jumped 18% and 27%, respectively. Meanwhile, IBM's revenue and EPS declined 12% and 13%, respectively, during the same period.

But the playing field levels out a bit when you look at the two company's current outlook for growth. IBM's full-year outlook for flat EPS growth, and Apple's expectations for current quarter revenue to decline from $58 billion in the year-ago quarter to $50 to $53 billion, highlight both company's challenges with growth in the near term.

Longer-term, which company could grow faster? Apple's recent rapid growth at lesast demonstrates it has the ability to grow significantly. But given how concentrated and volatile Apple's product portfolio is, there's more risk to revenue and EPS if one of its key product segments -- particularly its iPhone segment, which accounts for well over 60% of revenue -- faces headwinds. So, when it comes to analyzing both company's growth potential, it's really a question of choosing between IBM's steadier and more predictable business model and Apple's potentially significant growth paired with more uncertainty.

Valuation

Both IBM and Apple have characteristics of a "cheap" stock. The quickest way to illustrate the market's underwhelming expectations for their growth is with their price-to-earnings rations of 11.1 and 11.6, respectively, at the time of this writing. Similarly, their price-to-free cash flow ratios highlight investors conservatism toward their business prospects; IBM and Apple's price-to-free cash flow ratios are 11.1 and 9.6, respectively.

Looking at price-to-earnings and price-to-free cash flow ratios, neither Apple or IBM has a clear edge on the other. But as soon as you turn to the two companies' balance sheets, Apple's war chest begins to give it an advantage. Bolstered by its cash, Apple's price-to-book ratio is just 4.7. This compares to IBM's at 10.1.

It's no secret that Apple has built up an enormous chunk of cash on its balance sheet. The company ended its fiscal first quarter with a whopping $215.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. In other words, for every dollar of market capitalization, Apple has $0.35 in cash on its balance sheet.

Overall, Apple's heady balance sheet combined with its conservative valuation gives the tech giant a slight edge in valuation.

Buy both stocks?

When combining the two company's growth prospects and the premiums, or -- more accurately -- the lack or premiums -- the market is awarding them with, I'd dub Apple the better bet between the two. That said, as two established in their respective markets with brands, products, and services that are here to stay for years to come, both Apple and IBM appear to be attractive stocks at their current valuations.

For reference, the average price-to-earnings ratio of stocks in the S&P 500 index is 23.6 at the time of this writing. This puts market-leading IBM and Apple, with their price-to-earnings ratios at less than half of this level, in a whole different ball game than most of their peers in the index. 
2016-03-21
Would Benjamin Graham Consider Apple Inc. a Value Stock? It might seem odd to put the words Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and "value stock" in the same sentence, especially with the meteoric growth it has experienced over the past decade. Yet as growth has slowed, and the stock has underperformed the market and its peers, it makes sense to see how it stacks up as a value investment. What better way to determine this than to go back to the father of value investing himself?

The quick and dirty method

Benjamin Graham loved to buy securities that were underpriced compared to their estimated intrinsic value. Graham had a relatively simple equation to do a quick sniff test to see if a stock had potential as a value investment. Often referred to as the Ben Graham Formula, it is as follows:

The intrinsic value of a stock = Trailing-12-Month EPS * [8.5 + (2 * EPS Growth Rate)] * (4.4/AAA Bond Yield)

It's a bit confusing at first, so let's break it down. The 8.5 figure is a number Graham used as a multiple of earnings he was willing to pay for a company with zero growth, which he then adjusts by the expected long-term growth rate. The 4.4 is the minimum rate of return Graham required, as it was the average yield of high-grade corporate bonds in the '60s when he introduced the formula. Dividing by the current AAA bond yield adjusts this to the present.

For Apple, the trailing-12-month EPS is $9.40; analysts are expecting the next five-year EPS growth rate will be close to 12%. Triple-A bonds are currently yielding 3.9%, but using a long-term average, especially in today's low interest rate environment, is safer. The average AAA corporate bond yield going back to 1919 is approximately 6%.

Doing the math gives us a whopping stock value of $345 per share! Is Apple really that undervalued, or are we missing something? First, the formula is very sensitive to the expected growth rate. Ideally you want to use as long of a growth rate as possible, such as 10-year forecasts, but Wall Street analysts typically only go out five years. If we assume long-term growth is closer to 6%, which is closer to what the smartphone market will be slowing down to, then the value declines to $217 per share -- but that's still a large undervaluation.

Second, the 8.5 number and multiplying the growth rate by 2 is somewhat arbitrary. Some value investors prefer to adjust these numbers to something more conservative, such as 7 times for a stock with zero growth, and only multiply the growth factor by 1.5 instead of 2. Doing this would result in a value of $170 per share. So even after being more conservative, Apple still looks cheap according to Graham's formula.

The Graham checklist

Perhaps a better sense of whether Apple passes the value test is to stack it up against Graham's 10-point checklist. If you are unfamiliar with the 10-point checklist and some of the caveats, you can review it in an earlier Foolish article.

The first five points of the checklist look to see if the stock is a good value and underpriced, while the second half of the checklist makes sure you are not buying a company that is circling the drain or overleveraged and at risk of bankruptcy.

An earnings-to-price yield at least twice the AAA bond rate. An earnings-to-price yield is exactly what it sounds like -- the inverse of the P/E ratio. Apple passes this one as its current P/E of 10.9 is equivalent to an E/P of 9.2%, more than double the current AAA bond yield of 3.9%. P/E ratio of less than 40% of the highest P/E ratio the stock has had over the past five years. Apple had a P/E ratio of near 20 times five years ago, so its current ratio of 10.9 is 55% of that high, not quite reaching the 40% threshold. Dividend yield of at least two-thirds the AAA bond yield. Apple falls a bit short on this one as well, with a dividend yield of 2.1%, which is 54% of the current AAA bond yield of 3.9%. Stock price below two-thirds of tangible book value per share. A big miss here, as Apple's regular book value is a quarter of its share price. Granted, this metric doesn't work well for tech stocks or companies with massive brand capital. Items 5 and 8 on the list deal with net current asset value (current assets less total liabilities). This one also doesn't work well for today's tech stocks, and it really doesn't work for Apple as most of its massive cash hoard is classified as a long-term asset. Because of this we get a negative value when trying to calculate this metric. Note that very few companies pass this criterion these days. Total debt less than book value. Even though Apple has utilized the debt markets a number of times, its total debt of $63 billion is well below its book value of $128 billion. Current ratio greater than 2. If you look this up you will find Apple's is 1.0 for the most recent quarter, but this also falls victim to the fact its massive cash hoard is classified as long-term investments. If we include this cash, the current ratio is a very safe 3.3. See item number 5. Earnings growth of at least 7% in the past 10 years. You might have to have been living under a rock to not notice the massive earnings growth Apple put up over the last decade. No more than two years of declining earnings of 5% or more over the past decade. Check! However, Apple did have one year -- a 10% decline in 2013.

How did Apple do? For the first half of the checklist Apple only hit one valuation metric, but wasn't too far away from No. 2 and 3. This falls in line with a stock that seems attractive, but may not be at a rock-bottom price.

However, this is countered by the company's financial health and earnings stability. Most companies that look like a steal are priced that way for a reason, so Graham wanted to make sure people didn't fall into a value trap. Criteria 4, 5, and 8 should either be discounted or updated for today's world and tech stocks.

Overall, I think Apple would certainly show up on Graham's radar today. It might not be a dirt cheap bargain, but remember that even Graham distinguished between "defensive" investors and "enterprising" investors. Based on some of his metrics, it appears Apple could be a great play for an enterprising investor. But as always, these are only guidelines to help, and more homework should always be done. Refuting an Unfair View of Intel Corp.'s Potential Apple Inc. iPhone Win Regular readers of my columns are quite aware of my frustration with Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) execution in the world cellular modems and smartphone applications processors. Even as rumors swirl that the chip giant's struggling modem business is set to reel in a big fish in the form of as much as 40% of the modem spots in the upcoming Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone, I remain skeptical of such a win for what I believe to be good technical reasons.

Nevertheless, despite this frustration and skepticism, I cannot help but view recent comments around this potential win from analyst Chris Danely as, frankly, unfair.

Danely thinks that this will contribute nothing to earnings per share

According to Danely, this business "would contribute zero [earnings per share] due to 0% or worse operating margins."

I just can't see his reasoning here.

Intel has already sunk the research and development dollars associated with brining to life its XMM 7360 (the modem that Apple would use if it were to choose an Intel part) and has indicated that it will continue to invest in a modem roadmap. There is likely to be minimal additional/special investment on the modem technology front associated with a potential Apple iPhone win.

Since the vast majority of the research and development spending on Intel's modems has already been spent and would likely have been spent with or without Apple, it doesn't make sense to say this would not contribute to earnings per share.

In fact, the only realistic scenario in which I could see this product having a "zero" contribution to earnings per share would be if Intel is handing the modems over to Apple virtually at manufacturing cost. Given Intel's big focus on trying to improve the profitability of its mobile efforts, "giving modems away" doesn't seem to fit in with the company's current strategy.

I continue to believe that if Intel wins this deal, I expect it to be accretive to gross profit and ultimately to net income.

Danely's argument around foundry seems strange

In the same note, Danely apparently claims that Intel would be better served trying to penetrate the mobile/wireless market via foundry. On the surface, this seems reasonable, but in reality this is a strategy that is unlikely to work.

The major foundries -- TSMC (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) -- are already shipping superior products than what Intel has managed to build on its own manufacturing processes for the smartphone and tablet markets.

To be quite blunt, Intel does not have a track record as a third party foundry. Intel ended up outright buying its highest-profile foundry customer which, as we've recently learned, has seen significant delays in completing the design of its first Intel-built FPGA.

Until investors see a lucrative, high-volume foundry win for Intel, it doesn't seem prudent to assume that Intel could just waltz in and easily win foundry business. Even former Intel foundry Chief Sunit Rikhi indicated in an interview with Semiconductor Engineering that having compelling technology gets the chipmaker seats at the discussion table but doesn't necessarily mean that it will "walk away with contracts."

We'll see how this plays out

I'm not convinced that Intel has even won the iPhone 7 and look forward to tear-downs to see whether it won the spot or not. However, if Intel has won, I am confident that it will be positive -- even if just slightly -- for the chip-maker, not negative or neutral. 
2016-07-29
Apple Inc. Confirms PC Market Share Loss A little while back, research firm IDC reported that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had lost market share in the personal computer market last quarter. On the company's July 26 earnings call, management gave figures that appear to corroborate that report.

According to Apple CFO Luca Maestri, the Mac maker shipped just 4.3 million Macs during its fiscal third quarter, a decline of 10.42% from the year prior. If we assume IDC's report that worldwide personal computer sales dropped just 4.5% in the most recent quarter is correct (Apple cited IDC's figures, so they're probably correct), it's obvious that Apple lost unit share.

Apple's explanation for this drop

"In addition to the overall market slowdown, we faced a very difficult [comparison] to the year-ago quarter," Maestri explained to investors.

He elaborated further, noting that in the prior-year period, Apple introduced both a new MacBook Pro as well as a new iMac. It would seem that the company's introduction of the updated 12-inch MacBook back in April wasn't enough to give overall Mac sales a boost.

Apple should be able to regain share with updated products

It has been a long time since Apple put out meaningful refreshes of either its higher-end MacBook Pro or its more mainstream MacBook Air lineup.

The 2015 MacBook Pro refreshes were rather modest, with the addition of the Force Touch track pad being the most visible change.

In contrast, Apple's competitors in the Windows PC market have been quite aggressive in consistently bringing out new systems with many new features (though not all of those features have been useful).

The bad news is that until Apple is able to get new products out, it risks seeing these aggressive Windows PC players further eating into its market share.

The good news for Apple, though, is that once it finally rolls out substantially improved Macs, it should be in a good position to both regain lost share and encourage its current installed base (which Maestri says grew to "a new all-time high at the end of the June quarter") to ditch their old Macs for newer, better ones.

New Macs may be coming soon

Maestri told investors that the company ended the prior quarter with Mac channel inventories below the company's "four-week to five-week target range." The fact that the company managed channel inventory levels so lean (Apple probably could have shipped more Macs during the quarter while still maintaining healthy channel inventory levels) seems to suggest that new Macs will arrive fairly shortly.

This year, I expect Apple to update its MacBook Pro lineup to use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) newer Skylake-based processors. It's not clear if the MacBook Air lineup has a future at this point, but if it does, I would also expect those products to see upgrades to Skylake processors as well.

The current iMacs are also likely due for upgrades. I expect that the 21.5-inch iMac with Retina 4K display will see an upgrade from Intel's Broadwell processor family to Skylake, which should bring enhancements in both CPU performance as well as in graphics.

The 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display could also see an upgrade to new discrete graphics processors as well as Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake processor family.

If Apple releases upgraded Mac products across the board, from notebooks to desktops, then its Mac business could be well positioned for multiple quarters of solid growth and share gains. Apple: Cirrus Earnings Bullish For IPhone 7  Apple Inc. (AAPL) Seals $7 Billion Bond Sale Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has filed a final pricing term sheet which reveals that the company raised $7 billion in debt via a five-part bond sale.

The sale involved both fixed and floating rate notes, according to the sheet filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) this Friday. The sale was underwritten by J.P. Morgan Securities, Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank Securities, MLPF&S, and others.

Five-part bond sale finalized

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has sold notes consisting of $350 million maturing in 2019 with a floating interest rate based on three month LIBOR plus 14 basis points, $1.15 billion maturing in 2019 with a fixed 1.1% interest rate, $1.25 billion maturing in 2021 with a fixed 1.55% interest rate, $2.25 billion maturing in 2026 with a fixed 2.45% interest rate and $2 billion maturing in 2046 with a fixed 3.85% interest rate.

As of the third fiscal quarter Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) held $231.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, with $68.9 billion in long-term debt. However a large proportion of that money is currently held outside of the United States and repatriation would incur a big U.S. tax bill.

The bond sale allows Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to pay for its U.S. business more cheaply. This is particularly true when you consider the company s low-risk Aa1/AA+ bond credit rating.

AAPL makes third bond sale of 2016

It is thought that the company will use the capital to pay dividends to shareholders and fund its share buyback initiative. The latter was boosted to $175 billion this April, with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) predicting that its capital return program will stretch to $250 billion by the end of March 2018.

 They ve become very accustomed to coming to market,  said Jody Lurie, a credit analyst at Janney Montgomery Scott.  While it s still notable, they still have the AA ratings and there are a lot of investors who want or need to own the bonds for various reasons, it doesn t have the same level of allure. 

However Lurie admits that the higher-quality rating enjoyed by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), coupled with hunger for bonds among investors, allows the company to borrow at lower rates. The analyst believes that some people will sell older debt in the company in order to invest in the new set of more liquid securities. 
2016-07-28
Apple Hires BlackBerry Talent With Car Project Turning to Self-Driving Software Apple Inc. has hired the former head of BlackBerry Ltd. s automotive software division as new leadership at the iPhone-maker s car team places increased emphasis on developing self-driving technology, according to people familiar with the project.

Dan Dodge, the founder and former chief executive officer of QNX, the operating system developer that BlackBerry acquired in 2010, joined Apple earlier this year, the people said. He is part of a team headed by Bob Mansfield, who, since taking over leadership of the cars initiative -- dubbed Project Titan -- has heralded a shift in strategy, according to a person familiar with the plan.

The initiative is now prioritizing the development of an autonomous driving system, though it s not abandoning efforts to design its own vehicle. That leaves options open should the company eventually decide to partner with or acquire an established car maker, rather than build a car itself. An Apple spokesman declined to comment.

QuickTake Apple's Next Act

Apple has hundreds of engineers working on car design and has been targeting a release as soon as 2020. That goal has been affected by multiple departures, technical delays and confusion regarding the direction of the project, according to people with knowledge of the efforts.

Tapering demand for the iPhone, which accounts for more than half of Apple s sales, has emphasized the importance of new sources of revenue. Research and development spending jumped by more than a quarter to $2.6 billion in the three months through June compared with a year earlier.

To read more about the merging worlds of technology and cars, click here

 The products that are in R&D, there is quite a bit of investment in there for products and services that are not currently shipping or derivations of what is currently shipping,  Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in a conference call to discuss earnings Tuesday.  There s a lot of stuff that we re doing beyond the current products. 

Direct Report

Mansfield answers directly to Cook, unlike his predecessor Steve Zadesky, who reported to hardware chief Dan Riccio, who in turn reported to Cook. Mansfield s division comprises three pillars led by Apple veterans: a software team under John Wright; a sensors group headed by Benjamin Lyon; and a unit of hardware engineers led by D.J. Novotney.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Dodge, who is part of Wright s group, co-founded QNX in 1980 as a student at the University of Waterloo in Canada. The company was sold to Harman International Industries Inc. in 2004 and subsequently acquired by BlackBerry in 2010. QNX developed BlackBerry s latest proprietary mobile operating system, which it still uses in some of its smartphones. It also makes the entertainment, navigation and connected-device system used by Volkswagen AG, Daimler AG, Ford Motor Co. and others. Dodge left QNX in December, according to his LinkedIn profile.

Canada Facility

Apple is opening a research and development center near QNX s headquarters in the Ottawa suburb of Kanata, the Ottawa Citizen reported earlier this year. Just as Apple opened an office in Boston to tap the area s wealth of speech recognition experts, the Kanata office could give it better access to the town s pool of automotive software talent.

As it forges ahead with a dual track that could still result in building its own car, Apple has continued to raid auto companies for engineers with expertise in designing vehicle manufacturing systems, and has hired two Ford engineers in the past year with experience building aluminum-bodied vehicles.

Todd Gray came to Apple in May from Ford, where he built the systems used to manufacture the aluminum body of the F-150 truck. He joined fellow Ford alumna Aindrea Campbell, who was a manager in the body construction engineering team and previously headed a group which researched lightweight materials used in vehicles including the F-150. She joined Apple in September. The Great Apple Inc. (AAPL) Revenue Illusion? Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) experienced their second-biggest one-day rally on Wednesday after the company announced its quarterly results. Most people looking at the stock s soaring price believe everything here is awesome.

However, what I see is blatant manipulation by Apple s management and market insiders.

Most people who casually follow the market don t understand the games played by companies and market insiders.

You see, even though Apple stock closed up 6.5% yesterday, the only thing that really matters for the company is in steep decline 

The thing I pay most attention to when I buy a stock is the company s sales. The firm s revenue is the foundation of any operating company. If you have no sales, you can t have profits. If you have no sales, you can t have cash flow. And if you have no sales, you have no customers.

When determining whether to buy a company s stock, the first thing I m looking at is sales.

From my experience, I can tell you that most company management teams hesitate to manipulate sales. It s a bit harder to do, and bean counters can tell pretty quickly if a company is misstating its sales.

However, it s incredibly easy to manipulate profits or earnings. Many companies invent their own ways to state their profits. It s what I call  everything but the bad stuff  accounting.

Apple Earnings Smoke and Mirrors

With Wall Street s preference for accounting shenanigans and sleight of hand in mind, let s look at Apple.

Overall, Apple reported that sales were down 15%. The company s main source of sales   iPhones   was down 23%. What s more, sales in China   which used to be Apple s fastest-growing market   were down 29%. And sales in the Americas   Apple s largest geographic market   were down 6%.

The only sales number where Apple is seeing growth is in services, which was up 19%. It s no wonder then that CEO Tim Cook used the word  services  eight times in his opening remarks.

However, services represent just $6 billion, or 14% of total Apple sales of $42.3 billion. Truth is, Apple s services division will never be big enough to offset the massive decline in growth in iPhones.

In my experience, the combination of Apple s massive sales decline and the fact that Apple CEO Cook is highlighting  services  is the kind of manipulation that tells me a stock is going to fall.

Don t Get Suckered by Wall Street

We have a company that is facing declining sales growth across the board, and yet the shares spiked sharply higher in trading. How could that happen?

It s an instance of Wall Street crooks trying to get you to buy stock that they are trying to dump.

You see, they know that most people won t read Apple s financial statements to find out that its business is in decline. However, they know that everyone will read in the news today and tomorrow that Apple s stock is up.

And these Wall Street crooks know that they ll get most people to hold on to their stock instead of selling it. The sharp rebound will also interest others in buying shares.

Once they get these suckers in, Apple s stock will resume the downtrend it started in April 2015 when it peaked at $131.

If you re shocked, you shouldn t be. Wall Street and company management teams play games like this all the time. It s why Apple is one of the companies in my 3 Ticking Time Bombs to Avoid special report that you can read here.

If you re looking to take advantage of the growth happening within the tech sector, there are better stocks out there than Apple, and I ll be keeping you locked in to those opportunities. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Earnings Highlight: What Brean Capital Is Saying Brean Capital analyst Ananda Baruah weighs in on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) following its third quarter results. The tech giant just reported revenue for its third financial quarter of the fiscal year of $42.4 billion with earnings per share of $1.42. These results landed slightly above that of consensus of $42.1 billion expected in revenue and $1.38 in earnings per share. Meanwhile, Apple s guidance for its fourth quarter expects revenue in the range between $45.5 and $47.5 billion, just under consensus expectations of $45.7 billion.

In light of a solid third quarter, Baruah reiterates a Buy with a price target of $125.00, marking a 21% upside from where shares last closed. Apple has indicated its intentions to stop reducing AAPL channel inventory, although to the analyst,  it sounded like they reserve the right to take out more given softer macro. 

Apple s key asset, it s iPhone, has performed well for the most part internationally, even doubling its year-over-year in Russia. Baruah indicates,  For now, we re sticking with our 40M estimate at 10% ASP growth Q/ Q, although we suspect that folks will feel a bit more emboldened around Street at 43M. We note that while AAPL is typically a conservative guider, our hunch is that this guide is likely more representative of what Sep Q numbers ultimately look like.  Baruah models his September quarter ASP guidance at around $650. Especially following Apple CEO Tim Cook s maintained optimism and considering that just in two years, the company has gained 47% growth in iPhone units, Baruah feels bullish for AAPL.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, Ananda Baruah is ranked #1,273 out of 4,087 analysts. Baruah upholds a steady success rate of 55%, maintaining an average in annual returns of 1.4%.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 40 analyst recommendations in the last 3 months, 85% rate a Buy, 10% maintain a Hold, and the remaining 5% issue a Sell. The 12-month average price target for AAPL stock stands at $124.00, marking a 20% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Apple: It's Time To Buy In  Moody's assigns AA1 rating to Apple Inc senior unsecured note issuance  S&P assigns 'AA+' rating to Apple Inc's senior unsecured notes  
2016-12-08
Why Is Apple Developing Wind Power In China? The recent chain of events seem to corroborate the story.

I believe Apple is doing this for Foxconn in exchange for Foxconn's U.S. expansion.

Last night, the world's largest wind power turbine maker announced a joint venture with Apple on wind power developments in China.

Last night, the world's largest wind power turbine maker, Xinjiang Goldwind Science & Technology (OTC:XJNGF), announced a joint venture with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) on wind power developments in China.

According to the filing, Beijing Tianrun (a subsidiary of Goldwind) has agreed to transfer 30% equity in four of its subsidiaries to Apple. These four subsidiaries and their locations are:

1. "Nanyang Runtang New Energy" in Henan Province

2. "Zibo Runchuan New Energy" in Shandong Province

3. "Shuozhou Pinglu Sineng Wind Power" in Shanxi Province

4. "Qiojia Tianqiao Wind Power" in Yunnan Province

Map provided by Sacu.org - annotations by author

So why does Apple want wind power?

The likely answer is that Apple wants to provide a source of clean energy to its Chinese manufacturing facilities owned by Foxconn (OTC:FXCOF) and maybe Pegatron (OTC:PGTRF). Goldwind would manufacture wind power turbines for Apple, and those turbines would be utilized at the manufacturing plants. I believe the wind power turbines are intended for Foxconn and not Pegatron due to the chronological chain of events that have unfolded recently. Here is a timeline of what I believe happened:

1. Donald Trump tries to persuade Tim Cook to build a manufacturing plant in the U.S. (Fact)

2. A convinced Tim Cook talks to Foxconn (Apple's biggest device assembler) about building a plant in the U.S., citing benefits and potential subsidies.

3. Foxconn agrees, but only if there is some sort of investment or upgrade to its Chinese factories thrown into the deal.

4. Apple and Foxconn settle on the idea of Apple providing clean energy to Foxconn's Chinese factories in exchange for Foxconn building a manufacturing plant in the U.S.

5. Yesterday afternoon, Foxconn announced that it was in preliminary discussions to expand its U.S. operations. (Fact)

6. And later that night, Goldwind announced a joint venture with Apple to develop wind power to China. (Fact)

7. So rather than just purchasing wind power turbines for Foxconn's manufacturing facilities, Apple chose to take a partial equity stake in the largest wind power turbine producer in the world.

It all seems to add up, but there's a chance that my deductions could be off.

According to Dow Jones Newswires:

"It isn't clear that any Foxconn expansion in the U.S. would be to make Apple products  Foxconn has been investing in diverse high-tech sectors including robotics, e-commerce, consumer-tech startups and healthcare."

It's unknown at the moment how much Apple paid to receive the 30% equity stake in the four subsidiaries (known as the "Target Project Companies").

But as of September 24 (most recent quarterly report), Apple had $67.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. In contrast, Goldwind has a market cap of "43.89 billion renminbi" at the current price per share of "17.26 renminbi." Apple generated approximately $50 billion EBITDA in fiscal 2016.

Goldwind was reported to have gapped up 7% on the joint venture announcement, and Apple is also trading higher today, although the broad market as a whole is rising at the time of this writing.

Disclosure: I have a small stake in Apple which I purchased a few days ago at the cost of $109.49 per share. In my research, I pegged that Apple was trading at approximately 11 EV/EBIT. With the company paying a 2% dividend yield and sitting on a horde of cash, I felt compelled to pick up some shares as a "foothold" to cost-average into a bigger position over time especially on any declines.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in AAPL over the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2016-11-24
Can Apple Hit Record Highs After The Pullback?  
2016-04-24
Inside One of the World's Most Secretive iPhone Factories A few minutes past 9 a.m. at Pegatron Corp. s vast factory on Shanghai s outskirts, thousands of workers dressed in pink jackets are getting ready to make iPhones.

The men and women stare into face scanners and swipe badges at security turnstiles to clock in. The strict ID checks are there to make sure they don t work excessive overtime. The process takes less than two seconds.

This is the realm in which the world s most profitable smartphones are made, part of Apple Inc. s closely guarded supply chain. After years of accusations that employees in China were forced to work long, grueling hours, Pegatron and Apple adopted new procedures to keep iPhone assemblers from amassing excessive overtime. They re eager to show how the system works, and for the first time are granting a western journalist access into the inner sanctum.

John Sheu, known at the factory as Big John, or the Mayor, is giving the tour to a Bloomberg reporter. He s the president of Pegatron s facility, where as many as 50,000 people assemble iPhones. It s his job to make sure that more time is spent making phones rather than wasting it on unproductive distractions, like roll calls and ID checks.

 Every second counts,  Big John says.

After passing through metal detectors to sniff out camera-equipped devices that could be used to leak pictures of unreleased new products, the workers follow arrows on the floor and inspirational posters on the wall. They climb up a stairwell with safety netting draped across the middle, to prevent accidents or suicide attempts. At a bank of lockers, they don blue hairnets and swap their shoes for clean plastic slip-on slippers. At 9:20 a.m., the 320-worker production unit lines up with military precision in four rows for their roll call.

 Good morning!  they shout in unison under the watchful gaze of the Mayor, who is joined by shift supervisors holding iPads jerry-rigged with black tape. They scan in the workers. Six minutes later, they re on the production floor, assembling smartphones moving past on conveyor belts. On the day of the visit, one assembler was out sick, so the shift boss quickly adjusted the line to make sure no output was lost.

Top: The morning roll call at Pegatron. Bottom: Workers use identity checkpoints to enter the assembly line area. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg

The factory at the corner of Xiu Yan and Shen Jiang roads is one of the most secretive facilities at the heart of iPhone production and covers an area equal to almost 90 football fields. In the center is a plaza with a firehouse, police station and post office. There are shuttle buses, mega-cafeterias, landscaped lawns and koi ponds. The grey and brown-hued concrete buildings are meant to evoke traditional Chinese architecture. The brand-new Shanghai Disneyland, which opens its doors in June, is a 20-minute drive away.

 The fact they let a reporter in shows that they are responding to external pressure and trying to be more transparent at least on the surface they re trying to fix something,  said Jenny Chan, a lecturer at Oxford s Kellogg College.  But they re still not telling us more about how they run the business, the whole labor system. 

Inside, the factory still hides a secret, according to China Labor Watch. Base pay remains so low that workers need overtime simply to make ends meet, the advocacy group said. It said 1,261 pay stubs from Pegatron s Shanghai facility from September and October 2015 show evidence of excessive overtime. Pegatron, an Asustek spinoff, is the world s biggest contract electronics manufacturer after Foxconn, according to Bloomberg Intelligence.

Related Story: Where Your iPhone Goes to Die (and Be Reborn)

Pegatron countered by saying the group miscounted because that period straddled state holidays, when pay was three times  normal. Apple and Pegatron say they were never contacted by China Labor Watch, which said it approached Apple but didn t get a response. Since March, the group said it s collected an additional 441 pay stubs that point to continued excessive overtime.

 The turnstile system, it s all about programming,  said Li Qiang, executive director at China Labor Watch. He suggested that the ID checks were just for show,  otherwise there wouldn t be so many cases with hundreds of workers putting in excessive overtime hours. 

Pegatron said it adheres to the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition s guidelines that cap overtime at roughly 80 hours a month. Apple said its suppliers stick to the industry group s code of conduct, while Pegatron said it can get exceptions to China s state maximum of 36 overtime hours a month because its work is seasonal.

The Pegatron campus. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg

For Tim Cook, Apple s chief executive officer, the scrutiny is a direct challenge to the carefully assembled global supply chain he built as head of operations under the late Steve Jobs. The iPhone maker said it conducted 640 audits covering more than 1.6 million workers in 2015. In 2013, Apple dispatched medical experts to investigate a spate of workers  deaths at Pegatron. A 15-year-old died of pneumonia and the cause of death for others wasn t disclosed. Apple said it found no link to working conditions.

 Manufacturing is not a sin,  said Denese Yao, who oversees Pegatron s relationship with its powerful customer in Cupertino, California.  People think we re just squeezing everything out of the workers,  she said during the tour, although she was calling in via video conference from Pegatron s headquarters in Taipei.  We need to let them know what is an efficient and responsible working environment. 

To do that, Pegatron adopted the new ID system, with badges linked to a database that tracks time, wages and even expenditures on dorm fees and lunch. The arrangement has helped to push compliance with overtime regulations to almost 100 percent, Pegatron said, with only a handful of exceptions stemming from engineers working on emergency repairs. In its latest audit, Apple said suppliers  compliance with the 60-hour work week was at 97 percent in 2015, up 5 percent from the previous year.

Some workers actually welcome the opportunity to boost their pay but that practice has subsided, said one Pegatron worker referred to Bloomberg by China Labor Watch, who would only disclose his surname Ma for fear of reprisal.  The maximum is 60, but the workers would prefer more hours because the wages are low,  Ma said.  We can earn much more in overtime, so we always want more overtime. 

 Manufacturing is not a sin. 

Clockwise from top left: Workers relax on benches during lunchtime; employees check their pay stubs at a computer terminal; a worker changes into his uniform; an employee in the canteen. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg

When Ma joined the plant three years ago, employees routinely clocked more than the limit because they wanted the extra cash. That s no longer possible.

That s because of the system Sheu says he helped design. It links the turnstiles to the roll call iPads and each worker s ID badge, sending managers automated alerts if workers approach the 60 hour limit or have clocked in six days in a row. Try to go beyond those limits, and the system automatically blocks entry, executives and workers said.

 Sometimes you see people who can t get in on a Saturday or Sunday,  said Guo Wanli, 25, a former construction worker from central Henan province, referring to those who volunteer to work overtime on weekends to boost their pay. He was eating a sausage on a stick in the central cafeteria during the tour, while executives stood by.

One improvement Pegatron executives were eager to share was increased income transparency. Employees can now check their hours, pay stubs, and monthly lodging and food expenses at touchscreen terminals throughout the campus. Including overtime, take-home pay averages 4,200 yuan to 5,500 yuan ($650-$850) a month. One employee, who helped workers access the automated information stations, showed her base salary was 2,020 yuan. An iPhone 6 in China costs 4,488 yuan.

 What do workers care about the most? They want to know about the money they earned,  Sheu said. Deciding to open up payroll was difficult, Big John said, because of how employees might react, and how it would push management to be more accountable.

Pegatron encapsulates the changing social and economic landscape of China, which despite years of rising labor costs remains the linchpin of the global electronics supply chain. Contract manufacturers such as Foxconn and Pegatron dominate the world s output of everything from laptops and televisions to smartphones and tablets.

The focus is now shifting to productivity and talent retention as wages rise and an aging population reduces the worker pool. The nondescript factories and sweatshops of old are giving way to modern-style campuses with amenities such as free Wi-Fi, television lounges, cleaning services and even options for upgraded dorms.

Photos of employees hang on a wall at a staff service center. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg

 All enterprises are adjusting salaries, benefits and housing,  said Jiang Ying, a professor of labor law at the China Institute of Industrial Relations.  Workers have more awareness of the law and that s pushed factories to improve. 

At the same time, China s factories are finding it harder to find and keep people as the labor force shrinks, leading to more job hopping. Still, retention rates at Pegatron s Shanghai factory have increased about 20 percent a year for the past three years, according to Sheu. Last year, turnover averaged about 16 percent.

Back in the cafeteria, a group of women rush to finish lunch before their 50-minute break is over. They hail from across China, from Sichuan in the west to Shandong in the northeast. None has been there for more than a few months.

 This is relaxed compared to other factories,  said Xu Na, 30, who followed her younger brother to work at the factory.  We never work more than 60 hours. 

 With assistance from Jill Mao. 
2016-03-29
Apple, Inc.'s New iPhone SE: Off to a Big Start? With Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone sales growth forecasted to come to a halt for the current quarter, it's likely the company's March 21-announced iPhone SE was part of Apple management's plan to reinvigorate sales of the important segment. And, based on a new CNBC report on pre-orders for the new, smaller iPhone, it may be fulfilling its purpose. Pre-orders are off to a big start in China, according to CNBC.

iPhone SE gets a running start

In what may seem like a step back compared to previous iPhone launches, Apple's new iPhone SE offers a lower price and an older form factor, essentially replacing the iPhone 5s. Of course, its guts are significantly improved compared to the 5s. The phone's selling point is its price. With its smaller, four-inch display compared to Apple's flagship 4.7- and 5.5-inch iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, the company is able to offer the phone at a significant discount. The iPhone SE has a starting price of $399 -- $250 less than the starting price of Apple's iPhone 6s.

The phone's bang-for-your-buck value proposition makes it a good buy in markets where the price of smartphones is more important to buyers. China, in particular, is one of these markets. Fortunately, if this new data from CNBC is true, the new SE appears to be off to a solid start in the important market.

Apple has garnered more than 3.4 million pre-orders from retailers in China for its new iPhone SE. This is a particularly big number since it doesn't include pre-orders made directly through Apple.

For some context, Apple announced after its iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus launch that it had sold more than 13 million new models in the three days following the launch. While this isn't an apples-to-apples comparison since it compares preorders to sales, it does highlight strong demand for the phone in China. Over three million preorders from China retailers alone, excluding preorders made directly through Apple, suggests the new phone's first-weekend sales will be robust.

Shipments for Apple's iPhone SE will begin on Thursday, March 31. So, the first apples-to-apples comparison may come around Monday, April 4, assuming the company keeps with its usual method of reporting first-weekend sales at the beginning of the week following the launch.

A mid-cycle boost

What stands out most about this iPhone launch is how it departs from the company's usual practice of sticking to its once-a-year announcement of flagship smartphones. Further, the company's decision to give one of its lower-cost devices an overhaul in between its flagship iPhone launches highlights Apple's growing emphasis of faster-growing emerging markets as U.S., Canada, and European markets mature.

Beyond any data on preorders and first-weekend iPhone sales for the new model, investors will be looking to see whether or not the new iPhone can prevent Apple's sales from a potential year-over-year decline during the second half of the year. Apple Inc.'s 2017 Flagship iPhone Looks to Borrow from Samsung and Xiaomi Even though the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7/7 Plus have yet to be unveiled, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reportedly released a research note over the weekend (via MacRumors) shedding some light on what the iDevice maker has planned for its 2017 flagship iPhone.

The flagship phone will reportedly pack a 5.8-inch AMOLED display -- a shift away from the liquid crystal displays that Apple has used in all of its iPhones to date. The display is also expected to be curved, which Kuo says will allow the smartphone to fit in a footprint that might be even smaller than that of the current generation 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus.

But that's not all. In addition to a curved display, Apple is reportedly looking to eschew the aluminum casings the hallmark of iPhone's look and feel since the 2012 release of the iPhone 5. Instead, Apple is said to be evaluating plastic, ceramic, and glass for the back of the phone; Kuo is confident that Apple will ultimately go with glass.

After reading a summary of Kuo's note, it's hard to shake off the feeling that the iDevice maker has now assumed the role of a follower rather than a leader -- at least when it comes to smartphone industrial design and, in some cases, technology.

Curved AMOLED display? Samsung has been doing it for a while

In late 2014, Apple arch-rival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) released the Galaxy Note 4 Edge, a variant of its Galaxy Note 4 "phablet" with one side of the display curved into the body. It was essentially a gimmick, but Samsung refined it with the Galaxy S6 Edge, with the display curving into both sides of the phone.

Samsung also ran with this concept with the recently released Galaxy S7 Edge.

If Apple implements this in a flagship iPhone in (presumably late) 2017, it will "catch up" to what Samsung has been fielding into the marketplace since early 2015.

Curved glass? Ceramic? Also been done

The Galaxy S7 also features a metal frame with a glass back. Xiaomi, a China-based smartphone vendor, recently announced a new family of flagship devices as well -- the Mi5 series. The two lower-tier models feature metal frames and glass backs similar to the Galaxy S7, while the top tier Mi5 (known as the Mi5 Pro) actually comes with a ceramic back.

In other words, the big "materials change" that Apple is apparently looking to implement has, once again, already been done by another, much smaller competitor to the iDevice maker.

Apple must lead, not follow

Apple is obviously the largest and most profitable smartphone maker out there. It has high customer loyalty rates and easily the highest blended average selling prices in the smartphone industry. From a business perspective, the company is still solidly in the lead.

However, during the iPhone 6s/6s Plus cycle, a number of "cracks" in the armor have really begun to show in the company's competitive positioning. It no longer fields phones with best in class displays, its cameras are good, but no longer the "gold standard" that they once were.

"Friend of Apple" Walt Mossberg recent penned a column in which he points out the myriad ways in which Apple needs to catch up to the competition.

To make matters worse, Apple releases flagship phones on merely a yearly cadence, while the competition puts out flagship devices at a much more rapid clip.

I can't shake the feeling that Apple is getting complacent. Perhaps the fact that the company is set to experience its very first year-over-year decline in iPhone sales will serve as the rude wake-up call that it really seems to need. Apple Vs. FBI: Winning By Coming Up Short  
2016-07-25
Why the Apple Inc. iPhone 6SE Won't Be a Thing A report recently surfaced claiming that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may call its next-generation iPhone, widely believed to be called the iPhone 7, the "iPhone 6SE."

Here's why this report, which comes from Apfelpage.de (via 9to5Mac), seems unlikely to be true.

A marketing nightmare

The iPhone 6s didn't perform particularly well in the marketplace. During its cycle, Apple has seemingly lost market segment share to its rivals and saw its first-ever declines in iPhone unit and revenue shipments year over year.

Apple blamed the year-over-year decline essentially on tough comparisons to the prior cycle, but that alone doesn't explain the market share loss. Clearly, Apple's marketing team failed to determine what features/technologies would be required to keep pace in the marketplace.

If Apple were to name its next-generation iPhone family the iPhone 6SE, this would send a pretty negative message to consumers. In particular, it would say to them that this new iPhone isn't much of an improvement over the prior-generation iPhone 6s series, potentially leading to muted upgrade activity.

In fact, with a name like the iPhone 6SE, not only would iPhone 6s owners be hard-pressed to upgrade, but average iPhone 6 users -- likely folks who don't follow the nitty-gritty details of each iPhone launch -- might think that the latest phone isn't much improved over what they already have.

That's not exactly the message that Apple can afford to send to customers with the coming product cycle -- at least not if it wants to have a reasonable shot at stabilizing/growing iPhone revenues after a rough fiscal year.

Another reason that this naming would be disastrous

Apple's chief rival in many respects is Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). The iPhone and iPhone Plus models generally compete with Samsung's Galaxy S/Galaxy S Edge/Galaxy Note family of products.

Unlike Apple, which has introduced "new number" phones in one year and "s" variants of those phones in the next, the Galaxy S phone series sees "new numbers" each year. In 2016, Samsung released the Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, and is on track to release the Galaxy Note 7 (skipping the Galaxy Note 6 entirely).

If Apple were to release the iPhone 6SE this year, not only would Apple's fall release be behind in numbering relative to Samsung's latest (this may seem trivial, but marketing/perception is quite important), but Samsung would pull further ahead with the spring launch of the Galaxy S8.

Apple really wouldn't have a good time trying to market an "iPhone 6SE" against a "Galaxy S8."

iPhone 7s much more likely than iPhone 6SE this year

As I argued in a previous column, it could be in Apple's best interests to call the next-generation iPhone the iPhone 7s rather than merely the iPhone 7. Such a naming scheme would allow Apple to play up the improvements in going from the iPhone 6s to the next phone.

The following iPhone could be called the iPhone 8 and then going forward, the company could eliminate the "s" models altogether, instead moving to new numbers from that point on. This would help Apple stay competitive with Samsung from a marketing/branding perspective. Apple: SiriKit Looks Dated Before Launch A while back, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) released a preview to iOS 10, which seems to be aimed at making communication with Apple products feel more intuitive through machine intelligence. A high-level overview is given here and I will refrain from repeating all of these points. I have repeatedly (here and here) commented on Apple's strategic failures in machine learning and cloud computing. In short, I have argued that:

Apple's secrecy makes it unable to retain top tier talent in machine learning. Marketability goes to zero for Apple employees in this area, as they are not allowed to publish or interact with the community in a meaningful way. Top management has failed to see the importance of data-driven services expedited by large scale cloud infrastructure and has thus not invested in building such infrastructure.

Further, I have contended that this will likely make new Apple products in this domain inferior to software-centric competitors with large research organizations, i.e. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and IBM (NYSE:IBM).

A preview of the SiriKit, including a programming guide, became available a few weeks ago. In this article, I will look at SiriKit and compare it to some competitors.

What can SiriKit do?

Commenters often contest my opinion on Apple's lack of expertise in machine learning/natural language processing. For instance, one commenter recently wrote (under this article):

Nowhere did you mention/discuss the company I believe leads AI research (VisualIQ), or the fact that Apple bought the firm last October, and has already begun incorporating its capabilities into Apple's AI product: Siri. By my reckoning VisualIQ/SIRI is at least 24 months ahead of the field. Further, Apple has been developing its own mobile processors (A series), the latest of which performs.

Others have commented that I simply cannot know what goes on behind closed doors at Apple. Instead of further arguing about who is right based on broader observations about software culture and hiring strategy, let's take a look at SiriKit and judge the outcome.

The first key thing to note is that SiriKit is not a general purpose natural language processing platform. That means developers cannot use SiriKit to perform broader natural language tasks like sentiment detection. SiriKit is confined to a set of particular task domains with clearly defined interaction flows. The allowed domains are (as shown in the picture above):

Ride booking

Messaging

Photos

Payments

Voice-over-Ip calls

Workouts

Climate and radio control for CarPlay

The way it works is that an application connects to Siri through an Intents extension. This allows the application to collect user intents recognized by Siri and connect them to an intent handler, which resolves the intent by checking whether the intent parameters can be fulfilled (e.g. "book an Uber in 5 minutes" - is an Uber available?) and creates a response message asking the user to confirm the intent resolution:

Readers will likely have noticed that some functionality like using Siri for messages or phone calls is not exactly new. What is new is that developers can connect their own apps to this existing functionality - which is rather straight-forward engineering.

Why is SiriKit's functionality constrained to such a limited set of tasks? I have two theories. First, it could simply be about control. As we know, Apple tightly controls all aspects of its product ecosystem to ensure a high-quality user experience. Management might hence feel that a more open API might lead developers to create applications that expose some of Siri's limitations, i.e. contextual understanding.

Before commenters disagree with me on this, let me provide an example as a point estimate of Siri's capabilities. I just performed a small experiment with Siri, asking "Who was president in 2001?" I held my 2015 iPad Air 2 10 cms before my mouth in a completely silent room and spoke slowly and clearly. Nevertheless, it actually took Siri two attempts to understand the question (first time was: "When was President's day in 2001?"

Note that this is a not an entirely trivial question as Siri has to infer that "president" means "President of the United States" and that "in" means "during the year." It's a slang question almost, but it's how humans talk. The best Siri could do is to display a list of Bing search results without picking a result:

Clearly, applications with disappointing Siri integration would create a sub-par user experience, which Apple will not tolerate. From that follows the second point, Siri is simply not as capable and can only handle very narrow dialogue flows.

For comparison, I asked Google's Google Now the same question. It gave me the precise natural language answer in spoken form after one attempt: "Bill Clinton and George W. Bush were both president in 2001." I had not even thought of the fact that inauguration was 20th January and there were technically two presidents in the year. Google Now also displayed this:

I also would like to remind readers that IBM's (NYSE:) Watson was able to answer much more complex queries (in Jeopardy) in 2011. That's right, Siri 2016 is behind Watson 2011.

Further, contrast SiriKit with Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa Skill kit: Unlike in SiriKit, developers have complete freedom over what skills they want to develop. By June, over 1,000 third-party skills had been registered. Further, Alexa can manage complex multi-stage conversations.

To add insult to injury, consider what Siri's founder Dag Kittlaus, who has long left Apple, has been up to: Viv, an artificial intelligence platform that provides natural language interfaces to just about anything. A demo can be found here. Refraining from further comments on Apple's software culture, it's clear to me that Apple should have done more to keep the Siri founders around - they pretty much quit right away.

Finally, note that both Google and Apple are reported to be working on home devices similar to the Amazon Echo. Given the comparison above, I have little optimism for a Siri-powered device. On a side note, Apple is reportedly still working on its own cloud infrastructure (internal quarrels reported here). I hence suspect Apple currently simply does not have the broader back-end infrastructure to support much more sophisticated large scale machine learning services.

Summary

SiriKit looks somewhat dated before it has even launched. I would invite readers to experiment with Siri or Google Now and post their experiences. Seemingly, Apple is keeping SiriKit's functionality narrow out of sheer necessity. Simply put, Siri seems to be not powerful enough to be the backbone of a more open natural language platform such as Alexa or viv.ai. Siri remains years behind Google Now, underscoring Google's transformation from a search company to an AI-first company. Going into Apple's earnings this week, I remain unimpressed with its machine learning initiatives and don't think its software services will catch up soon.

If you enjoyed this article, scroll up and click on the "follow" button next to my name to see updates on my future articles on software, machine intelligence and cloud computing in your feed. Apple Inc expands transit support in Apple Maps to Vancouver, Victoria and ... Apple Inc is expanding its Canadian transit support within its Apple Maps app, adding transit information and planning tools to the British Columbia cities Vancouver and Victoria, as well as other rail lines in the province.

The tech giant said the new update would begin to roll out to iOS 9 users Monday, and will add support for metropolitan transit systems and schedules with subway station entrances and exits  precisely mapped.  This means transit users in these cities will be able to tap on entrances and exits to see whether it has stairs, elevators, escalators or other accessibility options.

Related

Apple said Monday s update also marks SkyTrain trains and bus routes while adding route planning tools that will evaluate trains, subways, buses and walking options. People in the cities can also search nearby locations to find options for shopping, food, drinks and more.

Apple s B.C. transit expansion in Apple Maps builds on existing transit support in both Toronto, Ont. and Montreal, Que,.

Users running iOS 9 will begin to see the update later today.

Financial Post

jomcconnell@postmedia.com

Twitter.com/JoshMcConnell Samsung Driving Smarter Path To Autos Than Apple Everyone has been waiting for the "next big thing" from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). For quite some time it was said to be televisions but that seems to have vanished in the rear view mirror. There seems little doubt now that it will be the actual manufacture of an electric vehicle (EV), presumably one that is basically autonomous.

EV manufacture is closely tied to car-sharing and new driving services such as those pioneered by Uber (Private:UBER). Hence Apple's recent US$1 billion investment in China's rival to Uber, Didi Chuxing.

However that investment won't get Apple much further down the road. They might have done better to follow the example of Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) with their investment in thriving Chinese electric vehicle manufacturer BYD (OTCPK:BYDDY). It is clear that a lot of IT spending in the next few years will be based around the auto sector. A recent study forecast that the auto software, services and components business would be worth US$500 billion.

Getting involved in what is being termed the "shared mobility" market would be a better course than actually manufacturing autos. At the same time, Apple's long-term rival Samsung has better options of its own in auto manufacturing if it decides to drive down that route.

China

It is still not certain why Apple bought into Didi Chuxing. It may just have been an attempt to appease the Chinese Government and show that Apple is serious long term about investing in China. If so, US$1 billion is probably a small price to pay. Or it may have been a starting gambit in the idea of auto-sharing long term in China when Apple is manufacturing its own vehicles. Samsung's latest investment in a manufacturing auto business seems a better entry point, even though it is only a small investment.

It is well-known that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has a 9% stake in BYD. The new investment by Samsung Electronics Co. is said to have been for 3 billion yuan (US$450 million). It represents a 2% stake in the company. It seems like a much better use of investment money.

As with Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA), BYD is working toward offering a full suite of electric auto and battery storage products. This even includes solar paneling. So it is already moving toward the kind of vertical integration recently outlined by Elon Musk in his much derided plan. Those who criticized Musk's ambitious plans as pie in the sky should look at BYD. They are already doing what Musk is planning.

Samsung's investment in BYD was part of a private placement. Other investors included private Chinese parties and a government-backed investment fund. Samsung may also be a bit late to the party in terms of electric autos, but it seems to be making up for lost time. For instance, two-thirds of their 1,804 patent filings since 2010 have been related to the auto sector. Currently between 30% and 40% of all components in a vehicle are electronic. This is expected to exceed 50% in the near future.

Samsung itself had set up Samsung Motors in 1994. Following losses it sold the business to Renault in 2000, and it is now known as Renault Samsung Motors. Samsung still has a close relationship with the French auto manufacturer. The Korean venture recently announced plans to manufacture a 1 ton electric light vehicle. Further details have not been revealed as yet. It seems likely Samsung will have some direct involvement. Its fellow Korean chaebols Hyundai and Kia are both coming out with EVs.

BYD had rightly been derided by some for its boxy and unsexy auto models. It is trying to change that perception, as the picture below shows.

Originally a battery manufacturer, BYD is manufacturing electric cars, buses, hybrids and solar paneling. China became the world's largest market for electric vehicles last year. BYD also has an active export business. An example of that is the electric buses it is exporting to countries such as Singapore, pictured below.

BYD has 24 factories in China. It has revenues of US$8.5 billion and aims to sell 150,000 electric autos in China this year. Its recently opened plant in Shanxi is specifically for the production not of standard passenger autos but of electric "special purpose" vehicles and industrial trucks.

Samsung also shares with BYD expertise in battery manufacturing. Its Samsung SDI division has recently invested heavily in the auto battery manufacturing business. This supplies all of BMW's EV requirements as well as the Fiat 500e. It has a tie-up with Tesla but apparently just in Tesla's home storage division, not its auto division. Only in the long term will it become apparent whether Samsung and BMW offers a better battery life than Panasonic and Tesla.

Tesla's plan to integrate autos, energy storage and solar energy is a good one, if hard to achieve under Tesla's capital restraints. This is what BYD is already doing. In a recent article I suggested Apple would be wise to buy a stake in Tesla, but that ship has now sailed as Musk consolidates his assets. An investment in BYD would have been equally wise.

Apple's "CarPlay" product, its software expertise and the potential of linking iPhones to auto hailing and to auto control are obvious. However its "CarPlay" product is really only just one more in a wide suite of innovative software products it offers.

A tie-up with BYD would have cemented Apple's position in China at a time when both the Chinese central government and local authorities there are pushing ahead with bold targets on EVs. This is not just for cars but also buses. Sales of EVs and hybrids quadrupled last year in China to 331,000 vehicles. EVs alone numbered 247,000 units, compared to 115,000 in the US. The Chinese Government has set a target of 3 million EVs by 2025. It has strong incentives in place for both purchase and usage of EVs. Despite some resistance from consumers there seems little doubt the government there will as usual get what they want.

The chart below shows the recent growth of what the government terms "new energy" vehicles.

Apple probably needs also to align the company more closely with the growth markets of Asia. There seems little doubt that is where the impetus for EVs is mainly coming from. Earlier this year Elon Musk described Hong Kong as the "beacon city" for EVs and described Asia as the "biggest area of expansion for the company."

In terms of its products in general, Asia is where Apple needs to target. Its recent moves in China and now India indicate Tim Cook is very much aware of this. China represents 25% of the company's revenue. This will only increase in time as Asia's economies continue to grow more rapidly than those of North America or Europe.

The Apple Vehicle-Car Sharing

With companies like Tesla and BYD already so far down the line, it is hard to imagine how Apple could catch up. Bringing autos onto the road is a long process with a lot of engineering problems and regulatory hurdles. It is very unlike bringing a new phone or music player into play. Additionally for high-margin Apple, autos are much less high margin products than mobile phones or software. That could cause problems for Apple's stock price.

The tie-up with Didi suggested one possible route into the market, but Apple will be late onto the market there as well. The recent tie-up between Toyota (NYSE:TM) and Uber illustrates this. As does that between Volkswagen (OTCPK:VLKAY) and Israeli outfit Gett, and that between U.S. based Lyft (Private:LYFT) and General Motors (NYSE:GM).

A recent article in "Business Insider" had speculated that Apple might buy Uber. That seems like a non-starter for many reasons. Most prominently, it would represent a fairly valued public company buying a seemingly highly inflated in value private company.

The Apple Vehicle-Behind Schedule

Steve Jobs had been interested in an Apple car years ago and studied a prototype with designer Bryan Thomson back in 2010. Nothing came of that for Apple. The design idea has been carried forward though in a project being handled by LCV Capital Management.

There seems little doubt that "Project Titan" is moving forward. R&D spending by Apple has increased substantially in the past three years.

Analysts are convinced that this is mainly being soaked up by "Project Titan." Evidence that can be cited includes employment of auto engineers, purchase of car-related domain names, and reports of secretive testing and research sites. The company has purchased augmented reality patents that could apply to autonomous driving. However, building an auto requires a lot more manufacturing and engineering spread than building a music player.

Already it is hard to see how Apple would catch up against such well-entrenched players both in car-sharing and in just manufacturing alone. To take just one recent example, Volkswagen, which certainly needs to upgrade its environmental credentials, has announced ambitious plans for electric cars. They are targeting 25% of sales to be electric by 2025, which would probably equate to 450,000 vehicles. This is being seen as a threat to Tesla, which is targeting 500,000 vehicles by 2020. How much greater a threat is it though to Apple whose vehicle is still so far off on the horizon. That is not to mention the largest players in electric vehicles and hybrids, namely Toyota, Honda, Lexus and Nissan. They are all proceeding at full speed with a full suite of products.

Apple's "Project Titan" is shrouded in secrecy. Quite well-documented reports continue to indicate that there have been delays. The year 2021 would seem to be the earliest an Apple car could be on the road. Team leader Steve Zadesky left the company earlier this year. One sees the problems Tesla have had starting from scratch with the complexity of varying platforms for just two models. One wonders how long it would take Apple starting from scratch to do likewise. Indeed it is not known how many models they plan to have. Presumably just one in the first instance. Like BYD, Tesla is now talking electric buses but this is already quite a well-established market for either Tesla or Apple to penetrate.

It's hard to know how anyone knows, but predictions of how an Apple car would look seem to have come out as below:

For Apple to make much impact with a new car one would think it needed to be autonomous. However this itself would cause serious issues with whether Apple's cloud infrastructure could handle such huge data traffic. That itself would need large-scale and time-consuming capital investment from Apple.

The Apple Vehicle-Green Credentials

An Apple EV or a link-up with another EV company would bolster Apple's green credentials. The company used to be seen as environmental and somewhat anti-establishment, enhancing its appeal to the young. This has been somewhat lost in the sagas of huge profits and tax avoidance overseas. Various EU reports on Apple's tax affairs in Europe are being watched. They may be damaging to the company's reputation.

In fact there were reports that Apple was looking to buy over the rights to F1 racing from British entrepreneur Bernie Ecclestone. It's hard to imagine this is true. Apple would surely not wish to be associated with F1, the very antithesis of environmental motoring. Involvement in the Formula E series for electric cars would seem a better bet.

An Apple Car would certainly help the company in its image amongst the young, just as Elon Musk is seen as a visionary by many young people. It is young people who in general are less keen on buying conventional autos and more interested in car-sharing, EVs and a focus on public transport in big cities.

Conclusion

What Warren Buffett and Samsung share in common is an investment in a leading electric auto manufacturer located in the fastest-growing economic area in the world. The IMF economic forecast as below illustrates the latter point clearly.

The growth rates of China and India are way above those of the rest of the world. Those of the rest of the world are above those of the United States. The growth rates for India and China are likely to stay that way for the foreseeable future. The picture is even more Asia-based if one includes other fast-growing economies such as Indonesia, the Philippines and Vietnam.

For Apple the road to success in manufacturing electric autos is a long one. It is fraught with difficulties and huge capital expenditures.

Samsung already has a lot more infrastructure in place for the auto business, including its auto battery business. It is building relationships with existing manufacturers who already have products on the road. Apple can be seen as a manufacturer which hopes to have one auto product on the road in five years' time.

Apple has by most criteria out-performed Samsung in mobile phones in recent years. However in the long proxy war between Samsung and Apple, the auto business seems to be one battle which Samsung is better positioned to win. Apple Inc. Appoints Chief To Head Apple Car Project While Apple has, until today, never really acknowledged (it didn t technically) that it s indeed working on an  Apple Car,  Project Titan (as it s called by the media) is the worst kept secret in Silicon Valley and Apple has hired hundreds to work on the project. Those hundreds of former Tesla engineers and engineers from other companies will now answer to executive Bob Mansfield.

Bob Mansfield back to day-to-day role with Apple Car

Mansfield joined Apple in 1999 and enjoy a meteoric rise quickly becoming one of Steve Jobs favorites. For years he lead hardware engineering development on products like the iMac, the MacBook line and the iPad. While he stepped away from a day-to-day role at Apple in 2012 when he reluctantly agreed to stay on at the company in a lesser role, it appears that he s back and will lead Apple s work to develop an all-electric, autonomous vehicle.

According to the Wall Street Journal, unnamed employees at Apple say that senior Project Titan engineers have been answering to Mansfield for a couple of months now. True to form, Apple had nothing to say when contacted by the WSJ and the publication s email to Mansfield seeking confirmation also went unanswered

Apple s R&D spending shows that something big is in the works and the company hopes to make a big move in the future of the automotive industry. While Cook has been coy about Apple s work in the sector, CEO Tim Cook has acknowledged that  there will be a massive change in the industry [auto]  in the very near future as autonomous cars appear to be the future in spite of a few very public instances that are dogging Tesla s work in that arena.

While many suggest that Mansfield s new position is to save a project that is struggling, the possibility of something big being announced in the near future from Apple is also a possibility.

Steve Zadesky, who was believed to be heading Project Titan, left the company earlier this year suggesting that the former is the more likely of possibilities and reasons behind the appointment of Mansfield.

Speculation where Apple is concerned is always a chore so we ll simply need to wait. 2 Surprises From The iPhone SE  
2016-04-23
Apple Inc's WWDC 2016: 3 Important Product Moves to Watch April is National Poetry month and tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) appears to be feeling the spirit of the season.

Earlier this week, Apple posted the above poem to announce the dates for its upcoming World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC), one of the most-important events the company holds each year. Here's a quick preview of the products and topics expected to dominate the discussion at WWDC 2016, being held June 13-17.

iOS 10

It's a virtual lock that Apple will use the opening WWDC keynote presentation to debut updates to its mobile and desktop operating systems. Here's what the rumor mill is kicking about in terms of Apple's upcoming mobile software update.

Starting with the most plausible, it appears Apple will enable users to hide at least some of the default apps   game center, stocks, etc.   that the company has long locked into the home screen. One app store analytics company noticed an interesting bit of code Apple recently added to all App Store apps, which reads "isFirstPartyHideableApp." This would be convenient, but far from game-changing. However, given the public deployment of this new code, this rumor seems relatively bankable. Goodbye, game center.

Apple is also reportedly developing a new app to further its efforts to dominate our increasingly smart homes. Predictably dubbed "Home," the app will serve as the missing hub to connect disparate iOS-enabled devices in a single place. With smart appliances and other gadgets only likely to increase in number and importance in our homes in coming years, Apple's efforts to create a single unified space seems like a win for users and the company.

Additionally, Apple has reportedly been experimenting with a new voice mail-dictation service powered by Siri. The service, which is reportedly still being tested by Apple employees, would allow Siri to transcribe your voicemail messages and send you the transcript.

Siri would then send the transcript of her interaction with the caller as an email or iMessage to a user's iPhone. The feature's inclusion in iOS 10 reportedly hinges on Siri's translational accuracy. As you can imagine, there is no shortage of rumors regarding iOS 10's content, but these are a few that appear most often in reading on the subject.

OS X Fuji

Like its mobile OS brethren, count on Apple debuting the newest version of its Mac software during the WWDC keynote. There hasn't been the same intensity to the speculation about OSX, but several potential features that I've seen discussed could still prove quite alluring.

Primary among them is Apple's likely move to bring Siri to the Mac. When plugging into a power charger, Mac users will reportedly be able to summon Apple's digital assistant using the traditional "Hey, Siri" invocation. It isn't clear if Apple has any desktop-specific improvements planned. Either way, this would represent only the latest step in the growing feature convergence between Apple's mobile and desktop platforms in recent years.

There's also some speculation that Apple plans to overhaul the Photos app, which the company emphasized over its legacy iPhoto product in last year's update. Details aren't exactly clear as to whether this purported upgrade would more likely impact the desktop, mobile, or both versions of Photos.

New Apple Watch

Like iOS and OSX, it seems safe to expect Apple to preview the latest version of its smartwatch software, WatchOS, at this year's WWDC. The question that has arisen in recent months is whether Apple's Watch update will also involve new hardware.

For those who don't recall, Apple launched the Apple Watch last April, but it used last year's WWDC keynote to preview its second-generation WatchOS 2 software. The timing in doing so seems favorable. A June launch window would allow for more than a year passing since the original Apple Watch shipped, which could help sooth some potential criticism from those irked by potential new hardware upgrades.

A June debut would also allow Apple to place a greater emphasis on the expected form factor update for the company's rainmaking iPhone lineup later this fall. Many expect Apple iPhone shipments to stall in coming quarters, which will put increased pressure on Apple to deliver something more than an incremental upgrade to its smartphone lineup.

We still have several months to go before we'll know firsthand what Apple has in store for its next marquee event. Expect to see the rumor mill rev into high gear in the intervening months ahead of Apple's June WWDC. 
2016-02-18
Apple, Inc. Stock: 6 Simple Reasons It's My Favorite Holding While Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is still trading below $100 -- down from an all-time high of $134 -- investors should take a close look at the company to see if an investment in the tech giant makes sense for them. Bargains like this don't come around every day.

Here are six simple, objective reasons I believe Apple stock offers great value at this price -- and why it's the stock in my portfolio that I'm the most optimistic about as an investment.

1. Apple stock is on sale. Trading at a price-to-earnings ratio of 10, the market is pricing this market leader as if its revenue has peaked. Comparatively, the average P/E ratio for stocks in the S&P 500 is 21 -- about double that of Apple.

2. The company's dividend is poised for growth. With over $200 billion in cash plus marketable securities on its balance sheet, over $60 billion in annual free cash flow and just $12 billion spent on dividend payouts annually, its dividend is bound to grow. Indeed, it plans to increase its dividend every year -- and I expect Apple to announce a meaningful dividend increase in April.

3. Apple's share repurchases make a difference. When a company spends $110 billion repurchasing shares in just over three years, it moves the needle. Indeed, its repurchase program has driven its share count more than 4% lower during the past four quarters alone.

Going forward, the share repurchase program should continue to add value for shareholders, especially with the stock trading at these levels.

4. Pricing power highlights the power of Apple's brand. The rising average selling price for the iPhone continues to demonstrate the company's pricing power, which in turn shows how willing customers are to pay a premium price for Apple devices. The average selling price for the iPhone in the most recent quarter was $691 -- up from $687 in the year-ago quarter and $637 in the same quarter two years ago.

5. The company is still growing rapidly. Apple's business has soared recently. Trailing-12-month sales and EPS are up 18% and 27%, respectively, compared to the year-ago quarter. Yes, growth in 2016 is uncertain as the company faces the tough comparisons of its big growth last year. But low penetration in China and the growing importance of India may both serve as meaningful catalysts over the long haul. Furthermore, Apple has historically been very successful in introducing new products and creating new growth segments -- and the strength of its ecosystem would provide a huge base of interested customers for any new product categories it introduces in the future.

6. Apple's robust ecosystem keeps customers around. As an Apple customer myself, I know firsthand how its customers can get locked into its increasingly more comprehensive ecosystem of hardware, software, and services. And the company's growing emphasis on services and complementary hardware with products like Apple Music, Apple TV, and Apple Watch only serve to entrench customers deeper.

Apple's growing service segment highlights how increasingly rooted customers are in its ecosystem. Services revenue, which was $6 billion in Apple's most recent quarter, was its fastest-growing segment, up 26% from the year-ago quarter -- easily outpacing iPhone, iPad, and Mac revenue growth.

Ultimately, with every Apple device or app bought, customers are probably less likely to switch to a competing platform.

Trading 27% below all-time highs and with its P/E ratio at a 50% discount compared to that of average stocks in the S&P 500, Apple stock currently provides investors a low-risk entry point. Apple vs. FBI is epic fight over privacy and national security Legal experts say the battle between the federal government and Apple Inc. over unlocking the contents of an iPhone is about more than simply helping investigate the San Bernardino terrorist attack.

"The FBI's request ... represents the next step in the journey to find the Holy Grail of backdoor unencryption, and the next salvo in the ever-escalating battle between law enforcement and tech companies," said Robert Cattanach, a cybersecurity attorney and former Department of Justice special counsel.

The dispute between Silicon Valley and the federal government has been brewing for some time, but this is expected to become the defining case.

NEWSLETTER: Get the day's top headlines from Times Editor Davan Maharaj >>

Chenxi Wang, chief strategy officer at the network security firm Twistlock, said the court battle would be a seminal moment in balancing "privacy and civil liberty against government data access."

"If Apple succeeds in fighting the court order, it will set up a high barrier for the FBI and the other government groups to access citizen data from now on," Wang said. "This will absolutely have a ripple effect. Apple is now viewed as the flag bearer for protecting citizen data, and if they succeed, there will be a flood of other companies following suit."

Here are some basics about the case.

What is the dispute about?

A U.S. judge in Riverside, at the FBI's request, ordered Apple on Tuesday to help with a key part of the San Bernardino terror probe by developing software to hack into one of its own devices, an iPhone 5c, used by gunman Syed Rizwan Farook. Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, killed 14 people and wounded 22 others before dying in a shootout with police.

Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook has said that obeying the order would set a dangerous precedent, and that creating a "backdoor" to its own security systems could compromise the security of billions of customers.

"Up to this point, we have done everything that is both within our power and within the law to help them," Cook wrote in a letter published on the company's website. "But now the U.S. government has asked us for something we simply do not have, and something we consider too dangerous to create."

What do you think of the Apple vs. FBI fight? Join the conversation on Facebook >>

What happens next?

The company will file an opposition to the court order.

What is the government saying?

In the government motion, the FBI argued that Farook intentionally disabled the phone's iCloud backup function six weeks before the Dec. 2 terror attack at the Inland Regional Center. Any communications during that time that may be linked to the shooting, as well as location data that might help the FBI map the movements of Farook and his wife before and after the attack, are accessible only through the phone itself, the government said.

Investigators were able to retrieve some data from previous iCloud backups, and companies like Apple normally comply with requests to retrieve cloud data because they do not involve giving the government access to company servers or altering software. The San Bernardino County Department of Health, which employed Farook, actually owned the device and gave the FBI permission to search it, according to court filings.

The court order handed down Tuesday would require Apple to provide the FBI with a "recovery bundle," a file that would reboot Farook's device while disabling the auto-erase feature that would normally be activated after 10 incorrect log-in attempts. That would allow the FBI to repeatedly enter pass code guesses without risk of destroying the data on the phone.

FULL COVERAGE: Terror attack in San Bernardino >>

What is the All Writs Act of 1789?

In seeking this week's court order, the U.S. attorney's office cited the All Writs Act of 1789, a rarely used law that allows judges to issue orders they deem necessary and appropriate. But Apple's argument that the government is overreaching already has received a favorable reception in at least one court.

Late last year, a U.S. magistrate in Brooklyn, N.Y., denied a government request to obtain a suspect's iPhone data in a drug conspiracy case, saying that the All Writs Acts might not provide enough legal foundation for such an order.

The Brooklyn magistrate hasn't issued a final order, but Apple told the court in a filing last week that it would like a decision because it has "been advised that the government intends to continue to invoke the All Writs Act ... to require Apple to assist in bypassing the security of other Apple devices in the government's possession."

Apple drew support from civil liberties advocates, who fear that totalitarian governments such as China will demand the company use a similar tool to open phones of opposition leaders and human rights activists.

How do people in San Bernardino feel about the debate?

The Times' Paloma Esquivel talked to residents.

Residents and those intimately affected by the shooting reacted on Wednesday with a mix of feelings to the announcement by Apple that it would oppose a federal court order to help the FBI access data on a cellphone used by one of the shooters in the Dec. 2. attack.

Some, including the father of one victim, said they hoped the two sides would find a way to balance the urgent need for information about the shooters with the privacy needs of ordinary cellphone users. Others urged the company to comply with the order and help law enforcement.

tracey.lien@latimes.com | Twitter: @traceylien

brian.bennett@latimes.com | Twitter: @ByBrianBennett

paresh.dave@latimes.com | Twitter: @peard33

james.queally@latimes.com |Twitter: @JamesQueallyLAT Apple Inc. Quietly Snags OLED Experts As part of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) surging research and development budget, the iDevice maker is surely bringing additional technologies in-house. Having experts in-house that can work closely with suppliers/manufacturers allows the company to have better control over the characteristics of the components that it ultimately asks those suppliers to build.

Perhaps the most popular example of this strategy working out for Apple is in the development of its customized A-series processors. Apple has significant chip design expertise in-house and works closely with the major chip manufacturers to develop process technologies that enable the performance and functionality that Apple's chip designers want.

It would seem that Apple is following the same playbook in display technology and, in particular, in the development of display technology based on organic light-emitting diodes, or OLEDs.

Just a ton of OLED experts popping up at Apple

I often peruse the professional networking websites for clues as to what kinds of talent Apple is hiring for and has hired. Although the following list is far from exhaustive, here are some OLED experts that the iDevice maker has hired over the last several years:

Donghee Nam, currently a Senior Process Engineer at Apple and was formerly a Senior Researcher (and in particular, a project leader) at LG Display NYSE:LPL)

James Lee, currently a Principal Technologist at Apple. Before joining Apple, Lee was a Research Fellow in LG Display's OLED Development Center, working to develop flexible OLEDs for both mobile and television applications.

Soojin Park, currently a Process Engineer at Apple. Before moving to Apple in June 2014, he was a Principal Engineer at Samsung Display NASDAQOTH:SSNLF)

There are many more examples of such OLED experts from top-tier display vendors joining Apple's ranks, far more than I could possibly hope to list here.

It all makes sense

Back in January, Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri claimed (via Barron's) that Apple is working on a "proprietary OLED technology that it will ask Samsung to build/supply maybe for Fall '17."

Over the long term, it makes quite a lot of sense that Apple wants to bring in the know-how to design next-generation, proprietary (i.e. unique to Apple, not widely available to other smartphone vendors) display technologies. If Apple does a good job, it can gain a key competitive advantage by dedicating the research and development resources that other smartphone vendors simply can't match.

As Apple has grown in revenue and in research and development capability, it has become less dependent on third party suppliers for a lot of the design that goes into the components of its products.

Apple's massive research and development spending increases are actually fairly recent, so it will take some time before the fruits of that labor is visible in actual products. However, I think investors can count on Apple's future iDevices to become increasingly differentiated vis- -vis the competition in the areas that really matter.

The company is already there with its chip designs; the display and the camera are two critical areas where Apple uses excellent components but over time -- if I'm right -- should be able to offer clear leadership over the competition. And, as long as Apple can continue to maintain/capture share in the highest profit portions of the market, it should be able to extend such leadership in the years and even decades ahead. The Most Important Apple Executive You've Never Heard Of The Most Important Apple Executive You ve Never Heard Of A visit with Cupertino s chief chipmaker, Johny Srouji.

A little over a year ago, Apple had a problem: The iPad Pro was behind schedule. Elements of the hardware, software, and accompanying stylus weren t going to be ready for a release in the spring. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook and his top lieutenants had to delay the unveiling until the fall. That gave most of Apple s engineers more time. It gave a little-known executive named Johny Srouji much less.

Srouji is the senior vice president for hardware technologies at Apple. He runs the division that makes processor chips, the silicon brains inside the iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. The original plan was to introduce the iPad Pro with Apple s tablet chip, the A8X, the same processor that powered the iPad Air 2, introduced in 2014. But delaying until fall meant that the Pro would make its debut alongside the iPhone 6s, which was going to use a newer, faster phone chip called the A9.

Featured in Bloomberg Businessweek, Feb. 22, 2016. Subscribe now. Photographer: Justin Kaneps for Bloomberg Businessweek

This is the stuff that keeps technology executives up at night. The iPad Pro was important: It was Apple s attempt to sell tablets to business customers. And it would look feeble next to the iPhone 6s. So Srouji put his engineers on a crash program to move up the rollout of a new tablet processor, the A9X, by half a year. The engineers finished in time, and the Pro hit the market with the faster chip and a 12.9-inch display packed with 5.6 million pixels.

Srouji was nicely rewarded for his efforts. In December he became the newest member of Cook s management team and received about 90,000 additional shares of Apple stock, which vest over a four-year period.

He also stepped into the kind of spotlight he s avoided since joining Apple in 2008. Srouji runs what is probably the most important and least understood division inside the world s most profitable company. Since 2010, when his team produced the A4 chip for the original iPad, Apple has immersed itself in the costly and complex science of silicon. It develops specialized microprocessors as a way to distinguish its products from the competition. The Apple-designed circuits allow the company to customize products to perfectly match the features of its software, while tightly controlling the critical trade-off between speed and battery consumption. Among the components on its chip (technically called a  system on a chip,  or SOC) are an image signal processor and a storage controller, which let Apple tailor useful functions for taking and storing photos, such as the rapid-fire  burst mode  introduced with the iPhone 5s. Engineers and designers can work on features like that years in advance without prematurely notifying vendors especially Samsung, which manufactures many of Apple s chips.

At the center of all this is Srouji, 51, an Israeli who joined Apple after jobs at Intel and IBM. He s compact, he s intense, and he speaks Arabic, Hebrew, and French. His English is lightly accented and, when the subject has anything to do with Apple, nonspecific bordering on koanlike.  Hard is good. Easy is a waste of time,  he says when asked about increasingly thin iPhone designs.  The chip architects at Apple are artists, the engineers are wizards,  he answers another question. He ll elaborate a bit when the topic is general.  When designers say,  This is hard,    he says,  my rule of thumb is if it s not gated by physics, that means it s hard but doable. 

Srouji recently spent several hours with Bloomberg Businessweek over several days and guided a tour of Apple chip facilities in Cupertino, Calif., and Herzliya, Israel. This was, no doubt, strategic. Investors have battered Apple stock over the past year, sending it down more than 25 percent. Most people are already pretty satisfied with their phones, the criticism goes, and aren t compelled to spend an additional few hundred bucks on an upgrade. (In March, Apple intends to announce an updated iPad and smaller-screen iPhone featuring the latest A9x and A9 chips, according to a person familiar with the plans, who wasn t authorized to comment publicly.)

Apple s usual response is to point to Jony Ive and his team of fastidiously cool, Wallabee-shod industrial designers, or to highlight elegantly tooled aluminum or an app or some new feature or gadget. There s always something new to show off. But none of that has ever explained anything about a crucial part of Apple s profit machine: its chips.

 I think it s too good of a story not to be told at this stage,  Srouji says.  Hopefully, we won t reveal too much. 

In Israel, Srouji (second from left) and Cook (right) with Apple employees. Source: Apple

When the original iPhone came out in 2007, Steve Jobs was well aware of its flaws. It had no front camera, measly battery life, and a slow 2G connection from AT&T. It was also underpowered. A former Apple engineer who worked on the device said that while the handset was a breakthrough technology, it was limited because it pieced together components from different vendors, including elements from a Samsung chip used in DVD players.  Steve came to the conclusion that the only way for Apple to really differentiate and deliver something truly unique and truly great, you have to own your own silicon,  Srouji says.  You have to control and own it. 

One of Jobs s trusted advisers, Bob Mansfield, Apple s top hardware executive at the time, recruited Srouji to lead that effort. Srouji, then at IBM, was a rising star in the arcane world of semiconductor engineering. Mansfield promised him an opportunity to build something from scratch.

The decision to design semiconductors was risky. About the size of a small postage stamp, the microprocessor is the most important component of any computing device. It does the work that makes playing games, posting to Facebook, sending texts, and taking pictures seem easy. Small currents of energy move from the battery through hundreds of millions of tiny transistors, triggering commands and responses in nanoseconds. It s like an intricate city design that fits on the tip of your finger. When the chip isn t doing its job efficiently, the device feels sluggish, crashes, or makes users want to throw it against a wall.

If there s a bug in software, you simply release a corrected version. It s different with hardware.  You get one transistor wrong, it s done, game over,  Srouji says.  Each one of those transistors has to work. Silicon is very unforgiving.  Among computer and smartphone makers, industry practice is to leave the processors to specialists such as Intel, Qualcomm, or Samsung, which sink billions into getting the chips right and making them inexpensively. (Apple used to co-design processors for the Macintosh, but Jobs abandoned the work in 2005 in favor of more powerful models from Intel, whose chips still power all Macs.)

When Srouji joined Apple, the company had a group of about 40 engineers working on integrating chips from various vendors into the iPhone. That grew by about 150 people in April 2008, after Apple acquired a Silicon Valley chip startup called P.A. Semi, which had a power-efficient semiconductor design. Srouji s team found itself interacting regularly with other departments, from software programmers, who wanted chip support for new features, to Ive s industrial designers, who wanted help making the phones flatter and sleeker. An engineer who sat in on Srouji s meetings remembers senior managers preparing extensively for presentations, because his support was critical for getting new features approved. He was known for peppering engineers with technically sophisticated questions, particularly about contingency options if something didn t work out as planned. He d ask, for example, if a different form of plastic could be used that wouldn t interfere with another component.

 The only way for Apple to really differentiate and deliver something truly unique and truly great, you have to own your own silicon 

The first public signs of Srouji s work came in 2010 with the debut of the iPad and iPhone 4. The processor, the A4, was a modified version of a design from ARM Holdings, a British company that licenses mobile technology. The A4 was designed to power the handset s new high-definition  retina display.  Srouji says it was a race to get that first system-on-a-chip produced.  The airplane was taking off, and I was building the runway just in time,  he says.

Over the next few years, Apple kept making improvements to its designs, introducing chips to accommodate fingerprint identification, video calling, and Siri, the iPhone s voice-activated assistant, among other enhancements. When the companies using Google s Android operating system started making tablets, they mostly used conventional mobile phone processors. Starting with the third-generation iPad in 2012, Srouji s team designed specific chips (the A5x and A6x) to give the tablet the same pixel-packing high-definition screens as the iPhone.

These mysterious semiconductors coming from Apple were the curiosity of the tech industry, but it wasn t until the release of the iPhone 5s in 2013 that rivals really started to pay attention. The phone featured the A7 processor, the first smartphone chip with 64 bits double the 32-bit standard at the time. The new technology allowed for entirely new features, such as Apple Pay and the Touch ID fingerprint scanner. Developers had to rewrite applications to account for the new standard, but it gave way to smoother maps, cooler video games, and generally more responsive apps that don t hog as much memory. (Apple s control over hardware and software is also useful for encrypting everything on the device, a capability that has landed the company in a controversy: On Feb. 16, a judge ruled that Apple must help the FBI unlock an iPhone owned by one of the San Bernardino shooters. Apple is fighting the order, saying it would set a precedent that would undermine the privacy of all its customers.)

Qualcomm, then as now the biggest designer of phone chips, made the expensive decision to scrap development of its 32-bit chips and put all its resources into catching up. Handset companies all  wanted the shiny new thing,  says Ryan Smith, the editor-in-chief of AnandTech, a website that publishes exhaustive reviews of semiconductor designs.  The A7 really turned the world upside down. 

Srouji can t restrain a smile when recalling competitors  reactions to Apple s 64-bit surprise.  When we pick something,  he says,  it s because we think there s a problem that nobody can do, or there is some idea that s so unique and differentiating that the best way to do it is you have to do it yourself. 

Chip-durability testing at an unmarked Apple lab in Cupertino. Photographer: Justin Kaneps for Bloomberg Businessweek

Srouji was born in Haifa, a port city in northern Israel. He was the third child of four. His family was Christian Arab, a minority within a minority in the Jewish state.  Haifa is one of the most integrated cities in Israel,  he says.  You have Christians, you have Muslims, Jews, Bah   s, you have any religion you want, and everyone lives together in peaceful harmony. Integration worked for me. 

Srouji s father owned a metal pattern-making business outside the city, and from age 10, Srouji spent weekends and summers helping him pattern wooden moldings that were used to make engine parts, medical equipment, and other machinery. His father had an unusual philosophy: He would undercharge customers for complicated work while overcharging for easier jobs.  If there was a very complex thing that he d never done, he wanted to do it,  Srouji says.

His father, who died in 2000, constantly reminded him not to get comfortable in the family business. Education was more important. In high school, Srouji got perfect grades in math, physics, chemistry, and science. He was introduced to computers by an instructor who also taught at the nearby Technion Israel Institute of Technology, one of the world s top engineering schools.  I fell in love,  Srouji says.

He enrolled at the Technion, spent late nights in the computer lab drafting out code in pencil, and earned undergraduate and master s degrees in computer science. His master s thesis was on new techniques for testing software and hardware systems.  At the time it was very progressive,  says Orna Berry, general manager of the EMC Center of Excellence in Israel and corporate vice president of innovation, who met Srouji at the Technion.  I m not surprised he is where he is. 

After graduating, Srouji got a job with IBM, which had placed its largest non-U.S. research facility in Haifa, the better to attract the big brains coming out of the Technion and other Israeli universities. He researched distributed systems, an emerging field in which computers in different locations are networked together to complete computationally intensive assignments. Ensuring the machines communicated correctly required skill building hardware and writing software algorithms.

 Sometimes I wondered when he got an assignment and within a day it was complete and perfect if he was brilliant or just didn t sleep at night,  says Srouji s first boss, Oded Cohn, vice president and lab director for IBM Haifa Research.  In some cases, the conclusion was both. 

Although Israel grapples with Jewish-Arab tensions all the time, none of it mattered in Srouji s world. Cohn, who remains friends with him, says their different backgrounds never came up.  Technical people treat technical people based on personality and technical ability,  he says.  You don t think about it. You just work together. The rest goes away. 

In 1993, Srouji left IBM for Intel, where he created techniques for running simulations that test the strength of semiconductor designs. During a visit to the U.S. in 1999, he used a 20-minute car ride with a manager, fellow Israeli Uri Weiser, to lobby for a three-year stint at Intel s research hub in Austin. Assuming Srouji was also Jewish, Weiser invited him to an Israeli Memorial Day celebration at a synagogue in Texas.

 He looked at me and said,  I m a Christian Arab,    recalls Weiser, who gave Srouji the Texas assignment.  I said,  Well, come and join and learn about your environment,  and he said OK. He was there sitting with a kippah in the synagogue and following everything. 

Standing in an aisle, surrounded by exposed circuit boards and digital innards, is like being inside the Matrix.  No one has seen this before,  Srouji says

Srouji lives a few miles from Apple s headquarters at One Infinite Loop, Cupertino. He drives a black Mercedes-Benz and relaxes by lifting weights and riding his bike on weekends. He smiles easily, warmly touches a reporter s shoulder when sharing a laugh, blushes at compliments, and absolutely clams up when he s asked about anything that could remotely be considered a corporate secret.  I don t want to go into too much detail on that  is a common refrain.

Friends have noticed the heightened discretion. Srouji once invited his former Intel colleague, Weiser, to give a speech about chip development at Apple headquarters in Cupertino. After the presentation, an assistant escorted Weiser to Srouji s empty office, where he noticed that the papers on the desk were all turned upside down. Then Srouji entered the room and told Weiser he had to move.  He said,  We are at Apple, you can t sit here,    Weiser recalls.  He offered me to sit with his secretary and said,  If you want to go to the bathroom, she will escort you.   

One morning in February, Srouji conducts a brief tour of his domain, which is scattered in unmarked locations around Silicon Valley. A shuttle bus leaves One Infinite Loop and drives 10 minutes through a series of residential neighborhoods to a low-rise office building near the Santa Clara city limits.

One of his deputies greets Srouji at the bus and badges through several locked doors into a room where future chip designs are being tested. The building is eerily quiet and still, save for the hum of air conditioners and the blinking red and green lights of large dark boxes that are stacked together and resemble Zambonis. The room is Apple-white and clean, but not tidy; thick wires and large plugs lie around. Old, unused Macs are lined up on a shelf like books that have already been read. All the equipment is operated remotely. The boxes are running software that scans for possible flaws in the chip architecture. Testing proceeds for several days on one element of the chip, then moves on to the next, and then the next, until the process is done, which can take months.  We beat the silicon as much as we can,  Srouji says.  If you re lucky and rigorous, you find the mistakes before you ship. 

In an adjacent room, circuit boards are wired together in milk carton-size stacks to simulate the capabilities of a future iPhone or iPad. Apple s software programmers, sitting anywhere in the world, can remotely test how their code holds up against a future chip design.

Then the shuttle takes Srouji a few more miles away, to another unmarked building, where rows of customized Mac Minis are testing prototype chips under various temperature and pressure conditions. Standing in an aisle, surrounded by exposed circuit boards and digital innards, is like being inside the Matrix.  No one has seen this before,  Srouji says.

Everything looks exceedingly complicated. Srouji won t discuss costs, but Apple s research and development expenses hit $8.1 billion last year, up from $6 billion in 2014 and $4.5 billion in 2013. Many analysts attribute the rise in large part to chip development. All Srouji will say about his budget is that Cook doesn t scrutinize it.  I run it very tight,  he says.  I truly believe that engineers will do their best when they are constrained by either money, tools, or resources. If you become sloppy because you have too much money, that s the wrong mindset. 

Apple isn t completely in charge of its own destiny. It remains in many ways a prisoner of its supply chain. Displays come from Samsung, and cellular modems from Qualcomm. Samsung and TSMC, based in Taiwan, still manufacture the processors. Apple s ability to keep up with demand is in part dependent on the production capacity of those companies. It also lags behind Samsung in some areas of chip development, such as adding a modem to the central processor to conserve space and power and transitioning from a 20-nanometer chip design to a more compact 16-nanometer format, which means even more transistors can be crammed into a smaller space.  If I was just arguing hardware and not Apple s marketing, I would say Samsung has the best processor,  says Mike Demler, a senior mobile chips analyst at the Linley Group, a technology consulting firm in Silicon Valley.

Or Apple could just be getting started. It relies on suppliers for Wi-Fi modems now, but will it forever?  I don t want to go into Wi-Fi specifically,  Srouji says.

Apple could also take a page from Tesla s playbook and start developing its own batteries.  I don t want to get into batteries too deeply,  he says.

And since Apple is doing a fine job with mobile processors, it could conceivably decide to get into conventional chips and bump Intel out of its Mac laptops and desktops. Srouji, of course, won t go there, though he does allow that his team s mission is finite.  If we attempt to do everything on the planet,  he says,  I don t think that would be very smart. 

 With reporting by Ian King Apple's iPhone sales fall for the first time, says Gartner Sales of Apple Inc. s iPhone dropped for the first time in the fourth quarter last year, as the company lost market share in an arena that is increasingly being taken over by phone makers in developing countries.

In the final quarter of 2015, iPhone sales dropped 4.4%, cutting Apple s AAPL, -0.53% market share to 17.7% from 20.4% in the same quarter of 2014, according to technology research company Gartner.

Overall, global smartphone sales for all manufacturers grew 9.7% quarter-on-quarter, the slowest rate of growth since 2008, Gartner found.

 Low-cost smartphones in emerging markets, and strong demand for premium smartphones, continued to be the driving factors,  said Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner, in a statement.  An aggressive pricing from local and Chinese brands in the midrange and entry-level segments of emerging markets led to consumers upgrading more quickly to affordable smartphones. 

Analysts had expected a slowdown in iPhone sales in the company s first quarter, partly due to muted enthusiasm over Apple s most recent iPhone 6s model. Apple CEO Tim Cook also pointed to challenges related to the strong dollar DXY, +0.40% as well as weakened currencies in Brazil, Russia and China, as the company brings in two-thirds of its revenue from overseas.

Apple s own numbers do not match those provided by Gartner. The company said it sold 74.77 million iPhones in its fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 26, surpassing sales of 74.5 million units a year earlier. See: Apple reports slowing growth in iPhone sales

Read: Apple reaches peak iPhone, so what now?

The Gartner report also cited currency headwinds, and Gupta explained that emerging market currencies have put pressure on many sellers to set up operations overseas.

 Current market conditions are prompting some vendors to consider setting up manufacturing operations in India and Indonesia to avoid being hit by future unfavorable currency devaluations and high import taxes,  Gartner said.

Partly due to Apple s iPhone struggles, as well as Google s strong earnings, Google GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% surpassed Apple to become the world s largest company by market value for a brief period this year.

In the worldwide smartphone space, Samsung Electronics Co. 005930, -0.94% had the biggest individual market share for the fourth quarter at 20.7%, up from 19.9% a year ago. For the whole of 2015, however, its market share fell to 22.5% from 24.7%.

 For Samsung to stop falling sales of premium smartphones, it needs to introduce new flagship smartphones that can compete with iPhones and stop the churn to iOS devices,  said Gupta.

Chinese smartphone maker Huawei Technology Co. Ltd. 002502, -2.91% saw the biggest jump in the fourth quarter, with sales surging 53%.

Despite its slowing iPhone sales, Apple did see an uptick in market share for the full year, at 15.9% from 15.4% for the previous year.

  Caitlin Huston contributed to this article. Apple Inc - Key US lawmaker suggests openness to encryption legislation after Apple order - Reuters  Apple Inc - U.S. CPSC says Apple recalls travel adapter kits and plugs - Reuters  
2016-01-28
4 Quotes Apple, Inc. Investors Shouldn't Overlook The record holiday quarter Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported on Tuesday wasn't enough for investors to turn optimistic, and its stock is down about 7% since. Slow growth in iPhone sales and guidance for a year-over-year decline in revenue for its second-quarter has investors concerned the company may be peaking.

With Apple's underwhelming results and guidance in mind, it's probably worth investors' time to take a closer look at the company's most recent update on its own performance. While investors can certainly learn quite a bit from the financial statements and press release for the quarter, one area that is often overlooked is the earnings call. And Apple's earnings call for its first fiscal quarter was particularly interesting.

Here are four key quotes from Apple's earnings call worth mulling over.

Android users are switching at higher rates

"[W]e were blown away by the level of Android switchers that we had last quarter," Apple CEO Tim Cook said when he was describing why he still believes iPhone sales can continue to grow over the long haul. "It was the highest ever by far."

This is obviously a good sign for the company, as the iPhone represents well over half of the tech giant's revenue; if the product loses its ability to attract customers from other platforms, investors would have a great reason to be concerned.

LTE penetration is low in China

One particular data point Apple management is excited about is the low LTE penetration in China.

"In terms of China, the LTE penetration as of the end of last October, which is the last data I've got, was in the mid-20s," Cook explained. "And so there's an enormous upgrade cycle there for people that are still running on 3G handsets."

A huge base of iPhone users haven't upgraded

Cook believes one potential catalyst for further iPhone growth is the larger number of users who have not upgraded to the latest iPhone.

The number of people who had an iPhone prior to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus announcements -- and so this was in September of 2014 that have not yet upgraded to a 6, 6 Plus or 6s or 6s Plus is now 60%. So, another way to think about that is 40% have, 60% have not.

This can be viewed from either a positive or a negative standpoint. While it does show that the addressable market for potential iPhone upgrades is large, it also suggests that the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus simply may not be driving the upgrades the company hoped for.

Expect an update on Apple's capital return program soon

As the company has done annually for the last several years, CFO Luca Maestri said Apple plans to "provide an update on our capital return program when we report our second quarter results in April."

So far, Apple has returned $153 billion of its $200 billion program to shareholders through dividends and repurchases. Repurchases represent the lion's share of this program, accounting for $110 billion of the capital returned.

Last year's update to the program was significant. The company increased its share repurchase authorization from $90 billion to $140 billion.

Despite Cook's reference to a few catalysts for further iPhone growth during the call, there are definitely still reasons to be concerned that Apple could have trouble growing in the future. Fortunately, Apple's conservative valuation alleviates much of this pressure. But it will still be worth keeping an eye on these catalysts Cook referred to during the call to see if they pan out as optimistically as management expects. It's Time to Lock In Apple Inc.'s 2%-Plus Dividend Yield Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) dividend yield is only around 2%, but through a combination of share buybacks and raises, it has the potential to become one of the most lucrative dividend investments around.

Current yield and stability

Apple has fallen under $100 a share. As a result of the drop, the company now sports a dividend yield over 2%. This is one of the most stable dividends in the market, backed by a net cash position of around $150 billion and tens of billions of dollars of annual earnings.

Apple may not offer the same rate of growth that it once did, however, it makes up for this with a combination of rock-solid earnings, dividends, and share repurchases. This implies that its future returns will come with less risk than buying shares in 2000, 2005, or even 2010 did. It's now a perfect time -- with the share price close to 52-week lows -- to consider picking up some Apple.

An increase around the corner?

Apple began paying a dividend in August 2012, has paid it every quarter since, and has raised it each May. It was bumped 15% in 2013 followed by yearly increases of 7.8% and 10.6%. The company currently pays $0.52 per share on a quarterly basis. Let's look at what your yield would be in May if you pick up shares now.

At $100 per share Apple, currently yields 2.08%. An 8% dividend increase would lead to a 2.25% yield, a 10% increase would yield 2.29%, and a 15% bump would yield 2.4%. The share price may have risen or fallen by the time May rolls around, but that doesn't affect your yield on cost.

Yield on cost

Imagine that you buy 100 shares of a company that trades for $10 per share and pays a $0.025 quarterly dividend (or $0.10 annually). It then appreciates 10% per year and raises its dividend payment 10% per year as well. After five years, it would trade for $16.11 and the annual payout would be $0.161. Someone looking at the stock then would see the same 1% yield that you saw when you bought shares five years earlier.

For you, the story is different. Assuming you didn't reinvest your dividends into more shares, which would further magnify returns, you would receive a yearly payment of $16.10 on your initial investment of $1,000. Your yield on cost for this position is now 1.61% to go along with $611 of capital gains. If you continue to hold and the company raise its payout further, this yield on cost will continue to increase. Buying Apple shares now and holding on for the next five to 10 years, and ideally longer, will allow you to experience this phenomenon for yourself.

Buybacks now, (bigger) dividends later

Apple is spending significantly more on share repurchases than dividends at the moment. This approach is great news for long-term income investors, for a few reasons.

Apple management believes that shares are undervalued and that buybacks are the best way to increase shareholder wealth. If shares are undervalued, then a buyback benefits remaining shareholders. Existing earnings are spread over a smaller base of shares, which leads to higher earnings per share. Apple should continue to focus on this approach while shares remain cheap.

Retiring shares has a direct benefit to income-seeking investors. Every share that Apple retires is one less dividend payment that the company must make every quarter going forward. If there are 100 shares outstanding and the annual payout is $1, then $100 leaves the company treasury each year for dividend payments. If 10% of outstanding shares are repurchased and retired, then only $90 must be paid in dividends, or the company can choose to allocate the "saved" $10 among the remaining 90 shares. Now each share is entitled to receive $1.11 instead of $1. This benefit becomes even more pronounced as the dividend continues to grow and the company realizes years of savings.

Through Q4 2015, Apple has bought back shares amounting to $104 billion while paying out "only" $35.7 billion in dividends. At some point, shares will no longer be cheap and management will begin to reverse these numbers. This situation may happen soon or may take many years, but at some point, shares will become fully valued, there will be no more shares left to repurchase, or the company will be taken private. It's not crazy to envision a doubling or tripling of the payout simply from a management decision to focus on dividends over buybacks.

Buy now for a huge dividend return

A share today has a yield of around 2.15%. In May, the yield on the initial purchase should be somewhere between 2.25% and 2.4%. Yearly raises in the range of 8% to 15% will continue to increase yield on cost, while a lowered share count will make it easier and easier for Apple to deliver substantial increases.

It's not hard to envision having a yield on cost of 5% to 10% or more in 10 years. The existing product line should allow Apple to deliver high-single-digit earnings growth, while new products and services might bump that figure higher. This situation should lead to market-beating returns over the long run. Apple is poised to become one of the best dividend stocks for the next 20 years, and I recommend taking a look at picking up some shares today. Apple Inc. and Boeing Slump as Stocks Drop After spending most of the day in slightly positive territory, stocks fell at the end of the trading session to finish the day solidly lower. By the closing bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) lost 223 points, or 1.4%, and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) fell 21 points, or 1.1%:

Indexes turned lower after the Federal Reserve said in a statement that Fed officials are "closely monitoring global economic and financial developments" for data that will inform their next key rate-setting decision in March . The central bank's December projections saw rates rising to 1.4% by the end of 2016, but new data on slowing economic growth could change that pace .

Weak quarterly reports also added to the bearish mood for stocks, as giants Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Boeing (NYSE:BA) both fell after announcing their fourth-quarter earnings figures.

Apple braces for a downturn

Apple's stock plunged 6% after the tech giant posted record sales and profits for the quarter ended on December 26, 2015. As CEO Tim Cook predicted three months ago, the iPhone business grew   but only by the smallest of margins -- as Apple sold 74.8 million iPhones compared to the prior year's 74.5 million units .

There was plenty for shareholders to cheer in these results, including an uptick in profitability, spiking services revenue, and a cash pile that grew to a whopping $216 billion. Investors instead chose to focus on Apple's cautious outlook. In the earnings conference call, Cook warned of challenging economic conditions in major markets including Brazil, Russia, Japan, and, for the first time, China. The company's projection for the current quarter called for sales of just $51.5 billion at the midpoint of guidance, below last year's $58 billion and below consensus estimates of $55.6 billion.

With the stock down 20% in the past three months, management could unleash some of its cash hoard to ramp up share repurchase spending. Meanwhile, executives said their main focus will be on placing aggressive innovation bets through R&D and capital expenditures, since those tend to pay off during times of global demand slumps. "Some of the most important breakthrough products in Apple's history were born as a result of investing through the downturn," Cook said.

Boeing scales back on planned deliveries

Aircraft manufacturing giant Boeing saw its stock dive 9% to touch a new 52-week low as Wall Street digested its fourth-quarter earnings numbers. The top and bottom line figures both showed healthy 6% adjusted growth as higher sales in the defense segment offset a 7% drop in commercial airplane deliveries.

Yet Boeing's outlook for the year ahead spooked investors. The company forecast a double-digit profit decline to $8.25 per share from last year's $9.33 per share haul. Revenue is also expected to fall significantly as the company expects to deliver just 745 commercial airplanes, compared to 2015's 762 deliveries .

On the plus side, management expects operating cash flow to improve over last year's result to reach a stellar $10 billion. That growth should help Boeing fund increasing cash returns to shareholders even if operating trends turn slightly lower this year. Bigger picture, management is focused on working through its diverse $500 billion backlog over the next few years. "We are well positioned for profitable growth and higher cash flow as we move into our second century in business," CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a press release. Apple Inc to open 22000-square-foot office across from BlackBerry's QNX in ... Apple Inc., one of the world s most-recognized technology companies, will open an office in Kanata, the Ottawa Citizen reported.

According to several sources in the Ottawa real estate community, the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant has leased a 22,000-square-foot space after searching in the capital area since at least October.

Apple has repeatedly refused comment on its Ottawa expansion, and on Wednesday again would not discuss whether its office   relatively modest at about 2.5 times the size of an average Apple retail outlet   is the beginning of any planned larger presence in the capital.

Related

The office is across the street from QNX Software Systems, a wholly owned division of BlackBerry Ltd. and a leading developer of the automotive software that is one of the tech industry s hottest fields.

Ottawa Apple executive S bastian Marineau-Mes is a former key QNX executive who left that company after a lengthy legal battle. Marineau-Mes, whose responsibilities included QNX s auto software platforms and the BlackBerry 10 operating system, was originally hired by Apple in September 2013, but his departure was delayed after BlackBerry, citing non-compete clauses in his contract, fought the hiring in court.

According to profiles on the online network LinkedIn, several members of Marineau-Mes s team have since left QNX for Apple. Among them are Payam Moradshahi, now listed as an iOS embedded bring-up engineer at Apple after spending almost six years at QNX, and Wadih Shaib, now a software engineer at Apple who spent close to seven years at QNX/BlackBerry.

Marineau-Mes did not return requests by the Citizen seeking comment on the new offices or Apple s intentions in the Ottawa area.

In a statement, QNX described reports of Apple s arrival in Ottawa, the position now held by Marineau-Mes and the loss of employees to the California company  rumours  and  speculation. 

As its parent company continues to sputter, QNX has proven itself the bright spot within the organization as it continues to gain market share among automotive manufacturers. Over the past 33 years QNX has pioneered software to allow cars to do everything from connecting to cellphones and playing music to autonomous driving. QNX software is installed in more than 50 per cent of all cars sold around the world.

Apple is on a quest to build its own automobile. Its Project Titan has reportedly hired staff from Tesla Motors, Texas Instruments, Volkswagen, Ford Motor Co. and Fiat Chrysler.

Apple s research and development budget jumped to US$8.07 billion U.S. in 2015, a 34-per-cent increase over 2014. Here's How Apple's Retail Chief Keeps Employees Happy Angela Ahrendts, senior vice president of retail and online stores at Apple Inc., center, tours an Apple Inc. store during the sales launch for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Palo Alto, California, U.S., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. Apple Inc.'s stores attracted long lines of shoppers for the debut of the latest iPhones, indicating healthy demand for the bigger-screen smartphones. The larger iPhone 6 Plus is already selling out at some stores across the U.S. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images

Angela Ahrendts, senior vice president of retail and online stores at Apple Inc., center, tours an Apple Inc. store during the sales launch for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Palo Alto, California, U.S., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. Apple Inc.'s stores attracted long lines of shoppers for the debut of the latest iPhones, indicating healthy demand for the bigger-screen smartphones. The larger iPhone 6 Plus is already selling out at some stores across the U.S. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Photograph by David Paul Morris   Bloomberg via Getty Images

Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts knows what it takes to keep her employees happy: Treat them like the "executives" they are.

Speaking to Fast Company in an interview published on Thursday, Ahrendts, who serves as Apple's senior vice president of retail and online stores, said that the iPhone maker ended 2015 with its highest-ever employee-retention rate: 81%. She said she believes Apple ( aapl ) has been able to keep employees happy because they're treated with respect.

"They don t feel like they re just somebody over here working with customers," Ahrendts said. "I don t see them as retail employees. I see them as executives in the company who are touching the customers with the products that Jony [Ive] and the team took years to build. Somebody has to deliver it to the customer in a wonderful way."

Ahrendts, who joined Apple in 2014 after leaving her post as CEO of luxury fashion company Burberry, has approximately 60,000 employees under her command who are strewn across the world in approximately 460 retail stores. She's also in charge of the company's online retail store.

Get Data Sheet , Fortune s technology newsletter.

Over the last several years, Apple's retail stores have become the framework by which all other retail stores are judged. The retail stores are open and bright, allowing consumers to see and use the products before they buy. Apple stores also have a Genius Bar, where employees are available to handle problems with iPhones, Macs, and other Apple products. And Apple has built up a retail force that has been commended by countless retail companies as well-educated and friendly. The Apple Store experience is widely viewed as tops in retail.

Ahrendts didn't create that atmosphere, but inherited it. The late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was instrumental in creating the retail experience customers now have in Apple stores, and former retail chief and J.C. Penney CEO Ron Johnson helped to expand upon that. Ahrendts, however, has been widely viewed by analysts and fellow executives as the key person to improve upon a formula that has worked for well over a decade.

In an exclusive interview with Fortune last year , Ahrendts said that she spent her first six months on the job evaluating how the Apple retail stores were operating and tried to understand employees. She told Fortune that her focus wasn't on the product, but rather the people that will ultimately make contact with the customers. Apple's retail retention rate has gone up under Ahrendts, and she's single-handedly bucked industry trends by nixing special deals on big holiday shopping days, like Black Friday, to save her employees from the stress.

For more, read: What the heck is Angela Ahrendts doing at Apple?

Ahrendts brings a new and important culture to Apple's retail stores, but that doesn't necessarily mean that it always works. By her own admission, Apple has an employee attrition rate of 19%, which, while low, is something the company wants to improve upon. And Ahrendts and Apple CEO Tim Cook told Fortune last year that they both would like to attack diversity issues in technology.

"If we re able to provide teaching to large groups, particularly underrepresented groups, then we can move the dial in a major way," Cook said. He added that a retail store could be the ideal place to launch such an experiment.

Still, while Ahrendts wants to believe Apple's retail store employees are "executives," there's one issue: They're not really executives. Ahrendts earned $73.4 million in stock and cash in her first year at the company and made over $25 million in compensation last year. Apple's employees make a far, far cry from that.

For more about Angela Ahrendts, watch:

However, Ahrendts told Fortune that "there's not a retailer in the world that pays what we pay to service customers."

But as Ahrendts argues in her interview with Fast Company , money isn't ultimately the deciding factor for becoming an Apple employee. Indeed, she argues that employees have the ability to "feel connected" to something bigger, to "one Apple."

"The culture is so strong," she said. "The pride, the protection, the values." Apple Acquires Education-Tech Startup LearnSprout Apple Inc. said it acquired education-technology startup LearnSprout, which creates software for schools and teachers to track students  performance.

Apple is working on education tools for the iPad, which will allow students to see interactive lessons, track their progress, and share tablet computers with peers. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," said Colin Johnson, a spokesman for Apple.

LearnSprout Chief Executive Officer Franklyn Chien didn t immediately respond to a request for comment. More than 2,500 school districts in 42 U.S. states use LearnSprout s software, according to the company s website.

The San Francisco startup has raised more than $4 million from investors, including Andreessen Horowitz and Formation 8. Bloomberg LP, the owner of Bloomberg News, is an investor in Andreessen Horowitz. LearnSprout competes with Clever, which has raised more than $40 million from Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and other investors. Apple Inc to voluntarily recall some AC wall plug adaptors - Reuters  
2016-12-19
Valuing Apple Using A Unique Free Cash Flow Ratio Discusses why Apple should do well this coming quarter despite the currency headwinds it must deal with.

In this article, I will present a real-time quantitative analysis of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), which will demonstrate the power of free cash flow in the investment process and then give an opinion on how an investor should act based on my results. From there I will also do a qualitative analysis that should explain why Apple's future prospects are still promising under a Trump administration.

Many years ago, while reading the Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK.B) (NYSE:BRK.A) 1986 letter to shareholders, I discovered a ratio, which Mr. Buffett entitled "Owner Earnings," or what we may consider to be Mr. Buffett's version of "Free Cash Flow." To my amazement, in that little footnote, Mr. Buffett explains how to use it and basically states that it is one of the key ratios that he and Charlie Munger used in analyzing stocks. In that article, he defined the term "owner earnings" as the cash that is generated by the company's business operations.

"[Owner earnings] represent (A) reported earnings plus (B) depreciation, depletion, amortization, and certain other non-cash charges less (C) the average annual amount of capitalized expenditures for plant and equipment, etc. that the business requires to fully maintain its long-term competitive position and its unit volume."

I have used this free cash flow ratio for decades, using data from the Value Line Investment Survey, whose founder was Arnold Bernhard. Mr. Bernhard was a big fan of free cash flow and probably introduced it sooner than Mr. Buffett did. I know this as I was able to calculate the FCF ratio using old Value Line's sheets for my 60-year backtest of the DJIA from 1950-2009.

In the backtest that I mentioned above, I demonstrated that if one can purchase a company whose shares are selling for 15 times or less its Price to Free Cash Flow Ratio, that the probability of success will dramatically increase in most cases. I have renamed the ratio the Bernhard Buffett Free Cash Flow ratio in honor of both men. The following is how each ratio below is calculated.

Price to Bernhard Buffett Free Cash Flow Ratio = Sherlock Debt Divisor/(net income per share + depreciation per share) + (capital spending per diluted share)

Sherlock Debt Divisor = Market Price Per Share - ((Working Capital - Long-Term Debt)/Diluted Shares Outstanding))

To begin our analysis, we must first analyze Apple's Sherlock Debt Divisor and here is a more detailed definition of what that ratio is:

SHERLOCK DEBT DIVISOR = A major concern that I have these days in analyzing companies is the amount of debt each takes on relative to its operations and whether management is abusing this situation by taking on more debt than it requires. Debt, when used wisely, allows for what is called leverage and leverage can be extremely beneficial within certain parameters. On the other side of the coin, the use of debt can also be excessive and put a company's future in jeopardy. So, what I have done to determine if a company's debt policy is beneficial or abusive, is to create the Sherlock Debt Divisor.

What the Divisor does is punish companies that use debt unwisely and rewards those who successfully use debt as leverage. How do I do this? Well, I take a company's working capital and subtract its long-term debt. If a company has a lot more working capital than long-term debt, I reward it and punish those whose long-term debt exceeds its working capital. So, if this result is higher than the current stock market price, then leverage is being used and the more leveraged a company is, the worse the results of this ratio will be and the less attractive its stock will be as an investment.

Thus, having successfully defined the Sherlock Debt Divisor, we need the following four bits of financial data in order to calculate it for Apple. TTM for those who don't know is "trailing 12 months" or as close to real time data as we can get, based on when each company reports.

Market Price Per Share = $115.97

Working Capital = Total Current Assets - Total Current Liabilities

Total Current Assets = $106,869,000,000

Total Current Liabilities = $79,006,000,000

Working Capital = $27,863,000,000

Long-Term Debt = $75,427,000,000

Diluted Shares Outstanding = 5,500,300,000

Sherlock Debt Divisor = Market Price Per Share - ((Working Capital - Long-Term Debt)/Diluted Shares Outstanding))

Sherlock Debt Divisor = $115.97 - (($27,863,000,000 - $75,427,000,000)/5,500,300,000))

Sherlock Debt Divisor = $115.97 - (-$8.64) = $124.61

Since Apple has more Long Term Debt vs. Working Capital, we, therefore, must punish it and use the new $124.78 as our new numerator in all our calculations.

Price to Bernhard/Buffett Ratio = Sherlock Debt Divisor/(net income per share + depreciation per share) + (capital spending per diluted share)

Sherlock Debt Divisor = $124.61

Net Income per diluted share = $45,687,000,000/5,500,300,000 = $8.31

Depreciation per diluted share = $10,505,000,000/5,500,300,000 = $1.90

Capital Spending per diluted share = $-12,734,000,000/5,500,300,000 = $-2.31

$8.31 + $1.90 + ($-2.31) = $7.90

Price to Bernhard/Buffett Free Cash Flow Ratio = $124.61/$7.90 = 15.77

Now if one goes to my FRIEDRICH LEGEND (on what is considered a good or bad result) you will notice that our result of 15.77 is between excellent and good.

Here is a chart that shows the last 10 years of results using my Price to Bernhard Buffett Free Cash Flow ratio.

When you add the data file below with all our ratios and Main Street prices, Apple has always been attractively priced.

The prices in both the chart and data file above only show fiscal year-end prices, but if you look at Apple's daily price chart below, going back to 2008, you would have had numerous opportunities to buy Apple below our ideal ratio result of 15.

For those looking for a time to sell Apple, our ratio's sell indicator is 30 times a company's Price to Bernhard Buffett Free Cash Flow, which would put Apple's sell price at 30 * $7.90 = $237 a share. Apple thus has a long way to go before it hits that result and even if it were to take on a lot more debt than it already has, it will still be safe to own in our opinion. Therefore, we can conclude that Apple's management uses its debt wisely.

Qualitative Analysis of Apple

Having shown how strong Apple is from a quantitative point of view, it is now time to analyze Apple from a qualitative point of view as well. Qualitative analysis includes such factors as:

Quality of Products

Competitors

Macroeconomic Conditions

Currency Effects

Economies of Scale

Global Diversification

Political Environment

Apple is known throughout its history as a producer of some of the highest quality products in the industries in which it operates. The company is constantly improving its products, while at the same time further increasing demand by expanding globally. Recently, it launched its second-generation Apple Watch 2:

Because Apple does not release the sales figures for the Apple Watch individually when it reports, many critics have used the product's past results to gauge future results for the company. But I recently bought the Apple Watch 2 for my wife for Christmas and she absolutely loves it and feels that it is an even more innovative product than the iPhone 7, which I bought her for her birthday. She was always skeptical about the Watch prior to owning it, but now that she owns one, she absolutely loves it. It seems that my wife is not the only one feeling this way going into the Holiday season as this is what Apple's CEO Tim Cook told Reuters on December 6th:

"Sales growth is off the charts. During the first week of holiday shopping, our sell-through (a measure of how many units are sold, rather than stocked on retailers' shelves) of Apple Watch was greater than any week in the product's history. We're on track for the best quarter ever," ~ CEO Tim Cook

Apple has also introduced a new version of its Mac Pro Laptop and is in a unique position to expand market share in the smartphone category as its main competitor Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) has recently had this happen to its Galaxy Phone product lines.

Samsung suspends all sales of troubled Galaxy Note 7 devices

Samsung Galaxy J5 next to explode

Therefore, Apple should get an additional bump in sales this quarter as its main competitor has not only stopped selling its top of the line competitor to the Apple iPhone 7, but has even stopped production of it globally.

As Apple increases sales, the power of "Economies of Scale" enters into the picture, which is simply a proportionate saving in costs gained by an increased level of production. Unfortunately, the strong US Dollar has erupted recently and that should hurt overseas revenues, as Apple is a US multinational. I would bet that Apple's management already has a full currency hedging strategy in place, but the US Dollar has gone up some 11% since July and even the best hedging strategy cannot curtail the effects of such a rapid rise in the US Dollar.

Despite the strong U.S. Dollar, it is my belief that Apple may still beat estimates in the quarterly earnings season coming up and may be one of the few Dow 30 Index (NYSEARCA:DIA) components to do so. Here is my article on why most of the other components in the Index may not be so lucky.

Going forward, the major concern for Apple's management is probably going to be the global uncertainty caused by the recent election of President-elect Donald Trump. The Trump administration is determined to change the way things are done in Washington D.C. and on Main Street throughout the world. Apple's management is probably worried that the Trump administration may start a trade war with China and since most of Apple's production is done in China, that cannot be good for the company, or for any other US multinational.

Over the last 10 years, the strong US Dollar has also helped companies like Apple expand globally by reducing the costs of production dramatically, but if the US Dollar continues its upward rise it may make Apple's products more expensive overseas and negate the production cost benefits it has achieved. A trade war with tariffs employed will hurt Apple, but if the company can repatriate its massive overseas cash hoard back to the USA and if the Trump administration can cut corporate taxes by 57%, bringing the corporate tax rate from 35% down to 15%, then Apple will be swimming in more cash than it knows what to do with.

If the above were to happen then, in my opinion, management will not build factories nor bring production back to the US in any significant way, but instead will pay off its debt, buy back shares and increase the dividend and that will cause investors to pile into Apple stock. But this will likely not happen overnight or in the first 100 days of a Trump administration (could take till late 2018 to go into effect). Thus, it is clear that investors may have been putting the cart before the horse with the recent rally we have seen in the US markets. If President Trump is successful in his plans, then Apple will benefit greatly and if he is not, Apple will still do well. There are very few companies that I know of, which I can say the same thing about.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: DISCLAIMER: This analysis is not advice to buy or sell this or any stock; it is just pointing out an objective observation of unique patterns that developed from our research. Factual material is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the poster is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results of actions taken based on information contained herein. Nothing herein should be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities or to give individual investment advice. 
2016-11-10
Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) May Have More Trouble Than Trump is joining its "FANG" counterparts today, slumping on fears that Donald Trump's presidency will be unfavorable to tech . Trump has a history of taking aim at AAPL, criticizing its outsourcing practices and refusal to unlock the iPhone of San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook. In fact, earlier today, Apple CEO Tim Cook sent a reassuring memo to his staff, promising the company will remain "open to all" following a divisive election season.With that in the backdrop, the tech stock was last seen 2.3% lower at $108.30. This comes as a surprise, considering AAPL has been testing its historically supportive 80-day moving average in recent days. By the numbers, the shares have hit this trendline nine times within the past three years, and have averaged a five-day return of 1.9% (with two-thirds positive), as well as a 21-day gain of 5% (with three-quarters positive).If AAPL does in fact diverge from its historical trend of bouncing off the 80-day, recent call buyers could get burned. During the last 50 sessions at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), traders have bought to open nearly twice as many calls as puts. The resultant call/put volume ratio of 1.94 ranks only 10 percentage points from a 52-week high.Likewise, bullish brokerage firms may need to start rethinking their positions. At last count, 27 analysts had dished out "buy" or better opinions, compared to four "holds" and two "strong sells." Plus, AAPL's average 12-month price target of $131 stands at a 21% premium to current levels -- and rests in annual-high territory. So, not only could the shares face pressure as bullish options traders unwind, they could also be hit by potential downgrades and/or price-target cuts.One potential catalyst for a move lower could be weak holiday sales. From the looks of it, Apple may not be off to a hot start, as we head into the homestretch of 2016. In a note to investors, Drexel Hamilton said AAPL's October sales build was more modest than usual, at 6% month-over-month. Meanwhile, supplier Hon Hai reported a historically weak 1% month-over-month sales increase, as did Pegatron, with sales actually declining 0.2% last month. However, the firm made sure to note that this came in the wake of September's strong numbers.Last but not least, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has failed to impress on the charts in recent weeks. Following its most recent highs north of $118 throughout mid-to-late October, the tech stock has tumbled nearly 9%. As a result, the shares have underperformed the broader S&P 500 Index (SPX) by nearly 11 percentage points in the past month.

Let us help you profit from market volatility. Target big gains in short order with a 30-day trial of Schaeffer's Weekly Volatility Trader! 
2016-06-04
The Ins and Outs of Apple Inc.'s Contract Manufacturing Model In the 1990s, Tim Cook shifted Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) away from the in-house domestic manufacturing model it was using to a much more operationally efficient contract-based model that works with manufacturers overseas. Taking all those jobs out of the U.S. was part of what allowed Apple to grow as it has.

In this segment from the Industry Focus: Tech podcast, Dylan Lewis and Evan Niu explain the main reasons why the company made the shift, and how the contracts work today. Also, they take a look into Apple's main parts manufacturer, Foxconn, and the fascinating existence of the "campus-like" Foxconn City, where many of its employees live. Though Foxconn is the best-known contract manufacturer for Apple, there are other names you should now know too.

A full transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on May 27, 2016.

Dylan Lewis: Evan, I've seen estimates that roughly 90% of the iPhones come from outside the U.S., you think that's about right?

Evan Niu: Yeah it sounds about right. I know it's a lot, very little of it comes from inside the U.S. these days. They have other products that are made here like the Mac Pro, but as far as the iPhone goes, it's mostly abroad, yeah.

Lewis: I don't know how much that really is different than the component breakdown in the past, maybe in the early '90s, mid '90s for standard consumer tech stuff, but one of the major changes that Apple underwent really with Tim Cook, was this idea of changing from having their own in-house manufacturing, their own in-house warehouses, company-owned, to moving to this contract-manufacturing type relationship.

Niu: Yeah they did that I think in the late '90s or so. They used to make Macs in the U.S. in California. They just realized that it was way too expensive in-house. A lot of it is also the engineering and manufacturing talent you can get now. Because of course a lot of people criticize that they won't bring those jobs back in the U.S. but Apple's defense nowadays is, it's not just about low-cost labor, it's also about, you don't have as many mid-level manufacturing engineers available in the U.S. anymore, just because, as an economy we don't have as many of those types of jobs. That's not the type of education that we focus on anymore, and there's a ton of that over there.

Including the lower-cost labor, they have more people that are within the specific skill sets that they need to ramp up the manufacturing. I think, a long time ago, they said you could fit every single manufacturing engineer within a baseball stadium. In the country, that's just how many there are now. Over in China, Foxconn can get hundreds of thousands of engineers within a couple hours if they need them to make some change, or tweak some processor. There's a lot of sides to the story why they do it like that.

Lewis: This pivot, this decision by the business to go to this contract-manufacturing relationship. It was really something that Tim Cook pushed aggressively. For all the praise that Steve Jobs gets as this design, branding, user-experience mastermind. This is where Tim Cook's expertise really is, in operational efficiency and just running a business extremely well from a supply chains point of view. He has really pushed the business to where they are now, where they rely heavily on Foxconn and Pegatron, to name two, as these contract manufacturers. Listeners, just so you have an idea if you don't know what this term means. Basically, Apple doesn't own any of the facilities where iPhones are being assembled.

Niu: Well they own, let me just add in that they own a bunch of the manufacturing tooling and the equipment. A lot of their capital expenditures these days are, they buy the actual infrastructure and the gear, and then they put that inside of the facilities that they don't own. They kind of own a lot of the stuff, and Foxconn owns the factory and then they hire the people, and then they operate that stuff. I mean their capex is like 10 million yuan, which is insane. Majority of that goes to this product tooling that sits in Asia inside a factory facility.

Lewis: Yeah. I'm glad you hopped in and clarified there. But, largely they're paying these manufacturers to put together their devices and then ship them over, right?

Niu: Right.

Lewis: Foxconn is the name that you will hear the most, and when you hear that name you often think of Foxconn City. Which is the company's largest manufacturing plant, and that's in Shenzhen, China. So chances are, if you're holding an iPhone -- or listening to this episode on an iPhone -- it was put together in China. On that one campus alone, and when I say campus, I mean that that's kind of the vibe that you get looking around. If you ever see pictures of this setup, it's incredible.

They have hundreds of thousands of employees working there. It's over a square mile, and they have dorms for employees, its own shopping center, I think they have their own cable network there. The executives there are likening it to this college experience -- I think it's kind of a stretch. You have people working 12 hour days, 6 days a week, putting together iPhones. That one Foxconn City location is just one of the 12 that the company has in China. Actually, folks following tech might have heard earlier this week, Foxconn announced it automated 60,000 jobs in one of its factories. Going back to that idea of providing some of the tooling, I'm sure Apple had something to do with that.

Niu: Yeah, I wonder if they helped fund some of that affair. If they're going to be using those robots for primarily iPhone production, it would make sense that Apple helped them pay for some of that.

Lewis: Yeah. We don't have firm details on that, but it wouldn't be a stretch by any means.

Niu: Right.

Lewis: More recently, Apple added Pegatron -- that's a name I mentioned earlier -- as another contract manufacturer. I think this was maybe 2012 or so, 2013. I think there were two big reasons for this. One of them was diversification, to downplay the risk of relying solely on one contract manufacturer so heavily like Foxconn. I think maybe another was in a response to the company's increasingly complex, fragmented product offering. They wanted to have that split among a couple different suppliers, just because of some of the specialization required to produce the different sizes and models, and form factors. If you're listening to this show on an iPhone, chances are it started out in a Foxconn or Pegatron factory, most likely in China, which I think of as a testament to the growth and diversification strategy among their contract manufacturers. Recently, they've added another Taiwan-based company to this list: Wistron. Just another thing to keep an eye out for. 
2016-10-19
Report: Apple, Inc. to Unveil New Macs Next Week After rescheduling its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report earlier this month due to a "scheduling conflict," many wondered if Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was planning a product event. Sure enough, the tech giant is set to launch new Macs on Oct. 27, according to a report from Recode on Monday evening.

What to expect

Assuming Recode's report is accurate (the technology news website founded by longtime tech journalists Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher has proved to be a reliable source in cases like this), the event will be focused on new Macs and is "expected to take place at or near Apple's Cupertino campus rather than in San Francisco."

While Recode doesn't specify which new Mac models will be updated on Thursday, rumors in the active Apple rumor mill point to a likely launch of new MacBook Pro models.

MacRumors expects the new MacBook Pro to get a total overhaul, taking some design cues from the new Macbook:

The new MacBook Pro is said to include a redesigned, thinner body with a flatter MacBook-style keyboard, an OLED touch panel that replaces the physical function keys at the top of the keyboard, and Touch ID support. It is expected to do away with the USB-A port, HDMI port, and SD card slot, featuring just four USB-C ports based on part leaks, and it is said to include support for USB 3.1 and Thunderbolt 3.

Other products that could potentially be refreshed on Thursday are Apple's Macbook Air, iMac, Mac Pro, and Mac mini -- all overdue for a refresh.

Why it matters

Assuming Apple can begin shipping any announced products soon after its event, an Oct. 27 product event would be well timed. New Macs launching shortly after the event would give Apple a fresh new lineup as it heads into the important holiday season. Further, this would mean Apple would get to show off new Mac products to customers visiting the Apple store to upgrade to the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were announced in September.

It's difficult to overstate the importance of Apple's holiday quarter. It is historically the company's biggest. In Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2016, for instance, the company posted a record $75.9 billion in quarterly revenue -- up 47% from the fiscal fourth quarter of 2015.

On average, analysts currently expect revenue during the holiday quarter of $74.6 billion, up a whopping 76% sequentially but down 1.7% year over year. Could hot, new Macs be what Apple needs to push total revenue into year-over-year growth for the quarter?

At about 12% of Apple's revenue, overhauled Mac products could have a small, but noticeably positive, impact on the company's top and bottom line, particularly since the segment is already in need of new products based on declining Mac sales in recent quarters. In Q1, Q2, and Q3, Apple's Mac revenue decreased year over year, with segment revenue declining a steep 13% year over year in Q3. New Macs, therefore, have the potential to bring the segment back to growth and possibly even give Apple's overall revenue and earnings a boost.

Apple's rescheduled earnings release for its fiscal fourth quarter will take place on Tuesday, Oct. 25 -- two days before Apple's rumored product event. Will robust expectations for new Mac products help Apple provide guidance for year-over-year revenue growth for Q1? Apple Supplier Laird Plunges on 'Brutal' Price Competition Laird Plc dropped the most on record after the supplier to Apple Inc. pared its outlook, citing  brutal  price competition from Asian parts providers and sluggish demand from the mobile industry.

Competitors in Asia are driving down prices, leading to continuous rounds of negotiations with customers, Chief Executive Officer Tony Quinlan said on a conference call. Laird fell 49 percent to 158.40 pence in London, slashing its market value by more than 400 million pounds ($492 million).

The London-based company, which makes tiny metal parts like battery contacts, springs and speaker covers for smartphones, predicted annual pretax profit of about 50 million pounds, about 32 percent below the average analyst estimate.

 Something is changing in the industry and we don t have full visibility,  said Thomas Rands, an analyst at Investec. Executives at Laird don t  seem to have their head around it at the moment, which is enabling their competitors to be more competitive on price. 

Quinlan declined to name Apple on the call, referring only to the company s  big customer.  Apple lists Laird as a supplier on its website, as does rival Samsung Electronics Co.

CEO s Departure

Former Laird CEO David Lockwood left in August to take the top job at defense contractor Cobham Plc, and he was replaced by Quinlan, the former chief financial officer.

 Lockwood s departure was unsettling given the monumental task the company had in front of it to meet second-half targets,  Berenberg analyst Benjamin May said. With total debt of 348 million pounds,  the company could be forced into a situation where it needs to review its capital structure more carefully. 

One big Laird shareholder, which asked not to be named, said it would support the company if it opts to raise money via a shareholder rights issue, saying its wireless business needs continued investment to remain competitive. Laird declined to comment on any financing plans.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

After a weak first half, the company said it had expected an improvement that did not materialize. Apple said in July that it sold 40.4 million iPhones in the three months ended June 25, down 15 percent from a year earlier and 21 percent from the previous quarter. Samsung has been roiled by problems with its Galaxy Note 7 phone, which it stopped making after a number of the devices caught on fire.

Poor Visibility

The problem with the Note 7  hasn t helped,  Quinlan said, though the impact on Laird has been  relatively  small.

Revenue in the third quarter was up 29 percent to 207 million pounds, but that was lifted by acquisitions and by favorable currency conversion rates after the U.K. s vote to leave the European Union. On an organic basis at constant rates, sales were down 4 percent. Earnings Party: Deutsche Bank Weighs in on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Netflix, Inc ... As the earnings season rolls on, Deutsche Bank analysts are weighing in with differing takes on tech giants, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and (NASDAQ:NFLX). Though both analysts recognize positive aspects, they maintain a cautious stance when considering long-term prospects. Let s take a closer look:

Apple Inc.

As Apple prepares to post its third-quarter print on Tuesday, October 25th, Deutsche Bank analyst Sherri Scribner finds that though preliminary expectations for iPhone sales for the quarter were  muted  heading into the launch, thanks to heavy promotion from all four U.S. carriers, demand is likely to be pulled  forward  and drive  stronger-than-expected initial iPhone 7 orders.  Therefore, Scribner raises iPhone estimates to 46 million for third quarter and forecasts 75 million by fourth quarter.

Additionally, the analyst believes rival Samsung s hurdles with the Galaxy Note certainly did not hurt sentiment surrounding Apple, although  given the different ecosystems,  Galaxy Note buyers are also most likely not a  significant opportunity  for the tech titan.

Scribner believes,  Given increased build plans at Asian suppliers and a boost from short-lived U.S. carrier promotions, we are raising our iPhone estimates to 46M in C3Q and 75M in C4 Q. While we expect some upside to results versus management s original guidance, we believe investor expectations have already moved higher and are reflecting a beat and potential raise. We expect positive iPhone comments to continue in the next 1-2 months, which should support the shares into year- end. However, we remain market weight on Apple longer term given slowing smartphone growth and elongating refresh cycles in mature markets. 

The analyst keeps her eyes peeled to these  key inhibitors  to the company s long-term growth and contends,  we remain cautious on the shares long term, given the fundamentals of the Apple s main market. 

As such, Scribner reiterates a Hold rating on shares of AAPL with a $108 price target, which represents an 8% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Sherri Scribner is ranked #131 out of 4,180 analysts. Scribner has a 71% success rate and garners 17.5% in her annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Scribner gains 13.8% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 36 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on AAPL, 4 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $130.42, marking an 11% upside from where the shares last closed.

Netflix, Inc.

Last week, Deutsche Bank analyst Bryan Kraft initiated a Sell on Netflix. While the analyst remains bearish on the streaming platform, he notes in regards to his first call on the stock that  clearly it was wrong in the short term  after NFLX performed stronger than expected in third-quarter earnings and fourth-quarter guidance reported on Monday.

As such, Kraft reiterates a Sell rating on NFLX while raising the price target from $90 to $92, which represents a nearly 23% downside from where the shares last closed.

The analyst notes,  3Q provided evidence of a slower than expected deceleration in US subscriber growth, despite pricing un-grandfathering driving higher churn. Management noted that there is room for churn improvement in the US from these favor able comps next year. 4Q guidance was also better than our forecast. US deceleration is a key tenet of the bear case,  adding that management does not forecast a  significant  rise in international net subscription adds for next year,  which represents the bull case.  However, management does hope to  make some progress. 

Ultimately,  We think that considering the 20% increase in after-market trading, we reiterate our Sell rating given our forecast and PT. As we indicated in our initiation, we are positive on Netflix s business model, however, we think medium-long term expectations for profit growth (and thus valuation) are too high. The market s expectations for 3Q, in contrast, were low (most expected a miss on subscriber s) and guidance proved to be conservative, thus driving the sharp increase,  Kraft concludes.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, five-star analyst Bryan Kraft is ranked #204 out of 4,180 analysts. Kraft has a 73% success rate and realizes 16.0% in his yearly returns. When recommending NFLX, Kraft earns 0.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate NFLX as a Buy. Based on 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 17 rate a Buy on NFLX, 10 maintain a Hold, while 7 issue a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $106.52, marking a 10% downside from where the stock is currently trading. 
2016-10-27
Don't Expect a Single Apple Inc. A-Series Powered Mac Today Later today, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will have its long-awaited product launch event, and many people will be looking to see whether new MacBooks will be powered by Apple's own A10X processor rather than a processor from longtime Mac processor supplier, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Ahead of the reveal, I'm going to make a not-so-bold prediction and say that every MacBook Apple announces at this event will be powered by an Intel processor.

Author J.M. Manness, writing for Seeking Alpha, recently argued that some of the new Mac computers could sport Apple's own processor. The author cites a variety of reasons, including a recent "clue" embedded in a source code file related to Mac OS X, for why this will be the case -- though that clue was thoroughly debunked in this post over at RealWorldTech. Here are a couple of common-sense reasons why I disagree.

No financial evidence that Intel has lost this year's Macs

Perhaps the most convincing pieces of evidence are Intel's financial results in the third quarter and its guidance for the fourth quarter.

Apple is far from Intel's largest customer, but if one assumes that Intel sells Apple around 20 million chips per year at an average price of around $150, then it's not farfetched to assume that Intel's annual Apple-related revenue comes in at about $3 billion.

Even in the context of the nearly $60 billion in revenue that Intel is expected to bring in this year, that's not a small number. So if Apple were planning to ditch Intel in a high-volume Mac product, like a MacBook, then Intel would almost certainly report a sizable drop in revenue related to that design.

Instead, Intel positively pre-announced a much better-than-expected third quarter, largely because of better personal-computer chip sales, and its revenue in the fourth quarter is expected to be nearly the same as it was in the third quarter.

In a nutshell, there's no financial evidence to suggest that Intel will be missing from a new Mac.

Apple A10X won't be ready

Apple's current tablet-class processor, the A9X, has been in the market for nearly a year and isn't as fast as the latest Intel mobile processors. The A10X would be a more realistic option, but there's a catch: the A10X chip is expected to be manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) 10-nanometer manufacturing technology.

TSMC has gone on record to say it doesn't expect to recognize revenue from this technology until the first quarter of 2017. To support a MacBook launch on Oct. 27, Apple would have needed to put the A10X into production in the late June-to-early July timeframe. Considering that TSMC's 10-nanometer process wasn't ready to begin mass production at that point, this is a complete non-starter.

Now, Apple is expected to launch new iMacs in the middle of the first half of 2017, per Ming-Chi Kuo, so the A10X would be ready in time for those devices. However, it's extremely unlikely that Apple would outfit any member of its iMac line with a mobile-focused A10X chip that simply can't run macOS or any of the software that's written for it. A10X implements the ARM architecture; macOS is designed around the Intel, or x86, architecture.

Don't bet on seeing Intel get kicked out of the Mac anytime soon

There will always be those looking to bet on seeing Intel evicted from the Mac, and one day it may very well happen. However, as long as Intel continues to deliver excellent processors aimed at the notebook and desktop personal computer markets, I believe that the company will continue to enjoy many more years of Mac-related revenue. Apple, Inc. Will Have Trouble Catching Up to Microsoft's New Surface Studio If ... Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has jumped into the all-in-one (AIO) PC market with a splash. The new Surface Studio looks like a strong competitor in the AIO market, particularly as it relates to creative professionals that value stylus inputs and a large digital canvas to work on. With the unveiling being just yesterday, it's clearly too early to call it at this point. But there's a nontrivial chance that Surface Studio proves to be a hit.

If it does, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will have trouble catching up feature-wise (though Microsoft has a long way to go to catch up revenue-wise).

Convergence vs. divergence

On Apple's earnings call earlier this week, CEO Tim Cook assured investors that Apple can adapt quickly to changing market conditions. "We have a strong sense of where things go and we're very agile to shift as we need to," Cook said. He was responding to an analyst question about Apple's strategic direction and whether or not Apple can react quickly, given its sheer size.

Here's the thing: Several years ago, Apple made a conscious decision as to its strategic direction and that decision is precisely what could hurt its ability to react. Back when the debate between touch input vs. traditional input was raging on, Apple made a decisive call that it would keep macOS and iOS separate. MacOS would rely on keyboard, mouse, and trackpad input, while iOS would be predominantly touch-based. That guided the developmental directions of both platforms, and still does to this day.

Simply put, Apple chose to diverge its platforms, while Microsoft chose to converge its platforms.

Oh, the irony

Marketing chief Phil Schiller describes it in the MacBook Air video from 2010 (starting at the 1:14 mark). The concern was the ergonomic challenge associated with holding your hand up interacting with a vertically oriented display for extended periods of time. Fatigue sets in rapidly. Apple's decision was to focus on the trackpad for gestures and touch input. Most touch-based Windows 10 desktops suffer from the same problem. Surface Studio addresses this ergonomic challenge with its clever hinge design.

But Microsoft started building in support for touch-based input years ago, starting with Windows 8. To be sure, Windows 8 was a wreck, but it laid the foundations of touch-based input that Microsoft has built upon and refined since then. Apple, on the other hand, has never supported this scale of touch input in macOS, and this isn't the type of thing you can slap together overnight. Ironically, cobbling touch input together without thinking it through is why the first tablet movement fell flat in the early 2000s. Apple can't react quickly and replicate Surface Studio with a touch-based iMac.

Apple thought of this years ago

It's also worth noting that this isn't some oversight on Apple's part. The company had this same idea in 2010. Apple patented an "iMac Touch" concept that year, with a dual-hinge design that would do exactly what Surface Studio does. Patently Apple picked up on it in August 2010.

Yet for some reason, Apple never went with the idea. Did Apple ever prototype this iMac Touch? Probably. Could it eventually build support for broader touch-based input into macOS? Over time. But by actually pulling the trigger first, Microsoft has a shot at upstaging Apple with an idea that the Mac maker came up with a long time ago -- but never acted on. Nikkei: Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Release Three All-Glass iPhone 8 Models in 2017 Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) may have disappointed some fans and investors with an overly familiar looking iPhone 7. But next year is shaping up to be very different. Japan s Nikkei Asian Review is reporting that AAPL is not only switching up to three iPhone 8 models, but that all three will drop the metal back to go all glass.

Source: Apple

In other words, for its 10th anniversary, the new iPhone will look completely different from what s out there today.

Including the dozens of smartphones   like Google Pixel from Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Galaxy S7 from Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS: SSNLF )   that have clearly been influenced by the design Apple introduced with the iPhone 6.

Nikkei s iPhone 8 Report

Citing industry sources, Nikkei Asian Review says:

 Apple has tentatively decided that all the 5.5-inch, 5-inch and 4.7-inch models will have glass backs, departing from metal casings adopted by current iPhones, and Biel and Lens are likely to be providing all the glass backs for the new iPhones next year. 

Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd.-ADR (OTCMKTS: HNHPF )   better known as Foxconn   currently manufactures the bulk of Apple s metal case backing for the iPhone. It s responsible for the iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE and a chunk of iPhone 7 orders.

Nikkei, however, claims Foxconn lacks the technological know-how to make the glass backs for the iPhone 8. It s suggesting Chinese firms Biel Crystal and Lens Technology Co Ltd will get the nod from Apple Inc. to make this key component for the glass iPhone.

That report also suggests AAPL is planning to move from a two model lineup to three with the iPhone 8. It s not clear at this point whether the iPhone SE will continue to be offered, but it seems likely considering that the smallest iPhone 8 remains the current 4.7-inches.

10th Anniversary iPhone 8 Could be a  Smash  Hit

Apple has a history of offering all-glass iPhones. While most people today think of the the Apple smartphone as the one that launched the aluminum and glass look, 2010 s iPhone 4 and then the iPhone 4s featured glass backs.

Shattered iPhones back then were common, which probably one reason why AAPL made the move to an aluminum back, starting with the iPhone 5.

Next Page Apple grows its real estate holdings Apple is widely known for being super-secretive (see this post from Quora, for example). But the price of being a public company means that several times a year, they are required to peel the onion back a bit. At least, they have to peel it back enough to file three 10-Qs, a 10-K, and a proxy each year.

Yesterday, the company filed its 10-K. And while you won t find any juicy details about its high-profile driverless car project, which according to various media reports has been abandoned, or whatever the iPhone 8 will bring, that doesn t mean that the 120-page filing isn t worth a close read.

[drizzle]Take, for instance, its disclosure on its real estate holdings. For years, Apple has disclosed a single number for the property it owned and leased; then it broke out the amount that was leased, which included Apple s retail empire. To get the number for how much property the company owned, you had to do a little math.

As you might expect, Apple s real estate holdings have grown considerably over the past decade. In 2006, the company said it owned 1.9 million square feet of space, mostly in and around its Cupertino headquarters. It reportedly leased another 3.6 million square feet. Five years later, the company said it owned over 6 million square feet of space and leased another 7 million square feet. By 2015, those numbers were 25.6 million owned or leased, with 18.5 million square feet leased.

But this year, the company tweaked its disclosure and said it now owned 7.1 million square feet of space and leased another 22.3 million square feet. That means that sometime over the past year, Apple leased nearly 4 million additional square feet of space for something. But we couldn t find any additional disclosures on where that space was or what it was being used for. The only real clue is that this space is  primarily in the U.S.,  but apparently not exclusively in the U.S.

In its 2015 filing, the company provided a few more details, including that it owned a manufacturing facility in Cork, Ireland, a warehouse and distribution operation in Elk Grove, Calif., and another facility in Mesa, Arizona. But this year, the company took out those details and instead said it  owned facilities and land for R&D, corporate functions and data centers at various locations throughout the U.S. 

There was also a big increase in the amount of undeveloped land that Apple owns. A year ago, that number was 1,757 acres. But in yesterday s filing, that number had grown to 2,583 acres. That s nearly a 50% increase in acreage owned in one year. And yet, unlike in 2015, where the company provided some details about its future land use plans, there was no additional disclosure on where that land was purchased or what it would be used for. There s obviously the long-delayed new campus, although various media reports put the size of the actual campus at under 200 acres.

This type of limited disclosure means that Apple s attorneys have decided that neither the big increase in leased space nor the nearly 50% increase in owned acreage are material to the company. And, given Apple s size, that probably meets the legal definition for purposes of required SEC disclosures.

But it s still an awful lot of property to acquire and not account for in just one year. And its shows   yet again   that Apple s secretive nature isn t just limited to its gadgets.

By Michelle Leder of Footnoted.com

[/drizzle] 
2016-02-09
This Important Apple Inc. Supplier Talks Future Tech One critically important aspect of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone and, indeed, its entire product line is the display. Although display makers have a very tough time actually making money due to the high level of competition in the market (you won't see this Fool investing in an Apple display supplier anytime soon), the display is what the user looks at and interacts with.

Advancements in display technology are ultimately quite visible (pun completely intended) to the end user and, in my view, can be major upgrade drivers.

Apple's main iPhone display supplier, Japan Display (heretofore referred to by its common acronym, JDI), recently held a presentation discussing its current and future display technologies. Although much of the presentation isn't likely to be useful/interesting to investors, there were some key takeaways that I believe are worth sharing.

JDI is really championing LCDs, despite planning OLED mass production in 2018

There have been a number of press reports suggesting that Apple is planning to transition its iPhones away from LCDs toward a different technology known as OLEDs. Some of the advantages of OLEDs include the ability to be easily "curved" (e.g., Galaxy S6 Edge) as well as the fact that such displays can render "perfect" black levels (leading to effectively "infinite" contrast ratios).

In the presentation, JDI said that it will begin mass production of OLEDs in calendar year 2018. Given that Apple is expected to transition to OLEDs in the 2018 time frame, it's clear that JDI wants to fight to hang on to as many iPhone display orders as possible for those future iPhones in the face of very strong competition from Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Display and LG Display (NYSE:LPL).

However, even as the company says it will begin mass producing OLEDs in about two years' time, the company spent a lot of slides extolling the virtues of LCDs.

In particular, JDI spent a slide demonstrating the benefits of very high pixel per inch (i.e., high resolution) displays, arguing that there is actually value to producing smartphones with displays of up to 800 pixels per inch.

JDI was obviously setting the stage to promote the fact that it is developing 5.5-inch mobile displays touting a display resolution of 2160 by 3840, or an astounding 806 pixels per inch.

Indeed, later in the presentation, JDI showed the following slide comparing LCDs and OLEDs in various important characteristics:

According to the company, LCDs handle high pixel densities better than OLEDs do, are more reliable, cheaper, and are more conducive to "narrow border[s]." JDI's table here shows OLED in the lead for applications requiring that a display be "flexible."

What does this all mean for iPhone?

It is widely believed that Apple's next-generation iPhones will continue to use LCDs, with Digitimes reporting that JDI will be Apple's main display supplier for those phones. I suspect that JDI's focus on increasing display pixel density isn't just for show; major customers are likely interested in offering higher-resolution displays.

I don't think we'll see a 4K display on next-generation iPhone Plus models, but I would be highly surprised if we didn't see improvements in display resolution in both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, respectively.

Additionally, it has been two years since Apple launched the iPhone 6/6 Plus, so Apple and JDI have had about two years to collaborate on bringing some significant advances to next-generation iPhone-bound LCDs. I can't wait to see what they've cooked up for this fall. 
2016-08-16
Why Apple (AAPL) Needs to Double Its Dividend Immediately Apple Inc. (ticker: AAPL) is having an identity crisis. The iconic Silicon Valley heavyweight desperately needs to become a tried-and-true dividend stock   a steady Eddie that cuts shareholders a hefty check four times a year.

Something like Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and Intel Corp. (INTC).

Yes, Apple already pays a dividend. That s true. But it s also a shamelessly insufficient dividend. While the 2.1 percent yield may not seem like a total skimp job on the surface, it most assuredly is.

There are a few reasons the current dividend just doesn t cut it   and why AAPL stock owners would be best served if the company moved to dramatically increase the dividend sooner rather than later.

A modest increase of, say, 50 percent, conservatively, would seem reasonable at the outset.

AAPL has hundreds of billions in cash. Let s start with the basics. Apple is liquid. The Cupertino, California-based techie has a whopping $231.5 billion in its bank account.

And yet last quarter Apple only spent $13 billion on capital return programs via stock buybacks and dividends. A pesky $3 billion of that came in the form of dividends.

That s a questionable way to structure its capital return program, says Eric Ervin, CEO of Reality Shares, an ETF sponsor focused exclusively on dividend growth.

 A buyback program flatters per-share earnings numbers and supports the company s share price,  Ervin says. But  a dividend program would return cash directly to shareowners and enable them to purchase more shares if they chose. 

Don t get it twisted   $13 billion in one quarter is still a lot of money to put back into shareholders  pockets. But it s peanuts compared to what Apple could be spending.

Apple s payout ratio is just 26.6 percent   a pittance in relative terms. While the absolute numbers astound, analyzing dividend stocks is all about relative comparisons. One metric in particular, the dividend payout ratio, is especially useful in gauging how much room a company has to boost its dividend.

To compute the payout ratio, take the dividends Apple pays annually ($2.28 per share) and divide it by its trailing 12 months  earnings ($8.56 per share). AAPL has a payout ratio of 26.6 percent.

While on the surface MSFT s 2.5 percent dividend is comparable to Apple s 2.1 percent yield, using the payout ratio exposes just how different the shareholder capital return philosophies are. Microsoft s payout ratio is 68.6 percent

And Intel, another mega-cap tech stock returning billions to its shareholders, returns 50 percent of its net income to shareholders, rewarding them with a 3 percent dividend.

AAPL could literally double its dividend. Apple currently pays a 57-cent per-share dividend each quarter. Michael Palumbo, Third Millennium Trading founder and author of "Calculated Risk," thinks AAPL will hike that to 65 cents per share two quarters from now, when the company historically announces changes to its dividend policy.

That would represent a 14 percent dividend hike, modestly higher than the 9.6 percent hike declared in April.

Still, AAPL  could support a dividend much higher than this, as high as $1 per share  each quarter, Palumbo says. He considers such a raise   it comes to 75 percent   unlikely, though. Tim Cook & Co. will hold back on an aggressive dividend hike  to give the firm flexibility to have further raises in the future and in case growth prospects unexpectedly improve,  Palumbo says.

That affects income-focused investors. Apple could comfortably double its dividend   from 57 cents to $1.14 per share each quarter   and its payout ratio would only be about 53 percent, roughly in-line with Intel s and far lower than Microsoft s.

At the $1 quarterly dividend Palumbo suggested, Apple s dividend payout ratio would be 46.7 percent, leaving it plenty of extra cash to deploy if, miraculously, a huge growth opportunity presented itself and Apple needed to invest heavily.

With growth in the rear view and rates so low, it s about time to share the dough. Imagine an immature child in a sandbox, greedily piling up a cache of plastic shovels and buckets that will never be used.

Apple is the Wall Street equivalent of that obnoxious child.

 It is completely absurd why Apple would store this much cash,  says Ron Weiner, certified financial planner, managing director and partner of RDM Financial Group at HighTower.

 If I was their financial planner, I would tell them that you don t have to earn much on that money to make a material difference to their long-term growth,  Weiner says.  You would think that they can find some opportunities that result in better returns than cash. 

While the majority of Apple s $231.5 billion cash hoard is tied up overseas (repatriating it would incur about a 40 percent tax hit), Apple can easily tap the credit markets and borrow money at dirt-cheap rates to pay dividends and buy back stock.

In fact, Apple has been doing that more and more in recent years as shareholder outrage over its dividend, or lack thereof, has increased. But AAPL needs to do more. It needs to face the fact that its days as the sexiest growth company in Silicon Valley are over.

Sales of Apple s flagship iPhone, the cash cow of the most profitable company on the face of the planet, fell in consecutive quarters earlier this year, doing so for the first time ever.

Apple, which grew revenue by 43 percent in fiscal 2012, is expected to post a nearly 8 percent sales drop in fiscal 2016. Apple Inc to increase investment in China as country's demand for iPhone falls BEIJING   Apple Inc will boost its investment in China, one of its most important but increasingly difficult markets, and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development centre in the country, Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday.

Demand for Apple s phones has plummeted in China, and the government maintains a wary attitude towards foreign technology. This is at least the CEO s second trip to the country in four months.

Apple s new research and development centre will be built by the end of the year, Cook told Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli, one of China s most senior officials, according to the official Chinese state broadcaster.

Related

The pledge comes after the head of China s industry and technology regulator in May told Cook he hoped Apple could deepen its cooperation with the country in research and development and stressed information security.

Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Sales in Greater China, once touted as Apple s next growth engine, decreased by a third in its most recent quarterly results, after having more than doubled a year earlier.

Not only is a slowdown of the world s second-largest economy stoking concerns, but the company s stores for books and movies also went dark in China earlier this year. Apple has also lost intellectual property battles and faced anti-U.S. sentiment from consumers.

Before Cook s charm offensive in Beijing in May, Apple announced a $1 billion deal with ride-hailing app Didi Chuxing, a move many experts saw as an attempt to curry favour with Beijing.

Other tech firms have in the past pledged investment in China while facing difficulties in the country, including Microsoft Corp and Qualcomm Inc, but often with mixed results.

  Thomson Reuters 2016 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Expected to Release a Third iPad Pro in 2017 Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) consumer-focused iPad Air 2 was released in 2014 and the iPad Mini was last refreshed a year ago. As its consumer tablet lineup stagnates, Apple could be bolstering its business offering with a new professional model   a 10.5-inch iPad Pro.

Source: Apple

Mac Rumors first reported on a new research note released by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. In the note, Kuo   who is recognized as having an excellent track record for predicting Apple product releases   says he is expecting Apple to release new 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch iPad Pros in 2017. He also is calling for a new 9.7-inch iPad, but that model may remain as a budget-level offering, with a less powerful CPU.

The iPad Mini doesn t even factor into his calculations.

Apple Shifts Its iPad Strategy

There has been some speculation that AAPL will eventually drop the smallest and most affordable iPad altogether, given the popularity of its iPhone Plus phablet and the apparent overlap between the two devices.

Kuo writes:  If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5  model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets. 

If true, Kuo s prediction would see Apple continue a shift in its tablet strategy to focus on enterprise, business, education and professional users instead of consumers. This represents a significant change, given that the initial success of the iPad was built on consumers snapping up the devices for casual uses such as gaming, watching video and web surfing.

However, the tablet market has changed dramatically over the past several years. Consumers are reluctant to upgrade in a  timely  fashion, and sales have been consistently declining as a result.

With the release of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, followed by the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, Apple built on a business-focused strategy that included an enterprise app and iPad sales partnership with International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM ). The company also worked with rival Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) to promote Office apps for iOS and the iPad Pro. The efforts have begun to pay off and now Apple has reached the stage where almost half of iPad sales are to business and government customers.

These customers primarily invest in the more expensive (and higher margin) iPad Pro models instead of the entry-level iPad Air or iPad Mini. Unlike consumers, they also tend to upgrade hardware regularly. Both traits are positives for Apple s bottom line.

Given this shift in iPad buyers, Ming-Chi Kuo s prediction seems a safe one. Enterprise customers who are deploying the iPad Pro with a Smart Keyboard case as a compact laptop replacement want a choice smaller and less expensive than the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, but they may find the current 9.7-inch version s display to be cramped. Releasing a third option   a 10.5-inch iPad Pro   would satisfy this need and has the potential to bolster Apple s position in that lucrative market.

Pay Up!

Under Ming-Chi Kuo s scenario, consumers hoping to score an updated iPad in 2017 may have to make do with that rumored budget 9.7-inch model. But if they want the latest processor, they would need to pay the premium to buy the 10.5-inch iPad Pro.

This year, the premium to go from the aging iPad Air 2 to the more capable 9.7-inch iPad Pro was $200. Expect the jump to a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro to be even greater. This may further hurt Apple s consumer sales.

But with the deeper pockets government, enterprise and professional buyers looking to invest in the iPad Pro, that s a sacrifice Apple seems likely to make.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: The 'Apple Of China' Might Be In Trouble Xiaomi, China's answer to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is in "serious trouble," at least according to Business Insider.

The Chinese firm not only compete against Apple's iPhone devices in China with a $225 smartphone, but also launched a laptop that holds its ground against Apple's Macbook Air and sells for $540. Xiaomi also took on GoPro Inc (NASDAQ: GPRO) with its own action camera alternative that sells for a fraction of the price.

Related Link:Xiaomi Takes On Another Tech Behemoth With 2 New Launches

The Business Insider report stated that Xiaomi's smartphone sales fell by 38 percent in the second quarter of 2016. The company sold around 10.5 million smartphones in China, down from 17.1 million in the same quarter a year ago, and its market share plummeted to 9.5 percent from 16.1 percent.

This is a troubling figure and may signify a greater than expected weakness in the Chinese smartphone market. However, a chart provided by Business Insider showed that OPPO recognized a 124.1 percent year-over-year growth in the quarter and vivo realized a 74.7 percent year-over-year growth.

Business Insider added that an analysis by the research firm IDC indicated that Xioami's downhill was due to the company's lack of marketing activity, especially compared to its peers that spend heavily and use "brand ambassadors" to promote their devices.

Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card!

Posted-In: China China Smartphones Oppo VivoEmerging Markets Markets Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Cash Hoard Is Really That Big People come from all around the world to see Mount Everest. But if you lived in Nepal and saw it lurking in the distance every day, it might not seem nearly as impressive. You might take it for granted or even dismiss it as no big deal.

That s really where we are today with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and the absolutely gargantuan Apple cash hoard. It has been so large for so long that no one really pays attention to it anymore. In fact, it seems the most common thing I hear said about the Apple cash stockpile these days is that  it s really not that big when you take debt and potential taxes into consideration. 

Frankly, that s ridiculous. Even allowing for a massive tax haircut, Apple s cash hoard would rank as one of history s largest treasures  a fortune that would make Croesus blush.

As of Apple s latest quarterly earnings report, the company had $231.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. The Apple cash balance   the gross number, before any debt or tax considerations   would be the 13th largest company in the world, bigger than Wal-Mart and just a hair smaller than Procter & Gamble.

Now, of course, the Apple cash is mostly overseas, while Apple s $72.4 billion in debt is mostly domestic. Let s pretend that Apple suddenly got religion and decided it wanted to be debt free  now. And let s further assume that Apple wanted to move its entire cash hoard stateside because  go America! And let s take this one step further and assume that Apple is paying the full 35% U.S. corporate tax rate on the whole pile of money. (None of these are realistic assumptions, mind you, but let s go through the exercise anyway.)

After taxes, Apple s $231.5 billion in cash becomes $150.5 billion. That would still put the Apple cash hoard in the top 30 largest companies in the S&P 500, about on par with Phillip Morris International and just a hair smaller than IBM, Disney and Pepsico.

After stripping out the $72.4 billion in debt, the $150.5 billion becomes $78.1 billion. That s still not exactly chump change. In fact, that s nearly double the average market cap of all S&P 500 and more than four times bigger than the median market cap of all S&P 500 companies.

And remember, this all assumes the absolute worst case scenario for taxes. Were Apple to actually attempt to repatriate its cash, it would likely negotiate much better terms.

So, yes. The Apple cash hoard is a big deal, no matter how you slice it. 
2016-12-06
More Analysts Predict Apple Inc. iPhone Order Cuts There have been several reports lately suggesting that, because of weak demand, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has begun scaling back its iPhone build plans for the coming quarters.

Now, analysts with BlueFin Research Partners (via Barron's) say that for the March quarter, Apple now plans to build 53 million iPhone units, down from previous plans to build 59 million iPhone units.

The reduction in total unit build plans, the analysts say, is due to "sharp reductions in iPhone 7 and [iPhone] SE models."

On the bright side, the analysts say that build plans for Apple's larger and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus are "unchanged."

The analysts now expect Apple to ship 77 million iPhone units in the current quarter and 51 million units in the coming quarter. For some context, Apple shipped 74.779 million iPhone units in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and 51.193 million units in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.

For the entirety of fiscal year 2017, the analysts reportedly expect Apple to ship 222 million iPhone units -- up from the nearly 212 million that Apple shipped during fiscal year 2016.

iPhone 7 Plus innovation paying off

It's interesting to note that demand for Apple's expensive iPhone 7 Plus is seemingly strong, while demand for the smaller (and cheaper) iPhone 7 and the low-cost iPhone SE seem to be trailing off.

BlueFin says that Apple reduced its iPhone SE build plans for 2017 to just 25 million units, down from 35 million, and that the "[iPhone SE] follow-on project [is] no longer visible."

The iPhone 7 Plus has a nifty dual-lens camera that no other iPhone model (and very few competing smartphones) has, and that feature might explain the outperformance of the iPhone 7 Plus relative to the other models (iPhone 7, iPhone SE).

Apple's customers seem to be willing to pay a premium for exciting, useful innovations.

The worst may be behind Apple

After a huge growth cycle with the iPhone 6 series smartphones, Apple saw a year-over-year decline during the iPhone 6s cycle, which obviously put some investors on edge given that Apple's financial health depends heavily on the iPhone product line.

If the predictions made by the BlueFin analysts pan out, then Apple could be looking at slight growth in iPhone unit shipments in the current fiscal year. That wouldn't bring Apple's iPhone shipments back to the levels that they were at in fiscal year 2015, but it would signal an end to the bleeding.

This year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus brought several interesting enhancements (faster processor; better cameras, especially on the Plus; wider color display; revised Taptic Engine), but the basic form factors of the devices remained largely the same as their last two predecessors.

With next year's iPhone 8 series, Apple is expected to make some significant changes to the look and feel of the designs, as well as bring several under-the-hood technical innovations. Apple is even expected to deliver an ultra-high end model with a curved OLED display (which could be a big selling point by itself).

If products like the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ultimately keep iPhone shipments during fiscal year 2017 flat-to-slightly up from the levels seen in fiscal year 2016, then there's certainly reason to be optimistic that Apple will see robust iPhone unit shipment growth in fiscal year 2018. Apple: 2017 Will Be The Year Of Services  Apple Inc. (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook Needs a Hug Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook threw a little shade at Apple bears on Dec. 5 with an e-mail saying the Apple Watch just had its best week ever.

Source: Apple

In the email, Cook called Watch sales growth  off the charts,  and predicted this will be the best quarter ever for the product, which debuted a year ago and has generally been considered a loser.

Cook was responding to an IDC report that third-quarter shipments for the Watch were down 71% year-over-year. He was trying to reassure potential AAPL stock buyers that the Watch remains a hit and that Apple will keep supporting it.

What analysts and investors want to know today is whether Cook was being straight with them. (He wasn t.) But what you need to understand is something more basic: namely that it doesn t matter.

Here s why.

Apple Watch Numbers Don t Matter

The Apple Watch is a pimple on the company s total results, and has been since it debuted in September 2015.

IDC says the company shipped 3.9 million watches during that quarter, but only 1 million during the third quarter of this year   hence the 71% drop.

The truth may be quite different. Apple may have made its Christmas shipments this year during the fourth quarter, making the Q3 drop irrelevant. If it shipped 5 million units in October, and sold them all, the Watch might be a monster hit. We won t know until AAPL reports earnings next month.

In fact, we may not know even then, because the Apple Watch is not material to Apple s results, and aren t broken out separately in its financial reports. Assuming Apple got the full retail price of its $300 watches last Christmas (which it didn t) it would represent $1.17 billion in revenue. During the fourth quarter of 2015 Apple revenue exceeded $75 billion.

Now, Apple didn t get the full retail price on 3.9 million watches. It may not have gotten the full $300 on the 1 million watches. Regardless, none of this is material on a $75 billion quarter. What should matter there is whether iPhones are still selling briskly and how Apple service revenues do.

What is the real issue?

Next Page Buzz Stocks: Apple Inc., TherapeuticsMD Inc, and DryShips Inc. Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Learn more about us >>

Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1981 by industry pioneer Bernie Schaeffer, we've since become a trusted source of research and analysis for individual investors and major financial media outlets alike. 
2016-07-30
Apple Gets New Trials, Scraps VirnetX's $625M Patent Win Apple Gets New Trials, Scraps VirnetX's $625M Patent Win

Law360, Los Angeles (July 29, 2016, 10:46 PM EDT) -- A Texas federal judge vacated VirnetX s colossal $625 million patent infringement verdict against Apple on Friday, ruling it was unfair to Apple to combine two separate VirnetX suits alleging Apple infringed its network security patents into one trial, and he split the suits and ordered a pair of new trials.



The judge said that in the interest of fairness, he had to toss the giant February jury verdict and ordered two new separate trials in each of the two suits. (Credit: AP) U.S. District Judge Robert W....

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-12-20
Apple, Inc. Might Move Forward With Manufacturing in India For years, India has been a headache for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). The challenges are aplenty, but one central hurdle has always been a local sourcing regulation that requires companies to source 30% of product's value from within the country's borders in order to set up retail stores. Apple previously and unsuccessfully tried to get an exemption from the requirement, which are sometimes available to "state of the art" and "cutting edge" products.

The idea of Apple manufacturing its products in India is nothing new, but Apple is seriously considering it now, according to The Wall Street Journal. The news comes about a month after Apple reportedly asked the Indian government for various types of incentives should it move forward with manufacturing in India.

Manufacturing products in India should allow Apple to meet the local sourcing requirement, potentially paving the way for the company to open its iconic Apple Stores. It would potentially also represent a reversal from May, when CEO Tim Cook said Apple had no intention of setting up a manufacturing facility in India.

Distribution matters

It's hard to overstate just how important Apple Stores are to the company. The retail stores have long been an important differentiator for Apple, vertically integrating distribution in a way that few competitors pursue. In doing so, Apple can exert greater control over the purchasing experience, as well as provide after-purchase support. There are also ample opportunities to cross-sell customers on complementary products. All of this strengthens the brand.

Currently, the vast majority of smartphones in India are sold by local resellers and retailers that carry a wide range of brands. Such a fragmented distribution system simply can't provide consistent experiences across the board.

Indian manufacturing is more doable than the U.S.

Unlike the prospect of manufacturing in the U.S., which Apple dabbles in to a small degree mostly for political purposes, expanding manufacturing to India is relatively reasonable. Labor costs are low, and India is still within fairly close proximity to Apple's long list of Asia-based component suppliers. Primary manufacturing partner Foxconn has already been rumored to be exploring a $5 billion to $10 billion investment in India.

What's less clear is whether or not the Indian labor pool has the "vocational kind of skills" that Apple needs.

Other challenges remain

Even if Apple were to start manufacturing in India and subsequently open Apple Stores, there's no shortage of other issues that Apple faces in trying to crack the world's third-largest smartphone market.

For starters, Indian carriers don't subsidize smartphones. While the subsidy model has mostly died in the U.S., that transition was made possible by replacing subsidies with leasing and installment plans. Lacking subsidies and abundant financing options, combined with lower income levels, Apple's premium positioning makes it a tough sell. The average retail price of a smartphone in India was just $158 in 2014.

LTE coverage also has a long way to go. A mere 15% of India's population had LTE coverage in 2015; coverage is expected to jump to 45% over the next five years.

The Indian market will remain challenging for Apple for the foreseeable future, but given the long-term importance of India to the global smartphone market, Apple has to take it seriously. Why Apple Should Freeze Its Dividend When companies throw off excess cash from their operations, management usually licks its chops looking for ways to spend the money. Some companies like Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.A) (NYSE:BRK.B) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) do not issue a dividend, but retain earnings to reinvest in the company, expand operations or buy back stock. In 2012, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) made $40bn in its January quarter following an at-the-time winter record for revenue. It boasted over $100bn in cash, with $4bn in cash flow from operations. Times were good, Apple had zero debt, and Tim Cook had recently taken over as CEO.

Apple proceeded to raise from a roughly $390bn market cap around the time of its introduction of the share repurchase and dividend program in March 2012 to $622bn today, an increase of a bit more than $200bn. Notably, however, its stock price has underperformed the S&P during the same time frame, logging a solid 50% but below the S&P's 65%.

Now, revenues at Apple are at all-time highs, (Apple guided for $76-$78bn revenue for the current quarter as the iPhone flagship has been a runaway revenue generator since its introduction. In 2012, when cash on hand at the technology giant reached $100bn management announced a new shareholder dividend and share repurchase program as its billion-dollar answer to that great question: what do we do with all this money?

The EPS obviously benefited as Apple has repurchased millions of shares of stock, on track to spend $250bn since the program's inception. The company has spent $87bn on dividends, with almost $120bn to repurchases. What can we say about management's decision for this money?

Throughout this time, many technology and possible bolt-on companies like Dropbox (Private:DROPB), Instagram or Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) hovered around valuations of $4bn, $1bn, and $40bn respectively. The idea that Apple could partially own a portion of Alibaba at a $40bn valuation in 2012 leaves you breathless seeing the Chinese e-commerce giant at today's $220bn market capitalization.

There is also the fact that dividends over the last several years have left US companies at a disadvantage in advance technologies, infrastructure and employee training. Instead of investing in productivity and technological gains, Apple decided to enrich shareholders and drive wealth to the top 1%. Apple could have made significant strides in new markets, improved its profitability, and invested in burgeoning companies.

The pressure is palpable, and who could be blamed for not standing up to the financial hucksters (bankers) who have an interest in a greater number of financial transactions occurring than anyone can ever need. But the truth is that these myopic perspectives on dividends do not give alternatives adequate consideration. Dividends enrich shareholders, of course, but executives tend to benefit handsomely from such dividend plans.

There is not a good reason to believe that continuing to increase the dividend payout would reverse those facts. The clamors for value fade even faster against a backdrop of rising interest rates as savers finally decide to consider other mechanisms for steady income (read: bonds). Anyone who gets excited about Apple's 2% yielding dividend fails to see opportunities ahead. What will make Apple an attractive stock is its potential to earn more instead of pay out more.

Are Shareholders Better Off?

Nor do critics realize the lack of impact the argument for a dividend that goes like "a dividend gives shareholders back their cash. If they want to buy more with them, great!" First, a dividend is hit with a tax upwards of 20%. So Apple's miniscule yield is further weakened by Uncle Sam. Second, deciding to buy more once the shareholder receives the dividend serves to drive up fees for the financial professionals. Finally, the alternatives for all that cash could be a strong reinforcement of Apple's financial infrastructure, revenue streams and balance sheet. These factors have a material impact on the amount truly returned to shareholders through dividends.

If in 2012, Apple would have instead bought say shares of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), at a pre-stock split price or $17/share. Today those shares are worth $125, a sevenfold gain. If instead they thought self-driving cars might be interesting, they could have purchased half of Tesla for $35/share. Today, Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) trades at $202.

Apple lacks the conviction to trust other companies to increase their value through effective management by being a passive shareholder. It also couldn't pull the trigger on outright acquisitions that meaningfully addressed a new market and revenue stream. It twiddled its fingers while other market entrants found ways to generate revenue.

Perhaps they may have believed in a synergy with gaming as iPhone and iTunes stores saw continued growth in downloads and spending. Apple could have snagged 10% of Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ:ATVI), taking the stock from $12 to over $36 today.

Apple could have deployed capital not only for acquisitions of entire companies, but also as stock investments to diversify their earnings stream in areas they know very well. They could leave entirely in tact great management teams that have led great companies like Netflix or Amazon while participating in the earnings growth.

Effect of the Repatriation Issue and Donald Trump

You needn't go out on a limb to say the chances for a repatriation holiday are as high as they have been since the middle of the last decade. With Republican Donald Trump and a unified Republican Congress, it would make sense for the new administration to make good on some of its recent arguments that carried him to victory.

Trump can then negotiate for the American people and get a deal that ensures these companies spend on capital investments in America and inevitably dividends and paying off debt. And for Apple? Hundreds of billions coming back to improve the business and figure out how to grow revenue. It should improve profitability. It should repurchase shares when share prices are below per-share intrinsic business value."

Looking at how Apple has used its cash to improve its competitive position in the market, the short answer is that it hasn't, at least in its flagship smartphone business.

It has bounced around between a 10%-20% share of the smartphone market over the last several years.

Apple Should Free Up Cash, Pay Off Debt and Diversify Its Revenue Stream

In an environment where Apple frees up cash obligations by not increasing (or suspending) the dividend, this duplicative effect could put Apple in an enviable position among its peers. Paying off debt, M&A and other capital investments would surely be on the list. The damage has been done over the last four years where billions were squandered on dividends and buybacks that failed to expand the business beyond the iPhone. Now is the time to address this failure and reclaim the position as a big spender investing in the future. The arguments for retaining earnings ring true:

Apple can focus on increasing the profitability of its cash cow, the iPhone. The possibility of domestic factory investments may be more likely with a repatriation holiday waiting in the wings. Capital investments in core businesses need to spur growth. And smart, visionary acquisitions can add to topline revenue growth in the future. Apple would be equipped with tens of billions if it unschackled itself from the death spiral of dividends.

Apple's debt is beginning to reach alarming levels. Indeed, Apple added more debt than cash last quarter. At $75bn, Apple's debt now is about one-third of its cash on hand.

With extra cash, Apple can pay down its debt and deleverage. It will save tons on interest. With better tax laws on the books, it needn't engage in financial engineering in order to protect cash. Since the dividend program in 2012, Apple grew its debt from $0 to that $75bn figure now, all for a gain of merely 50% in stock price, declining revenue growth and large buybacks and dividends.

Conclusion

Tim Cook and Apple need to rethink the company's cash priorities. Will Apple find new ways to generate growth, like it did with the iPod, the iPhone, iTunes and the iPad? Can it create or enter new markets and begin to deliver revenue growth? The prospect of squandering billions more on dividends that do little to propel the stock price is too troubling for Apple to play along. By recasting its priorities to freeing up cash, paying off debt and investing in itself, Apple has the opportunity for catalyzed revenue streams once again. Nike CFO- Expect Q3 reported revenue to grow in mid single-digit range  Apple is discussing manufacturing in India - WSJ citing government officials  
2016-03-14
At Last! The Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Revealed Generally reliable mobile device leak specialist, Steve Hemmerstoffer of NowhereElse.fr, recently published an image that supposedly reveals what the upcoming Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 will look like. In the image below, which Hemmerstoffer posted to Twitter a little while ago, we see a 3D rendering on the left and a mockup based on the rendering on the right:

From this image, we can get a good sense of some of the changes/improvements that Apple plans to bring to its next generation iPhone. Let's dig deeper.

Significantly reduced antenna lines, smaller camera bump

As MacRumors reported earlier, the iPhone 7 is expected to see the removal of the antenna lines that run across the back of the device. Instead, the phone is expected to just have antenna lines running along the top and bottom, as shown in the rendering as well as the mockup.

In an article published on NowhereElse.fr, Hemmerstoffer notes that there seems to be a slight "bulge" for the camera, which contradicts previous reports that the rear camera will sit flush with the back of the device.

Speaking of the camera ...

Hemmerstoffer points out that the opening for the camera in the rear shell of the device is larger than the one found on either the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6s. I strongly suspect that this is due to the fact that Apple will be including a camera module that includes a larger sensor with a commensurately larger lens (suggesting a wider maximum aperture for better low-light photos). It also stands to reason that we will see Apple stick with a 12-megapixel sensor, but that this sensor will feature significantly larger pixels.

How about thickness?

A previous report from KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo suggested that Apple aims to make the iPhone 7 its thinnest ever at between 6 and 6.5 millimeters in thickness. The source of the leak apparently told Hemmerstoffer that the iPhone 6s would be "slightly thinner" than the current generation iPhone 6s.

Given that the iPhone 6s measures in at 7.1 millimeters thick, "slightly thinner" would seem to imply a thickness more at the high end of Kuo's range than at the low end. However, it's worth keeping in mind that Mac Otakara, a fairly reliable source of Apple-related leaks, recently claimed that Apple would be shaving at least a full millimeter off with the iPhone 7 relative to the iPhone 6s.

More is surely to come

The leaked image apparently came from metal casing maker Catcher technologies, which mass produces metal casings for many of Apple's iDevices. If Apple is really sending the final schematics to Catcher for mass production, then this strongly suggests that the iPhone 7 design is set in stone and ready for mass production.

I wouldn't be surprised if the other vendors in the iPhone 7 supply chain are also beginning mass production of the components that will power this next generation iPhone. With the design finalized and components beginning to be produced by the millions, it surely won't be long now before investors learn the key specifications of the next generation iPhone.

For the sake of Apple and its shareholders, it had better be one heck of a phone. What the Xiaomi Mi5 Might Tell Us About the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Chinese smartphone vendor Xiaomi announced a new flagship smartphone known as the Mi5 at Mobile World Congress late last month. The device, like many of Xiaomi's flagship devices, is notable because it packs a lot of top-tier hardware specifications in a relatively low-cost package.

The purpose of this article isn't to talk about the Mi5 per se. Rather, I believe that the Mi5 might offer an important clue as to what display technology we may see in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 7.

Could the Mi5 be the first implementation of JDI's Pixel Eyes 2?

In earlier columns, I noted that Apple could very well be planning to use second-generation "Pixel Eyes" in-cell touch displays from Japan Display, which went into mass production at the end of 2015. These new displays, per the Japan-based display manufacturer, offer a number of important advantages over first-generation Pixel Eyes displays, such as improved contrast ratio, narrower display borders, reduced thickness, and so on.

According to Xiaomi (via AnandTech), the Mi5's display offers up a number of interesting characteristics. The display itself apparently sports a high contrast ratio of 1400:1, extremely thin side bezels, quite high brightness, the ability to change contrast ratio on a per-pixel basis in real time, and a wide color gamut (95% of NTSC, well beyond the typical 100% sRGB coverage).

I would not be surprised at all if the Mi5 were packing a second-generation Pixel Eyes display from Japan Display given the reported characteristics.

If so, expect big improvements in the iPhone 7's LCD

To the best of my knowledge, Apple does not use "off-the-shelf" displays; rather, it would appear that Apple has a fairly large team of experts that works closely with display manufacturers to build displays exclusively for Apple.

That said, I do believe that the interesting features that Xiaomi introduced with the Mi5's display represent a baseline for what to expect from the iPhone 7's display. In particular, look for brightness to go up, the color gamut to be widened significantly, and for contrast ratio to move upward (Apple's current displays are already where the Mi5's display is).

I also fully expect that Apple will implement a real-time contrast ratio adjustment scheme in the iPhone 7 as Xiaomi has with the Mi5.

The new display could be quite eye-catching

One of the problems that I believe Apple is facing during the iPhone 6s cycle is that many iPhone 6 buyers (and iPhone users who held off on buying a 6/6 Plus) didn't see an immediate and obvious difference between the "old" iPhone 6 and the new iPhone 6s models.

The industrial designs being similar didn't help, nor did the fact that the display panels seem to be unchanged year over year.

With the enhancements to the display discussed above, coupled with a move to higher-resolution (and thus sharper) displays on both the 7 and 7 Plus/Pro, the generation-on-generation improvements should be immediately obvious to anybody who tries the new devices in a retail store.

That, coupled with an all-new industrial design, a much-improved camera subsystem, and other as-of-year unknown goodies, could make the iPhone 7 the product that puts iPhone back on a growth path. Apple Inc, McDonald's, Google and IKEA to face EU lawmakers over tax deals - Reuters News  
2016-06-13
2 Questions Apple Investors Must Ask Themselves  WWDC And The Growth Of Apple Pay Digital Cash Expected to Grow

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is positioning itself to become the leader in the emerging electronic payment space, which even at this early stage already has a number of participants, including Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) with Android Pay, Samsung (OTC:SSNLF), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and many others. We expect Apple to discuss its mobile wallet at WWDC, which begins today in San Francisco.

Mobile wallets are a niche product at this early point. Domestically, only 0.2% of all in-store sales were paid for using smart devices in 2015, according to research firm eMarketer. Apple Pay launched domestically in October of 2014, in the UK in July of 2015 and in China and Singapore more recently. Shortly after its launch, CEO Tim Cook noted in the company's 1Q15 conference call that "2015 will be the year of Apple Pay."

However, Apple Pay did not gain the traction that management anticipated. Consulting firm First Annapolis conducted a survey of 1,300 people and found that awareness and usage of Apple Pay declined slightly from spring 2015 to December 2015.

Nevertheless, Apple management recently noted that "Apple Pay is growing at a tremendous rate, with more than five times the transaction volume of a year ago and 1 million new users per week. There are more than 10 million contactless-ready locations in the countries where Apple Pay has launched to date, including over 2.5 million locations now accepting Apple Pay in the United States, and more expansion of Apple Pay is coming soon."

Despite the slower than expected 2015, First Annapolis also believes that Apple Pay has strong prospects. The consulting firm notes that although "early adoption of Apple Pay may not be as high as expected and appears to have plateaued since the initial launch in October 2014, usage is likely to continue to increase with the proliferation of other mobile payment solutions which should expand the merchant acceptance base and broaden the availability and visibility of mobile payments in general."

Many in the payments space are optimistic that the overall electronic payments market will grow. Over the years, payments have become increasingly card-based, with credit, debit and pre-loaded cards replacing checks and cash for many purchases. Now electronic payments are expected to gain market share compared to cash and checks.

Shift to Electronic Commerce

According to McKinsey, "The U.S. merchant payments landscape is undergoing a period of rapid, technology-driven change... Consumers use the new tools to move dynamically between computer, mobile device and in-store experiences while shopping."

McKinsey forecasts that total electronic payments volume will grow by about 7% per annum over the next five years, driven primarily by continued expansion of digital commerce and rising electronic payments acceptance at small merchants.

Until recently, POS (point of sale) electronic transactions had been constrained by older POS infrastructure that could not accept electronic payments. This is changing as retailers upgrade technology. As a result, transactions continue to shift to online and mobile, driven by expanding access to the internet - an estimated 438 million mobile devices in the U.S. accessed the internet in 2013, and this metric is expected to reach more than 690 million devices in 2018 - and the increasing adoption of electronic payments.

Worldwide e-commerce spending as a percentage of total retail expenditures is projected to reach 9% in 2018, up from 6% in 2013, according to the eMarketer Report. This trend is forecast to continue, reflecting rising consumption among younger, internet savvy users. eMarketer estimates that e-commerce will grow at double-digit rates domestically for the next couple of years. According to electronic and POS payment solutions provider Ayden, mobile accounted for 28.7% of total online payments in 2Q15, up from 27.2% in 1Q15.

Moreover, mobile payment options enable many small businesses to complete transactions they could not accept before because they were not equipped to take credit card payments. Mobile contactless payments also are generally faster and more convenient for many types of transactions than credit as they enable consumers to pay for purchases by passing their phone near a point of sale terminal. Growing mobile penetration is expected to further fuel increased spending via mobile devices. With its sizable share of the smartphone market despite concerns about iPhone sales, which fell 18% y/y in the March 2016 quarter, we believe Apple is well positioned to be a leader - if not the leader - in electronic payments.

The U.S. has lagged other markets in electronic payment adoption but is expected to catch up. According to First Data (NYSE:FDC), the slower U.S. adoption is "primarily due to the greater complexity of its financial and communications ecosystems," including a "diverse array of handset manufacturers, mobile network operators, financial institutions, and payment networks," which have had difficulty reaching agreement on m-commerce standards and economics along the value chain. The mobile percentage of total e-commerce transactions in the U.S. is slightly lower than the worldwide average, at 29% compared to 34% globally.

"[T]he evolution of the U.S. retail payment infrastructure has been comparatively slow," according to MasterCard (NYSE:MA). U.S. infrastructure is expected to catch up, reflecting the convenience mobile POS payment technology offers both customers and merchants. Consumers can pay for purchases by passing their phone near a point of sale terminal, as noted, using NFC (near-field communication) technology, which allows two devices placed within close proximity to exchange data, as long as both devices are equipped with an NFC chip.

Moreover, small businesses are often denied service by traditional credit card providers and therefore have strong incentive to offer a mobile payment option. An estimated 20 million domestic vendors do not accept card payments today, according to Square (NYSE:SQ). According to a Hospitality Technology study, 38% of restaurant businesses surveyed plan to develop or deploy a mobile POS solution.

Growing mobile penetration and increased consumer reliance on mobile shopping apps that provide price comparisons or product reviews also are expected to fuel mobile device spending. There are roughly 1.3 billion active credit and debit accounts globally compared to about 5.3 billion active mobile phone accounts. Recent data indicates that mobile payment is growing globally at approximately 50% each year.

The transition to EMV (Europay-MasterCard-Visa (NYSE:V)) technology is another likely catalyst for growth. EMV is a global standard for credit cards equipped with computer chips. This technology is different from the traditional metallic strip on older credit cards. Moreover, as of October 1, 2015, if a retailer does not have an EMV-compliant terminal, it could be liable for any transactions found to be fraudulent, according to First Data. The SPA (Smart Payment Association) notes that 2,060 million payment chip cards were shipped globally in 2015, up 34% versus 2014, fueled partially by EMV upgrades in the U.S.

"Demand for contactless payment cards continued to surge in geographies where the technology already has a foothold. In 2015, 56% of all smart card shipments globally (excluding the Americas) featured contactless technology - a 24% growth as compared to the year before," according to the SPA.

According to a MIT Technology Review, "Momentum for mobile payment technologies was building even before Apple Pay debuted... Some 17 percent of all smartphone users reported making a point-of-sale payment with their phone in 2013, up from 6 percent in 2012, according to a U.S. Federal Reserve survey. In-person mobile payments in the United States more than doubled in 2014, to $3.7 billion, according to Forrester Research. Meanwhile, as services such as Uber (Private:UBER) and stores like Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) allow people to pay via mobile app, transactions that once brought out the wallet are disappearing into the phone, where they are faster and should be more secure. You can use your existing credit card accounts, but you never have to pull out the physical cards."

Apple Pay at WWDC

Management is expected to discuss Apple Pay at its developer conference this week. As noted, the service had gotten off to a slower than expected start, but we remain optimistic about its prospects. Services revenue, the category in which Apple Pay is recorded, grew 23% in the first half of fiscal 2016 to 10% of total revenue from 7%. (Apple Pay is just one component of Service revenue.) It has not yet made a meaningful impact on Apple's financial results, but is still an extremely young service.

Management is optimistic that Apple Pay will increase its financial contribution to Apple. On its recent earnings conference call, the company noted that Apple Pay "doesn't provide a meaningful financial contribution at this point, but as we look at the amount of transactions that are going through Apple Pay right now and we think ahead for the long term, that could be an interesting business for us as well."

We expect management to discuss the service at WWDC this week. Features that might debut at WWDC include an expansion of the service to web browsers, a person-to-person enhancement and additional geographic market launches. We agree with management that Apple Pay could become "an interesting business" for Apple. Sling TV says its live and on-demand internet TV service available on Apple TV  
2016-11-28
Apple Inc. May Be First to Adopt This Tech Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM), or TSMC for short, is going to be bringing its 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology to market early next year. This new technology is expected to deliver better performance and significantly lower chip areas than what its current 16-nanometer technology is capable of.

TSMC has made it very clear that it expects to recognize revenue from 10-nanometer products in the first quarter of 2017. According to a new report from DigiTimes, it looks as if Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may be the first customer to use this technology.

Next-gen iPad Pro reportedly to go into production in December

DigiTimes says Apple's upcoming iPad with a 10.5-inch display is expected to begin mass production in December, with shipments beginning in the first quarter of 2016. That new iPad, DigiTimes reports, will be powered by Apple's next-generation A10X tablet-specific applications processor. The current-generation iPad Pro models use Apple's A9X chip.

There is significant evidence in the public domain to suggest that the A10X will be manufactured in TSMC's new 10-nanometer tech rather than its current 16-nanometer technology. Such evidence includes the LinkedIn profiles of Apple chip engineers, as well as a report from well-connected Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.

If Apple is beginning mass production of the next-generation iPad Pro models in December, that means the company will need production-quality A10X chips to go inside them. If we assume that it takes about three months to build a chip from start to finish, then for A10X chips to be ready to support December iPad production, that production needs to have begun ahead of time.

To that end, TSMC co-CEO C.C. Wei said on the company's third quarter earnings call that the company has "transferred 10-nanometer from [research and development] to production in the third quarter of this year." He also said the company's "first 10-nanometer customer product has been produced with reasonable yield."

It's certainly plausible, and indeed very likely, that the chip that TSMC was talking about was the A10X. Everything seems to line up perfectly.

A10X paves the way for A11

TSMC's commentary in regard to the yield rate for its first 10-nanometer product doesn't suggest that said yields are by any means great. I suspect that both TSMC and rival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), which recently began production of Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon 835 chip, rushed to get their respective 10-nanometer technologies into production to meet their customers' strict product-release schedules.

The Snapdragon 835 needs to be available to power flagship Android smartphones in the March-April time-frame, the A10X needed to be ready for an early 2017 iPad launch, and Qualcomm rival MediaTek has said that its own 10-nanometer mobile applications processor, manufactured by TSMC and known as the Helio X30, will ship in the first half of 2017.

The A10X and the Helio X30 are likely to ship in low volumes, but they should be instrumental in helping TSMC to further boost its 10-nanometer manufacturing yields. The technology is going to need to be in top shape to support Apple's next-generation A11 chip that's set to power Apple's next-generation iPhones.

Considering how big a deal Apple's next-generation iPhones are expected to be in terms of unit shipments, Apple really can't afford any significant supply bottlenecks. But it's very likely that by the time Apple starts building the next-generation iPhone models, TSMC's 10-nanometer tech will be in solid shape. How Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Should Shell Out Its Cash Of all the news to come out the victory of President-Elect Donald J. Trump, none will be greeted more warmly than a possible tax law change for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). That s because the much-vaunted cash hoard that most praise when speaking about the tech giant might finally be dumped (at least in part) on Apple stock holders.

Corporate taxation rates in the U.S. remain at 35%, the highest in the world. As a result, many corporations that have earned money overseas leave their profits overseas, as well. Thus, those profits do not get taxed at U.S. rates.

In the case of Apple stock, that cash hoard has now reached $216 billion. Think about the sheer size of that cash pile, and what could be done with it   because right now, that cash pile is essentially worthless to AAPL.

Well, maybe not worthless. Maybe not even close to that. But it does hamstring Apple from being as efficient with its capital deployment as it could.

Apple Stock and the Wonders of Cash

I ve postulated that if the tax code isn t changed, Apple would start making large acquisitions overseas. That way it could add to its top and bottom line, even if the profits would still reside overseas. It would have to make acquisitions anyway, because Tim Cook is not demonstrating that he has any vision for Apple   at least as a company   and is just a game manager.

So, let s assume there is a repatriation of some kind, either through an exemption or permanent change in the tax code. First, let s look at where Apple stock would be presently valued.

The prevailing wisdom is that repatriated cash will probably be subject to a 10% to 15% tax rate, which means up to $33 billion would be taxed on AAPL, leaving net proceeds of $183 billion. Add in the $21 billion of cash here in the U.S., and Apple stock has a total of $204 billion, or about $40 per share in cash.

At the current price of $111, Apple stock is thus trading at $71 per share. So the market says the business itself is worth $376 billion. On trailing 12-month net income of $45.6 billion, Apple stock is thus trading at 8.3 times net income.

Normally, we d look at a company s earnings growth rate and make a judgment if the stock is fairly valued based on whether it is trading at a reasonable multiple compared to its growth rate. There s a small problem with that, though.

Apple s net income fell in fiscal 2016 by about 16%. Analysts project the five-year EPS to increase at 8% annually. However, that s earnings per share, not net income. And EPS growth is being juiced because of stock buybacks, even if not by much.

Next Page New Drone Footage Shows Off Apple's $5 Billion Futuristic Campus New drone footage is giving the world an update on Apple's new $5 billion headquarters under construction in Cupertino, California.

Footage of the campus appeared on videographer David Sexton's YouTube page on Friday. Designed by architectural firm Foster + Partners, the Apple Campus 2 includes a main circular building featuring a glass atrium, topped with solar panels. Its courtyard could feature several outdoor caf s, according to Sexton. A tunnel leads to a parking structure that fits 20,000 cars, and the campus also includes a 100,000-square-foot fitness center and an underground auditorium.

Apple Campus 2 is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with a move-in date sometime during the first quarter of 2017, according to CEO Tim Cook. Although landscaping has begun around campus, beautification and grounds projects will continue through mid-year. 
2016-08-30
Apple Ordered to Pay Up to $14.5 Billion in EU Tax Clampdown Apple Inc. was ordered to pay as much as 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) plus interest after the European Commission said Ireland illegally slashed the iPhone maker s tax bill, in a record crackdown on fiscal loopholes that also risks inflaming tensions with the U.S.

The world s richest company benefited from selective tax treatment that gave it an unfair advantage over other businesses, the European Union regulator said Tuesday. It s the largest tax penalty in a three-year campaign against corporate tax avoidance. Apple and Ireland both vowed to fight the decision in the EU courts.

Irish tax rulings to Apple are illegal state aid. Effective taxation as low as 0,005 pct. #Apple has to repay up to                                                 13 billion unpaid tax.   Margrethe Vestager (@vestager) August 30, 2016

Ireland allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1 percent on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005 percent in 2014, according to EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.

 If my effective tax rate would be 0.05 percent falling to 0.005 percent -- I would have felt that maybe I should have a second look at my tax bill,  she told reporters.

Click here to see a clip of Vestager s announcement.

The U.S. Treasury Department, which has pushed back hard against the EU state-aid probes, said the commission s actions  could threaten to undermine foreign investment, the business climate in Europe, and the important spirit of economic partnership between the U.S. and the EU. 

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said that Apple executives have shared concerns about the company s tax treatment overseas with officials in President Barack Obama s administration.

Administration officials are broadly concerned that what Earnest called the EU s  unilateral approach  doesn t undermine coordinated efforts to prevent an  erosion of the tax base.  Also, he said, they want to ensure that any actions are fair to U.S. taxpayers and U.S. businesses.

Apple, which employs about 6,000 people in Ireland, was one of the first companies caught up in the EU s backlash against corporate tax-avoidance. The EU, like other global regulators, has targeted firms that sidestep taxes by moving around profits and costs to wherever they are taxed most advantageously -- exploiting loopholes or special deals granted by friendly governments.

 The most profound and harmful effect of this ruling will be on investment and job creation in Europe,  Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in a letter published on the company s website.  Every company in Ireland and across Europe is suddenly at risk of being subjected to taxes under laws that never existed. 

Minister Noonan disagrees profoundly with Commission on Apple https://t.co/zim7k0NOQ4 pic.twitter.com/tRyR6c28HU   Dept of Finance IRL (@IRLDeptFinance) August 30, 2016

Apple shares fell as much as 1.2 percent in New York trading and were down 0.6 percent at 12:13 p.m.

While the 13 billion-euro figure represents the EU s estimate of how much Ireland should claw back from Apple, the commission said the actual figure could be less if other nations used the information gleaned by the EU to claim a share of taxes.

Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan said in an interview with Bloomberg TV that Vestager was advising countries to  in effect, form a queue and look for that tax. 

The commission said the amount could be reduced if the U.S. required Apple to pay larger amounts of money to its American parent company to finance research and development efforts.

Ultimately, the EU courts also have the power to cut or overturn repayment orders if they find fault with the commission methodology during the appeals process.

But such challenges can take years to finalize, meaning that the final sum Apple may have to pay won t be known until then. The money clawed back can be held in escrow pending a ruling.

While 13 billion euros is the highest ever sought by the EU in a state-aid case, it is unlikely to leave the company short of money. As of last month, Apple had $232 billion in cash, with about $214 billion of that being held overseas. Apple generated about $4.45 billion a month last year, meaning the decision would eat up about 3 months of profit.

Low corporate taxes are the cornerstone of Irish economic policy, with the 12.5 percent rate the lowest in Western Europe and a draw for Alphabet Inc. s Google and Facebook Inc. to Dublin. More than 700 U.S. companies have units there, which employ 140,000 people, according to the American Chamber of Commerce in Ireland.

 It s strange to think that Ireland would not want to collect more taxes from Apple, but Ireland s primary concern here is protecting domestic investment and jobs,  said Matt Larson, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence.

#AppleTax decision by @EU_Commission well grounded and justified. No company must be too big to avoid taxes, quite the opposite   Martin Schulz (@MartinSchulz) August 30, 2016

 Made Up Number 

Luca Maestri, the company s chief financial officer, accused the EU of using a  completely made up number  and said that there was  no special deal  from Ireland.

In preliminary findings in 2014, European competition authorities said Apple s tax arrangements were improperly designed to give the company a financial boost in return for creating jobs in Ireland.

The investigation by the commission s antitrust agency centers on two tax rulings that Ireland gave Apple -- the first in 1991, long before the iPhone, and another in 2007. The EU said Tuesday it can order the repayment of illegal state aid for a 10-year period preceding its first request for information in 2013.

There was "no factual or economic justification" for Ireland's tax deal with Apple, EU says https://t.co/qCTqDn6nBS pic.twitter.com/CGHobr7pJw   Bloomberg (@business) August 30, 2016

Vestager said that Apple was allowed to allocate almost all sales profits to a head office that  only existed on paper.  This head office  has no employees, it has no premises, and it has no real activities,  she said.  The head office was subject to no tax in Ireland or elsewhere.  Better Buy: Apple Inc. vs. Microsoft Together, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) are worth more than $1 trillion. Apple, which derives much of its revenue from the ever-popular iPhone, is the most profitable company in the Fortune 500, generating more than $50 billion of profit last year alone. Microsoft, a decades-old software titan known for Windows and Office, remains wildly profitable even as it undergoes a transformation that's reshaping the company.

Over the past year, shares of the two companies have diverged. Microsoft has soared, driven by a growing cloud business, while Apple has sunk, weighed down by the first-ever year-over-year decline in iPhone sales.

The two companies' roles have seemingly reversed. Microsoft, long considered a tech dinosaur, has become an innovation machine, teasing its HoloLens augmented reality headset, launching products like the Surface Book, and quickly ramping up its cloud computing business. Apple, once viewed as a company that could do no wrong, is now being criticized for failing to come up with exciting new products.

With all of this in mind, one question remains: Is Apple or Microsoft the better buy?

The case for Apple

Apple, at this point, is being valued like it's never going to grow again. The stock trades at just 11.6 times last year's earnings, and if you back out the mountain of cash on its balance sheet net of debt, that ratio falls to just 8.7. The market isn't expecting much from Apple.

The bull case for Apple is simple. Sales of iPhones, which account for around two-thirds of the company's revenue and likely an even greater share of its profits, simply need to hold up. iPhone sales tumbled in the past two quarters, with unit sales dropping by 15% year over year during the fiscal third quarter. If Apple can arrest this decline with the new iPhone 7 and maintain its current market share going forward, the company's outsized profits should continue. Add in a growing services business that has the potential to expand quickly for years to come, and Apple looks pretty attractive under this bullish scenario.

That bullish case can be filed under "easier said than done." The iPhone business is facing quite a few headwinds, including sluggish demand for smartphones, the end of subsidies in the United States, and the vast quality improvement being seen in mid-range and low-end phones. Maintaining unit volume and the $650 base price tag associated with the iPhone will be a tall order.

There is a chance that a moonshot, like the rumored car that Apple is working on, will prove to be as popular and profitable as the iPhone. But right now, the iPhone is the only thing that really matters for Apple. If the company can put an end to the recent iPhone sales declines, or at least slow down the pace, the stock is undeniably cheap. But if the iPhone business continues to disappoint, earnings and the stock could be sent lower.

The case for Microsoft

The market is far more optimistic about Microsoft. The stock trades at about 20 times the average analyst estimate for earnings this year, a lofty multiple for a company as large as Microsoft. On a GAAP basis, per-share earnings were the same in fiscal 2016 as they were in fiscal 2010. Investors are clearly expecting growth to pick up in the coming years.

Under CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has invested heavily in cloud computing. Its dominant Office suite has been offered as a subscription service for years, and its Azure cloud platform is second only to Amazon Web Services in size. Revenue from Azure more than doubled year over year during the latest quarter, and Office 365 commercial revenue jumped 54%.

Even with this rapid cloud growth, Microsoft may not be moving fast enough. John Thompson, Microsoft chairman, recently told Bloomberg that he's worried that the company's traditional software business could disappear in just a few years. Accelerating the shift to a cloud-based business model may be painful in the short-term, but failing to move quickly enough could lead to disaster in the long run.

By assigning Microsoft stock an optimistic valuation, investors are signaling their confidence that the company can successfully navigate this transition and produce consistent earnings growth in the coming years. The biggest risk is that the technological landscape changes in a way that Microsoft doesn't see coming, leading the company to fall behind, much like it did in the mobile market.

The verdict

This is a tough one, but I think Microsoft edges out Apple, despite the vast difference in valuation. Microsoft's business is far more diverse, and the company is acting aggressively in order to make sure it doesn't repeat the mistakes of the past. Apple, on the other hand, has yet to prove that it can produce innovative new products that move the needle. There's a real chance that Apple won't be able to stop the decline in iPhone sales, and while other product lines like Mac and iPad generate billions of dollars in annual sales, the iPhone is what really matters.

Predicting anything in the world of tech is hard, and Apple may very well outperform my pessimistic expectations. But I think the stock is riskier than many people assume, and that makes Microsoft the better buy. Expectations Are Low Ahead of Apple, Inc.'s iPhone 7 Event Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster brought up a good point in a note to investors on Monday after Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) sent out invitations to its iPhone launch event next Wednesday: Expectations are low -- maybe too low.

Low expectations

It doesn't take a Wall Street analyst to realize that expectations for Apple are low. Apple stock trades with a price-to-earnings ratio of just 12.5 -- wildly conservative for an established market leader with significant pricing power and a long history of earnings growth and customer loyalty. For comparison, the average P/E ratio of stocks in the S&P 500 is 25 -- about twice Apple's P/E ratio.

And given that iPhones accounted for 64% of Apple's trailing-12-month revenue, this low price-to-earnings ratio is obviously at least partially due to low expectations for the company's biggest product segment.

Of course, there's reason for investors to have low expectations for iPhone. Apple's iPhone revenue in its most recent quarters -- its second and third fiscal quarter of 2016 -- decreased 18% and 23%, year over year, respectively. Investors are worried that a year-over-year decline in iPhone revenue could mean iPhone sales have peaked.

But if investors are wrong about peaking iPhone sales, Apple stock could prove to be a bargain at today's prices. And this seems to be what Munster is getting at with his note to investors. Munster (via AppleInsider) believes low expectations mean there is upside potential for the stock if the refreshed flagship iPhone attracts more customers than expected.

AppleInsider's Neil Hughes summarized Munster's sentiment: "Munster suggested that investor expectations for the so-called 'iPhone 7' are low. As a result, he believes any unexpected announcements or features unveiled next week -- such as an improvement in battery life over the current iPhone 6s series -- could help propel shares of AAPL higher."

A huge opportunity

Not only may there be upside potential for Apple stock if iPhone 7 attracts more buyers than expected, but this potential upside could be substantial.

Munster estimates that Apple's active installed base of iPhone users includes about 275 million who are still using an iPhone that's more than two years old, or pre-iPhone 6 phones with displays 4 inches or smaller. Given that Apple is currently selling slightly over 200 million iPhones a year, this base of customers makes for a large potential market for the rumored iPhone 7 if Apple can create a compelling value proposition for the device next week.

But the opportunity for Apple's iPhone business to return to growth and outperform expectations doesn't end with its iPhone launch next week. Apple will get, as Munster notes, "two shots on goal."

Its next opportunity? Next year's iPhone. If Apple can simply maintain current levels of iPhone sales but scores a big with its 10-year anniversary iPhone next year, which is expected to include a significant overhaul, Apple would essentially get another chance at making the stock's current valuation look borderline silly.

Low expectations may be suppressing Apple stock in the near term, but it may also be creating a near-term buying opportunity as investors fail to fully appreciate upside potential for the iPhone segment. How Much Will Apple, Inc. Spend Repurchasing Its Stock This Quarter? Companies have a number of ways they can spend their excess cash, including acquiring companies, paying dividends, and repurchasing shares. Tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) does all of these. But it spends far more repurchasing shares than it does making acquisitions or paying cash to shareholders. Indeed, since the company initiated a dividend and share-repurchase program in 2012, it has bought back a whopping $127 billion worth of Apple stock.

With $48 billion of its $175 billion authorized for share repurchases left after the end of its fiscal third quarter, how many shares could Apple repurchase in fiscal Q4?

Estimating Apple's Q4 share repurchases

The best way to guess how many shares Apple could repurchase this quarter is to look back at how much Apple has been spending on repurchases recently.

In fiscal Q3, Apple repurchased about $10 billion worth of its own shares. While this is a huge sum, it's notably about in line with the company's average spending on repurchases since April 2013, when Apple gave its capital return program its first of four significant annual boosts to date. And repurchases haven't cooled off recently; in the four quarters leading up to Apple's most recent quarter, the company averaged about $9 billion on share buybacks each quarter.

Going forward, Apple's quarter-to-quarter spending on repurchases is likely to vary, but money spent on share repurchases should continue to average around $9 billion each quarter. Apple's share repurchases in Q4, therefore, will fall somewhere around a range of $7 billion to $12 billion.

Apple's announcement earlier this year that it was increasing its share-repurchase authorization from $140 billion to $175 billion highlights the company's ongoing commitment to continue repurchasing shares, and it further supports a forecast for more of the same when it comes to repurchases.

But is Apple stock getting too expensive?

Despite the Apple board's recent boost to the company's share-repurchase authorization, some investors may wonder if management might limit stock buybacks since shares have rebounded recently from around $90 per share in May to about $106 today. After all, share repurchases make more sense when the stock can be bought at a discount to fair value. And a higher price means Apple's money spent on repurchases doesn't go as far.

But there are two key reasons Apple will probably continue to buy back shares aggressively, even with shares trading around $106.

First, in calendar 2015, when Apple stock was trading mostly between $110 and $130, Apple averaged $9.3 billion per quarter on share repurchases. This suggests management believes Apple stock is still a solid value at prices above $105.

Second, despite Apple stock's recent run-up, the stock still has a surprisingly low price-to-earnings ratio of 12. It's difficult to argue that Apple is overvalued with a valuation like this.

With Apple stock trading around $106, there's no reason for management to rethink its share-repurchase program. Investors, therefore, should expect Apple to continue prioritizing share repurchases as the company decides how to allocate its excess cash. White House calls EU decision on Apple Inc. back taxes 'unfair' Apple Inc. officials have complained to the Obama administration about a European Union ruling requiring the technology company to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes to Ireland, and the White House said Tuesday it s concerned about the  unfairness  of the decision.

Administration officials are working with Apple behind the scenes on the tax liability, but White House press secretary Josh Earnest couldn t say what steps the U.S. might take with the EU.

 We are concerned about a unilateral approach  by the EU, Mr. Earnest said, adding that it could result in  merely a transfer of revenue from U.S. taxpayers to the EU. 

If Apple does pay back the taxes to Ireland, the company could deduct that mammoth payment from its U.S. tax bill.

 That wouldn t be fair to U.S. taxpayers,  Mr. Earnest said.

It s unclear what clout the administration will have on the issue with the EU, where a trade deal with the U.S. also is described by European officials as essentially dead. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman is headed for Europe in two weeks for another round of negotiations on trade.

Ireland has given illegal tax benefits worth up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) to Apple Inc. and must now recover the unpaid back taxes from the U.S. technology company, plus interest.

EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said Tuesday that Ireland gave illegal tax benefits to Appel and must now recover the unpaid taxes.

 Member states cannot give tax benefits to selected companies_this is illegal under EU state aid rules,  she said.

She said a three-year investigation found Ireland granted such lavish tax breaks to Apple over many years that the multinational s effective corporate tax rate on its European profits dropped from 1 percent in 2003 to a mere 0.0005 percent in 2014.

House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, Texas Republican, called the EU s move  a predatory and naked tax grab.  And it is another extreme consequence of our broken tax code that continues to hurt American workers,  Mr. Brady said.  This is occurring because our uncompetitive tax code strands American profits overseas instead of allowing businesses to bring those profits home to reinvest in our jobs, research, and growth. 

He said House Republicans will move forward with a tax reform plan  that will allow more companies to operate in our country, hire our workers, and help grow our economy. 

 Instead of standing by and allowing other countries to deliver multibillion-dollar tax bills to American companies, Washington should act now to ensure this doesn t happen again,  Mr. Brady said. 3 Stocks to Watch on Tuesday: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Hershey Co (HSY) and United ... It was a strong day for U.S. markets, spearheaded by a 1% rise in financials and a 0.3% rise in the healthcare industry. The S&P 500 gained 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average surged 0.3% and the Nasdaq Compsite increased 0.6%.

Today could be a bit more challenging, largely thanks to troubles plaguing Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). A couple of other companies are worth keeping an eye on Tuesday, too, including Hershey Co (NYSE: HSY ) and United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE: UAL ).

Here s what you need to know:

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Apple stock is going to open strongly lower on Tuesday amid a European Union antitrust ruling that will dig into AAPL s mighty cash hoard.

EU regulators on Tuesday ordered Ireland to recoup up to 13 billion euros, or $14.6 billion, from Apple. That represents some 20 years  worth of unpaid taxes, which EU s European Commission says was the result of illegal state aid.

From Reuters:

 Apple, which with Ireland said it will appeal the decision, paid tax rates on European profits on sales of its iPhone and other devices and services of between just 0.005 percent in 2014 and 1 percent in 2003, the Commission said. 

Not that Apple will have to go begging, of course. AAPL has roughly $230 billion in cash and total investments, including more than $60 billion in cash and short-term investments. And it clearly won t have to worry about repatriation in this instance.

Nonetheless, Apple s Tim Cook says EU move has  serious, wide-reaching implications. 

AAPL shares were off roughly 2% in Tuesday s premarket trade.

Hershey Co (HSY)

Hershey s shares are plummeting now that it appears a major suitor has called it quits and is swearing off HSY.

Rumors had been swirling for month regarding a potential deal that would have united Hershey s with Mondelez International Inc (NASDAQ: MDLZ ). However, the two companies could not come to an agreement, and Mondelez said in a statement late Monday that it saw no path toward an agreement going forward.

MDLZ previously offered Hershey s a merger offer in late June worth $107 per share, which would have been paid in cash and stock. The latter rejected the deal.

The news will certainly take some of the shine off what has been a strong year for HSY stock, up about 25% year-to-date. Shares are off 10% in Tuesday s premarket action.

United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL)

United Airlines hired a former American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ: AAL ) president to fill the same role.

Scott Kirby, 49, was pushed out of American Airlines on Monday and offered a severance package worth $13 million in cash and stock. United didn t waste time, offering Kirby an offer the same day to become the airline s new president.

United CEO Oscar Munoz currently is the president as well, so he ll relinquish that position to Kirby. The latter will play a role in the company s marketing, sales and management segments.

UAL shares were up more than 3% before Tuesday s bell.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: 
2016-07-04
Maybe the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Won't Be So Boring After All Many of the rumors and leaks around Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 7 point to a device that's, at least cosmetically, not significantly changed from the iPhone 6 and 6s families of phones. The iPhone 7 is still expected to come in 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display variants, it's still expected to have the same general "shape" as the prior generation iPhones, and the general "look and feel" isn't expected to be much different.

However, a recent set of leaks suggest that Apple is making a bunch of changes that, in aggregate, could add up to both a more functional and better looking family of devices. Let's take a closer look.

Force Touch home button

Cowen and Company (via ZDNet), as well as 9to5Mac, separately reported that the next generation iPhone could feature a "Force Touch" home button. Indeed, a source reportedly told 9to5Mac that the home button on the next iPhone will still be a physical button but "will feature haptic feedback to simulate a click, using the same approach as Force Touch."

Although this won't fundamentally change the functionality of the device, this seems like a much more elegant implementation of the home button than a physical button.

Space black casing option

Apple is also rumored to offer the next iPhone in what is described as a "much darker space gray." Well-known 3D artist Martin Hajek produced a number of renderings of a next generation iPhone in such a color (along with the other rumored design changes such as the removal of the top and bottom antenna lines and the inclusion of a larger rear camera lens), and I must say that the renderings show a significantly prettier device than the iPhone 6/6s.

Lots of technical changes

Beyond the above changes, I'm expecting significant technical improvements under the hood. Wireless chipmaker Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) has already indicated that Apple will be beefing up both the cellular and the Wi-Fi capabilities of the next iPhone.

Additionally, we can expect that Apple has significantly revamped the cameras in both the smaller and larger variants of the new iPhones, something that many leaks have hinted at. Given how important camera functionality is in smartphones, and given that Apple didn't make as large an advance as some might have hoped with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus in this area, improvements here should be most welcome.

Though there hasn't been much in the way of leaks around the display technologies that will be used in the upcoming iPhones, I'm expecting that Apple will deliver significant improvements here. I continue to believe that the new iPhones will pack displays with even better contrast ratios and color accuracy than the displays on the 6/6s series' of phones.

Apple also introduced a wide color gamut display on the iPad Pro 9.7-inch, which dramatically improved color saturation of the display. I would be absolutely stunned if the new phones didn't feature wide gamut displays, particularly as the improvement can be quite impressive (I've observed this firsthand with my iPad Pro relative to my iPad Air 2).

We'll see how this new phone does

It's expected at this point that we won't see a dramatically revamped iPhone until the 2017 model. However, there does seem to be an opportunity for Apple to make reasonable, if not revolutionary, advances across a number of vectors from the prior generation phone.

It'll only be a couple of months before we see exactly what Apple has done with the new phone and whether it has crafted a device that can put an end to the current slump in iPhone sales or not. 
2016-01-05
3 Acquisitions That Would Immediately Change Apple's Valuation Debate But with ~$200 billion in cash, AAPL can force investors to view and value the company differently.

Michael Santoli didn't waste any time after our panel discussion on CNBC's Closing Bell last week to chide Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White - again - for suggesting investors need to "look at Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) through a new lens" and value it appropriately.

I agree wholeheartedly and said so later in the segment.

You'll recall, billionaire Carl Icahn peddled a similar line of reasoning to White's in early 2015 to no avail. In an open letter to Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) followers, he wrote:

It seems to us that the market is somehow missing a very basic principle of valuation: When a company's future earnings are expected to grow at a much faster rate than that of the S&P 500, the market should value that company at a higher P/E multiple.

On the surface, White and Icahn's argument sound logical. The only problem? In Apple's case, reality trumps logic.

Apple has grown earnings faster than the market for years. Yet the stock has seldom commanded a premium market multiple. In fact, since the end of 2011, it has actually traded at an average discount of 23% to the S&P 500 P/E ratio, based on Morningstar data. And if we strip out Apple's cash, the discount is even more pronounced.

No matter how hard a sell-side analyst, and even a billionaire try, investors aren't going to suddenly start valuing Apple differently. Not in its current form.

So what would it take?

Armed with over $200 billion in cash, I can think of at least three moves the company could make to change the narrative and in turn, the valuation.

Move #1: Acquire Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) to own the wearables market from top to bottom.

The wearables market is on fire. In the third quarter, unit sales increased almost 200% to 21 million, according to IDC. No doubt, fourth quarter numbers will be similarly strong, thanks to the holiday shopping season.

There's no end in sight to the growth either. Gartner predicts the wearable tech market will expand at a compound annual growth rate of 49% through 2020. In terms of unit volumes, IDC estimates 72.1 million wearable devices will be shipped this year, rising to 155.7 million units in 2019.

Fitbit has benefited handsomely from this robust trend, commanding the majority of the market share. But let's be fair. It's done so because of a lack of any true competitors. That's no longer the case. In fact, as I've argued before, Fitbit is in jeopardy of becoming the next one-product tech wonder, a la GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO). It would be wise to sell out to Apple at this point.

It's worth noting that Fitbit only sells basic wearables - a category that's expected to lose share over the next few years, leaving Apple poised to become the next market leader for all wearables. - IDC

For Apple, the acquisition would allow the company to dominate the wearables market from top to bottom. (The only device cheaper would be the Mi Band fitness tracker from China's Xiaomi).

Source: Company Websites

I know, I know. Apple is a stickler for design and Fitbit's product lineup hardly fits into Jony Ive's aesthetic. But that's a design challenge I'm certain Apple could tackle in a couple of quarters, post-acquisition.

Even if Apple paid a princely sum of $10 billion for Fitbit, it would be worthwhile, given the wearables market is expected to ramp from $20 billion this year to almost $70 billion in 2025, according to IDTechEx. All told, the move could boost Apple's top line growth by up to 10%, as the wearables market takes off.

Move #2: Acquire VeriFone Systems (NYSE:PAY) to vertically integrate - and dominate - the mobile payment market.

According to a new forecast from eMarketer, mobile payments at point-of-sale (POS) terminals are set to explode from $9 billion this year to more than $27 billion in 2016. That's a 200% year-over-year increase and represents an acceleration of the 125% growth rate expected this year. By 2019, mobile payment volumes are expected to eclipse the $210 billion mark - a 2,233% over current levels. And that's just in the United States.

Source: eMarketer

I've long viewed Apple as a strong play on mobile payments. In fact, I predicted that the company would enter the market on CNBC's Closing Bell in January 2014 - well ahead of the official October 2014 announcement. As expected, Apple Pay is off to a solid start.

Roughly, 20% of consumers with an iPhone that supports Apple Pay have used it, according to Trustev. Over time, usage is bound to increase because Apple Pay possesses the three main ingredients to captivate the masses - familiarity (i.e., brand recognition), simplicity, and security.

The switch to chip-and-pin technology (known as EMV) promises to provide a near-term bump in adoption, too. In short, the status quo is changing from a simple swipe of a credit card to a lengthy 15-second (or more) process. Suddenly, a motivation for consumers to make the switch to mobile payments en masse exists because it's much quicker.

By acquiring VeriFone, Apple can accelerate its market penetration and assert its dominance by positioning itself on both the consumer side and retailer side of the mobile payment boom.

VeriFone is the global leader in secure electronic payment solutions. It makes the POS terminals, which support the new credit cards with chips, as well as NFC. At the end of 2014, around 28% of merchants worldwide used NFC-enabled POS terminals. But by 2020, Berg Insight estimates that the number will hit 70%. Put simply, the company represents a pure-play on the hardware side of the mobile payment boom, which is in the midst of a massive upgrade cycle.

Again, let's assume Apple pays up for the acquisition. A purchase price of $5 billion, equal to a 60% premium, would conservatively add 7% to 10% to Apple's top line growth, based on current revenue estimates for both companies.

Move #3: Acquire wireless charging companies Energous (NASDAQ:WATT) and Ossia (privately held) to solidify dominance in the mobile market and enable dominance of the Internet of Things ("IoT") market.

In case you haven't noticed, incremental innovations in smartphones don't provide sustainable competitive advantages anymore. Within roughly one design cycle, whatever Apple rolls out (Force Touch, for instance), Samsung quickly follows (see here). And vice versa.

However, being able to ditch the power cord and charge mobile devices at a distance of 15 feet (or more) would be a true differentiator. That's possible with the technologies being brought to market by Energous and Ossia. Although each company's approach is different (pocket-forming vs. multipath calibration), both deliver wireless power over radio frequency ("RF") waves. Yes, there are regulatory risks involved with transmitting power over RF. But who better to address and overcome those concerns with the FCC than Apple?

Obtaining wireless charging capabilities to cement its dominance in the mobile market should be viewed as a defensive move, as much as an offensive one for Apple. If it doesn't acquire these companies, Samsung or Xiaomi easily could given the cheap valuations.

Beyond that, Apple should make a move to own wireless charging technology (and the intellectual property) to give it the opportunity to dominate the IoT market.

No matter what estimate you choose for the number of internet-connected devices expected - 21 billion (Gartner), 34 billion (BI Intelligence) or 500 Billion (John Chambers, former CEO of Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO)) - it's clear the IoT is arguably going to be the "Biggest Thing Ever."

Before it becomes a reality, though, five barriers loom large (security, privacy, connectivity/interoperability, decipherability and electricity). I believe the most critical barrier to overcome is the last one. The prospect of regularly changing batteries on billions of devices is daunting and highly impractical as a permanent solution, to say the least. Hardwiring every IoT device isn't feasible, either. As a result, all roads lead to wireless charging.

Energous is the closest to providing a solution to overcome this barrier. Not only has it already attracted a Tier 1 partner, rumored to be Samsung or possibly even Apple, it's only a few months away from having a commercially ready chipset to be incorporated into wearables, IoT, and mobile devices.

The reason it makes sense for Apple to acquire Ossia, too, is simple - doing so allows the company to own all of the relevant IP for wireless charging at a distance via RF. Not to mention, Apple can do so on the cheap. Energous currently trades at a market cap of about $131 million and Ossia has only raised $24 million in financing, likely pegging its valuation at much less. That's a pittance for the potential to dominate the IoT market.

Bottom Line

As the largest company in the world, Apple can't afford to only be a leading player in its end markets. It needs to dominate every market it serves. And the only way to change the narrative and convince investors to start valuing the company differently is to start dominating more markets. That process can begin if Apple makes any or all of the noteworthy and logical acquisitions above.

Without any of the acquisitions, I'm still bullish on Apple, just not as bullish as before. I've been banging the table to buy since January 2014. Back then, the stock traded around $72 (split adjusted) and it's up about 50% over that period. If the company can keep "blocking and tackling" in the iPhone business (upgrades, Android conversions and international expansion) - and deliver a better-than-expected holiday quarter now that analysts have universally lowered iPhone expectations - shares could reclaim their 52-week high in the year ahead, representing about a 25% upside to current prices.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, WATT.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 2 Reasons Apple Shares Will Rise in 2016 (AAPL) Several weeks ago, we discussed whether 2016 would be a fruitful year for Apple Inc. (AAPL), and I offered two reasons to expect AAPL shares to remain undervalued. With the all-important holiday quarter for the iPhone maker now completed, we will look at the other side of the coin. At around $105 today, Apple stock trades at around ten times fiscal 2016 EPS estimates of $9.74 a share, which is cheap and seven points below S&P 500's projected earnings.

Cupertino, Calif.-based Apple, which has some $206 billion in cash on its balance sheet and another $81 billion in operating cash flow, reports results for its fiscal first quarter later this month. And with AAPL shares having lost some 11% of its value just in past 30 days, while plummeting more than 16% since August, let's evaluate Apple's risk/reward profile with two scenarios that might reverse the market's near-term and long-term sentiment on the stock.

Scenario 1: A Blow-out First Quarter

Apple announces blow-out results for its fiscal first quarter, making several analysts who downgraded the stock in December look foolish in the process. Fears about the growth of Apple's iPhone business, which accounts for roughly 63% of its revenue, have put investors on high alert. And over the past 30 days, estimates for both the just-ended quarter and the March quarter have been lowered by 0.3% and 2.84%, respectively.

In this case, with analysts turning bearish and cutting iPhone unit shipment projections, Apple is able to either meet or beat its targets. Plus, in October when Apple reported results for its fiscal fourth quarter, the company   as it is known to do   provided tepid guidance for the just-ended quarter, which implied year-over-year revenue growth of about 2.5%. This was interpreted as a signal from management that Apple's iPhone sales growth, especially in China, had begun to stagnate.

But don't discount that Apple is known to low-ball its projections. And despite incessant worries about the strength of the Chinese economy, China fiscal Q4 sales surged 120% year over year. With consensus EPS estimates for the quarter that ended in December calling for $3.35 a share on revenue of $77.01 billion, translating to year-over-year growth of only 6% and 3.7%, respectively, Apple is in a good spot to deliver an upside surprise.

Scenario 2: New Shareholders

Current investors may worry, becoming frustrated even, at the recent decline in Apple shares, but each decline opens opportunities for new investors to buy. With Apple stock trading roughly 22% below its 52-week high of $134.54 and at a P/E of just 11   ten points below the S&P 500   it would seem the bearish thesis about Apple's growth is already priced into the shares. If Apple stock traded on par with the rest of the market, they would be valued today at around $165, not $105.

And here's the thing: As the stock has declined and remains undervalued, Apple's dividend yield has increased some 50 basis points in the past six months and now stands at around 2.00%, inline with other S&P 500 companies. This means as Apple transitions from a high-growth stock it is due to attract income investors who are arguably more patient with their investments, bringing much-deserved stability to the shares.

And with Apple likely to raise its dividend in a couple of months, combined with some $36 billion it expects to spend on additional buybacks in the next six quarters, Apple management will spare no expense to reward faithful shareholders, thereby propping up its own stock.

The Bottom Line

So, as the market continues to speculate about Apple's future and the long-term strength of iPhone sales, clamoring for it to buy GoPro Inc. (GPRO) or Tesla Motors (TSLA), investors would do well to focus on how discounted these shares are and the opportunity this presents in the future. Once on the brink of bankruptcy at the hands of Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), Apple has been down the road of despair and doubt before. Imagine had you picked Apple as a long-term investment then. 
2016-01-30
Your Next Car Will Probably Have Apple Inc. Inside You don't need to buy a car from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to take advantage of its automotive technology.

A growing number of the world's leading automotive manufacturers have signed on to support CarPlay, Apple's solution for the automotive infotainment system. Earlier this month at CES 2016, CarPlay scored two particularly notable victories, with both Ford and Fiat Chrysler pledging their support. If you plan to purchase a new car in the next year or two, there's an increasingly good chance it'll come equipped with CarPlay, or Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) alternative, Google's Android Auto.

The slow adoption of these systems should benefit their ecosystems, as easier automotive access makes their apps and services more alluring. It also poses a competitive threat to both Sirius XM Radio (NASDAQ:SIRI) and Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN).

Almost 80% of the U.S. car market

The U.S. automotive market is dominated by just a few companies. In December, six automotive manufacturers combined to produce more than 77% of the cars sold. Of those manufacturers, five have pledged to deliver CarPlay- or Android Auto-equipped vehicles by 2017. Some have already begun to deliver: Almost all of General Motors' 2016 model year vehicles come equipped with CarPlay and Android Auto.

Toyota is a notable and significant holdout (it's the second-largest seller of cars in the U.S., behind only GM), and not all other manufacturers plan to roll out CarPlay or Android Auto to their entire fleets -- at least not initially. Still, these interfaces seem destined to become commonplace among a significant number of new cars in the near future.

Owners of older vehicles can, if they so choose, take advantage of a growing number of aftermarket car stereos that come equipped with CarPlay or Android Auto. A few made their debuts in 2015, and more arrived earlier this month at CES. Both Pioneer and JBL unveiled half a dozen new models, some of which retail for as little as $400.

Better access to your smartphone

CarPlay and Android Auto don't offer consumers anything that they can't already do with their existing smartphones -- they are merely interfaces. CarPlay and Android Auto serve as a way to more easily beam content from an iPhone or Android smartphone to the dashboard. But that can make certain applications much more accessible, and therefore useful. Not every app seems adaptable, but audio apps and navigation translate easily.

CarPlay includes deep integration with Apple Music and Apple Maps, as well as several third-party apps such as Audible and Spotify. Android Auto also includes third-party apps, in addition to Google Maps and Google Play Music. Drivers can interact with these apps using their cars' touchscreens (rather than their phones) or by issuing voice commands.

Drivers who have access to CarPlay and Android Auto may find themselves using their phones as replacements for their cars' stereos, which poses a challenge to firms that have built their business around the dashboard. The bulk of Sirius XM's business comes from automotive use, and while the satellite radio giant has exclusive content (notably Howard Stern), the steady expansion of CarPlay and Android Auto will put it into increasing competition with Apple Music, Google Play Music, audiobooks, and podcasts.

Garmin faces a similar threat. The company's core automotive GPS business has contracted in recent years, but still generates more than one-third of Garmin's revenue. Garmin's management expects the business to continue contracting at a steady pace in future quarters, but the growth of Android Auto and CarPlay could accelerate that pace significantly. With Android Auto and CarPlay, it becomes much easier to ask Siri or Google to navigate you to a particular spot.

CarPlay and Android Auto aren't likely to benefit Apple or Alphabet much directly, but they should make consumers just a bit more reliant on their smartphones -- more tightly bound to Apple's and Alphabet's ecosystems. 
2016-01-24
Will Apple, Inc.'s Gross Profit Margin Continue Upward in 2016? During 2014 and 2015, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was firing on all cylinders as measured by almost any metric. Soaring revenue drove net income higher, and EPS was leveraged even further by the company's share repurchase program. But what was particularly impressive about Apple's rapid growth during this period was its improving gross profit margin. Driven by scale, improving cost curves, and higher prices, Apple's meaty gross profit margin is one of the company's greatest strengths.

But will Apple's gross profit margin face pressure in 2016?

Apple's gross profit margin history

Before we look forward into 2016, let's look back. Analysis of Apple's recent gross profit margin trends provides insight into the underlying drivers for the metric and gives investors a better idea of its opportunities and threats.

Just a few years ago, the narrative surrounding Apple's gross profit margin wasn't nearly as positive as it is today. After peaking in the second quarter of 2012 at above 47%, the introduction of an iPad mini and a completely redesigned iPhone with the iPhone 5, along with a high number of product launches across almost every category in a short period of time, put pressure on margins. This lower-priced iPad in the iPad Mini, paired with higher product costs, sent the company's quarterly gross profit margin all the way down to 38% -- or about 900 basis points lower.

At this point, investors were concerned that the proliferation of cheaper Android devices would erode Apple's pricing power, and the market seemed to treat the company's falling gross profit margin as proof that this storyline was bound to play out.

Apple's stock fell right along with its gross profit margin.

But it turned out that Apple's pricing power was stronger than the market thought. The company's gross profit margin bottomed out around 37%, and prices for Apple's iPhone, which represented over half of Apple's revenue, never came down. Going further, Apple proceeded to introduce higher-priced, higher-margin iPhones -- and customers paid up.

In 2014, when Apple introduced the iPhone 6 line, not only did Apple introduce a higher-end iPhone model in its iPhone 6 Plus, with a starting price $100 higher than previous starting prices for new iPhones, but the company also introduced a higher storage tier. These new pricing tiers pushing the highest priced iPhone all the way to $949 -- $200 higher than the highest priced iPhones for previous launches.

Consumers jumped at the chance to buy high-end iPhone models, proving worries about Apple's pricing power wrong. During Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2015, which was the first full quarter of iPhone 6 availability, iPhone unit sales rose 46% and iPhone revenue soared 57%.

What's next for Apple's gross profit margin?

Now, with about two years of positive year-over-year comparisons for Apple's gross profit margin, can the company continue to improve its profit margin much longer? More specifically, will Apple's gross profit margin continue to improve in 2016?

Apple's year-over-year comparisons for its gross profit margin in 2016 probably won't be as favorable as they were in 2016. Indeed, investors shouldn't be surprised if comparisons throughout the year level off. Not only is the company up against stronger comparisons in 2016 than it was in 2015, but there's also been no increase in the price of the company's phones this year, and slowing revenue growth means scale benefits won't come as easily.

Investors will get their first preview of Apple's fiscal 2016 gross profit margin comparisons on Tuesday, when the company reports quarterly results. Apple is guiding for a gross margin between 38.5% and 39.5%. In the year-ago quarter Apple's gross profit margin was 37.9%. 
2016-06-08
How Apple, Inc.'s Reduced App Store Cut Will Boost Its Services Business Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) knows full well just how important third-party content providers and developers are to its business. If Apple is a walled garden, then it's these stakeholders that build the walls.

That's why it's so meaningful that the company is now planning on making some important concessions in its relationships with developers. Specifically, Apple's famous 30% cut will be reduced in the context of subscriptions, according to a recent exclusive interview with marketing chief Phill Schiller by The Verge.

It's about time.

A pretty big carrot

According to the report, Apple's revenue-sharing model will shift and its cut for subscriptions will fall to 15%, allowing the developer or content provider to keep 85% after the first year. That's a big win for developers and content providers alike, since 30% has always been considered a tough pill to swallow when we're talking about long-term recurring revenue streams. Over time, it adds up -- fast.

This 30% cut has long been seen as a barrier for many developers and content providers, including dominant video streamer Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). For the longest time, you could not sign up directly for a Netflix subscription within the company's iOS mobile apps. At about $9 per month at the time (before the recent price increase), margins were already slim enough. For many smaller companies that lack scale, the 30% cut was simply economically unviable.

Late last year, Netflix had a change of heart and introduced in-app subscription purchases. I suspected at the time that Netflix had likely negotiated some type of pricing concession since it's a high-profile company, and there had previously been reports that Apple was testing lower rates for subscription content.

Apple will allow all categories of apps to sell subscriptions, including important categories like games.

Giving some back

It's hard to imagine that Apple's costs for operating the App Store are particularly meaningful, especially when you consider the global scale at which it operates. Sure, there are fixed costs around data centers and variable costs around employees that maintain it, but selling third-party content is very likely a high-margin business for Apple.

It stands to reason that it can then afford to give up some of that profit for the sake of benefiting developers, and the increased percentage that developers can now keep is a strong incentive to shift their own revenue models toward subscriptions. While we're talking about a 15-percentage-point increase in the developer's cut, that's more than a 20% increase relative to existing monetization levels -- and it's recurring, so that extra money compounds over time.

Meanwhile, Apple has been trying very hard to shift investor focus toward its large and growing services business, as a way to de-emphasize slowing iPhone unit sales. The company even introduced a new non-GAAP metric last quarter, called installed base related purchases. This new metric ignores the differing accounting methods associated with different types of content, and purely represents how much people are spending on their devices. The total was $9.9 billion last quarter.

While Apple will take a smaller cut of subscriptions, the full subscription value will be included in installed base related purchases, so providing strong incentives for developers to sell more subscriptions will help Apple's case. The Mac maker really wants you to know how big its service business really is.

And it's only going to get bigger. Apple: Ready For A Historical Pullback?  Is Apple A Good Investment For Dividend Growth Investors? I started my investing journey last year, and the second stock that I bought for my dividend growth portfolio was Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). In late July last year, the stock hit more than $130 a share, and I started my position after a drop to around $120 just a few days later. I've seen the stock come within a few dollars of my initial purchase price on a couple of times since my first small buy. I've also seen it drop to ~$90 a share on a couple of occasions. The ebb and flow of stock prices are not a big concern at this point, and I've had small purchases at a number of price points in the months since.

As noted above, I bought Apple as a dividend growth stock. Usually, dividend growth investors lean toward dividend payers that have paid out a growing dividend for a decade or more. Most of my portfolio would fall into the latter category. Also, the dividend yield that Apple had at that time was just around 1.8 percent, which is lower than I would usually buy. However, I chose to invest a portion of my portfolio into companies that have a smaller dividend with the potential of higher growth over the long term. After all, it is possible to do quite well with AT&T (NYSE:T) payments over the long term, but the growth of the dividend for the telecom giant has been right around ~2 percent for several years. This is not a quick grower, and companies with lower payout ratios and higher growth rates can eventually catch up.

Apple has the potential to grow its dividend much more quickly than a stalwart like AT&T. Its first dividend in nearly two decades was paid out in August 2012, so there is only a four-year history of recent Apple dividends. The first payout was just under $0.38 when accounting for the 7-for-1 split that the company provided for shareholders in June 2014. There have been four dividend raises in the past four years. Shareholders have benefited from raises of 15, 8, 11, and 10 percent over the past four years, which is much higher than the growth exhibited by some of the most popular dividend-paying stocks like the aforementioned T. A dividend that grows by around 10 percent a year should double approximately every seven years, and Apple's payout is already more than 50 percent higher than it was just four short years ago. This shows that it should come close to doubling after about seven years if its growth remains fairly constant.

The most recent quarter was a bit of a disappointment to investors, as Apple's earnings dropped by more than $3 billion in the most recent quarter on a year-over-year basis. However, this was just three months after the company set a record with an $18.4 billion profit in December 2015. Even in a "down" quarter, Apple was still a massive cash cow with a net income of $10.5 billion. According to dividend.com, Apple currently boasts a dividend yield of 2.3 percent and a payout percentage of just 27.5 percent on a annual net income of $8.29 per share. This is a very sustainable dividend.

Furthermore, Apple just announced that it had authorized buying out $35 billion worth of additional stock. This buyback program follows a retirement of nearly 5 percent of outstanding shares in FY 2015. This means that the dividend payout will be higher for each share after the 10 percent increase in the dividend, but that the overall payout will grow at a much slower rate because it will be paid out over fewer shares. If revenue and income remain relatively flat over time, the earnings per share be positively affected as a result of the buybacks.

While Apple did not have a quarterly report that was as great as some recent reports, there is a new iPhone coming out later this year, and there are millions of people who are loyal customers who buy every new upgrade that the company puts out. This should provide a massive infusion of revenue toward the end of this year. In FY 2015, Apple reported a free cash flow of more than $70 billion while only paying out $11.56 billion in dividends. All of this points toward Apple being able to continue to grow the dividend in future years. The biggest concern is the possibility of lower-than-normal sales of the new release of the iPhone 7. In spite of this concern, I am planning to continue adding to my position with small periodic purchases in the future to dollar-cost average.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, T.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: I am not a licensed financial professional. This article is intended for informational/entertainment purposes. Please do due diligence before investing in any equity, as losses up to and including all capital invested can occur. Apple And Amazon: A Portfolio Only Needs One Do you always seem to hold one underperformer in your portfolio? If you have held Apple (AAPL) and Amazon (AMZN) for any length of time, chances are you have.

Source: Prorealtime

Since 2011 they have taken turns to push to new all time highs, while the other rests and consolidates the previous move. This is quite normal rotational behavior between sectors, but fairly unusual in two tech stocks.

What this means for holders and potential buyers

Anyone holding both stocks since 2011 has done very well, and will probably be happy just to hold. The fact that one lags may be frustrating, but if investments are working, I wouldn't suggest tinkering. As the old saying goes, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.

For investors with a <5 year holding period, trading in and out of both stocks will have increased gains by a large margin, but that's easy to say in hindsight. You may have patted yourself on the back for being fully invested in AAPL in 2014 while AMZN traded down. But if you missed the gap up in AMZN at the start of 2015, you either risked chasing or were left behind as it sailed off without you.

Current holders of both stocks with a medium term horizon may want to re-balance their portfolios to take advantage of any relative strength. And there are shorter term traders (such as myself) who are looking to buy either stock for the next big swing. What we all want to know is where and when the next move will be...

Timing is everything

Each stock has its own drivers of price. These are complex and in many cases hard to pin down. What we can say is there are two general types of driver or narrative: positive drivers for when the stock is rallying (e.g. growth and good earnings) and negative drivers for when the stock is correcting.

The specifics of the narrative do not concern me too much. All stocks go through periods of growth and consolidation and we hear a slightly different story each time. What is more predictable and repetitive is the behavior of the stock's participants:

When the narrative turns negative (for whatever reason) the participants in these stocks respond in nearly the exact same way. A 30% decline sets a floor that is repeatedly tested and accumulated against. When the time is right it acts as a springboard for the next rally.

Clearly AAPL has a long way still to rally if this analogue is to be believed, but it is something I have followed for a while and I tweeted the same chart on 16th May, which got me involved in the majority of the recent AAPL rally. The timing for an AAPL long seems right.

A pair trade?

If you look closely at the first chart you will notice that the phasing for one stock does not start and end at exactly the opposite time as the other. Even the most correlated securities do not move in perfect unison.

During many periods it was beneficial to hold AAPL and AMZN together, and I believe one of those times is now. However, this will change and I aim to update this article when I think AMZN will turn. I focus on sentiment, technical analysis and market context, and while there may be a small pullback due, AMZN does not look like topping below $800.

One other option is to hold AMZN short and AAPL long at equal dollar value. Over the next 12 months AAPL should significantly outperform AMZN. If you are concerned that the stock market is overvalued and due a significant correction, this trade should appeal.

Conclusion

Stocks do not always move in unison. At first glance it seems there is no correlation, only chaos, but occasionally patterns emerge that present opportunities. AAPL price action appears to be lagging AMZN by around a year, and this presents us with an opportunity to go long.

AMZN provides the map and AAPL provides the trade.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple: iPhone's Cost Of Ownership Advantage  Eros now launches on Apple TV  
2016-10-10
Apple, Inc. Is Still Trying to Catch Up With Alphabet in Cloud Services Cloud services have always been a weak spot for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), particularly when compared with Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) expansive portfolio of Google services. Just mentioning "MobileMe" brings back traumatizing memories for any longtime Apple user. And does anyone even actually use Apple Maps?

Even though Apple's iCloud services are now stronger than they've ever been, the iPhone maker still has a lot of catching up to do. And that's exactly what the company is trying to do.

All together now

Bloomberg reports that Apple is in the process of streamlining its engineering teams in order to unify its services efforts. Currently, the company has teams spread out in different offices located around Silicon Valley. These teams, which report to services chief Eddy Cue, will all be moving into the company's main headquarters in Cupertino under one roof.

Apple knows how important proximity is for collaboration; Steve Jobs famously designed the original Pixar headquarters in a way that would maximize random encounters between teams. Apple tries to locate teams together but the company has outgrown its headquarters, which is partially why it's building a new spaceship-like campus in the first place.

Meanwhile, the iPhone maker is looking to revamp its cloud infrastructure, instead of relying on competitors for delivering critical cloud services. Apple transitioned a lot of its cloud spending to Google Compute earlier this year. Bloomberg says this initiative is code-named Pie (get it?), and has already started transitioning key services, including Siri and iTunes, to the new platform. It's unclear if this is a different initiative than Project McQueen, a similar effort that was reported earlier this year where Apple was looking to move cloud infrastructure in-house.

Show me the money

As Apple continues to try to divert attention away from unit sales, instead emphasizing a financial narrative around recurring revenue sources, services are becoming even more important to Apple. Many investors may not realize that services are now the second-largest source of revenue for the iPhone maker, even larger than the Mac or iPad.

Segment (MRQ) Revenue (MRQ) iPhone $24 billion Services $6 billion Mac $5.2 billion iPad $4.9 billion Other products $2.2 billion

Services revenue overtook Mac revenue for the first time ever in the first quarter of this year.

Arguably, this focus on direct monetization could even prove to be a hurdle. For instance, Apple hopes customers will pay up for iCloud storage tiers to store things like photos, while Google Photos offers free unlimited storage for photos (downscaled modestly). Google's new Pixel will even offer free and unlimited storage for full-resolution images. Apple is unlikely to match that offer since it wants to increase services revenue.

For now, Google remains leagues ahead of Apple in terms of most services. The only exception that comes to mind is iMessage, which Apple recently turned into a platform with the addition of an App Store and other add-ons like those found in Asian services like WeChat and Line. For some strange reason, Google offers half a dozen chat apps. Beyond that, Google services handily beat Apple services in pretty much every other department. Apple Inc.'s iPhone Display Innovation Pipeline Historically, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has updated the displays on its iPhone lineup every two generations. Every "new number" iPhone would get a best-in-class, state-of-the-art display, which would then be recycled in the following year's "s" model, where it would still be quite good, but no longer class-leading.

However, I believe that going forward, this practice -- largely because of Apple's ability to more aggressively invest in developing and implementing new generation display technologies -- will come to an end. Instead, I expect Apple to implement meaningful display performance and quality enhancements with each new iPhone, at least over the next three years.

With that in mind, I'd like to outline the display innovations that I expect Apple to bring to market with each of these next three iPhones.

iPhone 8 brings us OLEDs

It's been widely reported that Apple plans to move away from liquid crystal displays (LCDs) to displays implementing organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs). The shift from LCDs to OLEDs is expected to allow Apple to offer phones with displays that curve into the sides, like what the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and Note7 currently sport.

Indeed, numerous reports say that Apple is planning to do just that with its next-gen iPhones. In addition to the curved displays, OLEDs should dramatically enhance the quality of dark content, particularly as OLEDs allow for virtually perfect black levels, unlike with LCDs, where the color black doesn't look perfectly black, particularly in low-light surroundings.

However, the display innovation won't end with the move to OLEDs.

Next step? Faster OLEDs

With next year's iPad lineup, Apple is expected to introduce a "faster display technology," according to Bloomberg. I don't think Apple will try to move to a high-refresh-rate display with the 2017 iPhone, as the company will have had enough on its plate working with its display manufacturing partners to get its first crack at a smartphone-class OLED correct.

However, KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo reported a little while back that Apple may transition to a curved OLED display for its 2018 iPad lineup. Since Apple won't be able to "go back" with respect to refresh rates, this means that Apple is planning to introduce high-refresh rate curved OLED panels with the iPads that we'll see in the spring of 2018.

Given that tablet displays are likely more difficult to produce, as they're larger and more susceptible to defects, if Apple has high-refresh curved OLEDs ready for early 2018 iPads, they should certainly be ready to go for fall-2018 iPhones.

After that? Maybe micro-LEDs

Back in 2014, Apple acquired a company called LuxVue that was working on a technology called micro-LEDs. In a nutshell, micro-LEDs are said to offer several advantages over OLEDs, including higher brightness, greater power efficiency, and longer lifespans.

A report from Digitimes suggested that Apple may use micro-LEDs in the Apple Watch that's expected to make its debut during the second half of 2017. If Apple can do that, then the technology could very well be scaled up to support the larger display size of the iPhone for the second half of 2019.

What does this mean for iPhone?

At the end of the day, the display is a critical part of the user experience in a smartphone. Going forward, it's going to become increasingly difficult to persuade users to upgrade to new smartphones, particularly if their current models seem "good enough."

By innovating aggressively on display technology, Apple will at least be able to make improvements to future iPhones that potential customers can see with their own eyes. This could ultimately help Apple maintain or even grow iPhone sales over the next couple of years, even in the face of a slowing smartphone industry coupled with heightened competitive pressures. Apple: Downtrend Broken, Next Stop $140  
2016-04-15
Apple Inc. Supplier TSMC Talks Chip Tech TSMC (NYSE:TSM) is the largest pure-play chip manufacturing company. It doesn't design the chips that get sold into the marketplace, but it produces what are effectively "silicon canvases" to allow the companies that do design said chips to build their products.

The Taiwan-based chip manufacturer hosted its first-quarter earnings call on April 14 and, in addition to talking about its business performance, provided a fairly substantial update on the state of its current and future chip manufacturing technologies.

Let's take a look at what TSMC had to say.

How's 16-nanometer progressing?

TSMC's current leading-edge manufacturing processes are the family of technologies under the "16-nanometer" umbrella. TSMC has two main technologies here: 16-nanometer FinFET+ for higher performance applications and 16FFC for cost-sensitive and very low-power (i.e., Internet of Things) applications.

According to TSMC co-CEO C.C. Wei, the company's 16-nanometer technology continues to ramp with both yield and cycle time (the time it takes for a wafer to go from start to finish) "better than [TSMC's] target."

"Applications in mobile processors, cellular baseband, video game player, PC graphics will contribute significantly to our 16-nanometer shipment[s] this year," Wei said.

Wei also said that this year, the company would start to ship products including Ethernet switches, CPUs, network processors, programmable logic devices, as well as other chips this year.

All told, Wei claims that 16-nanometer will make up more than 20% of the company's wafer revenue in 2016.

InFO packaging technology update

TSMC is expected to go into mass production on a new chip packaging technology that it refers to as "Integrated Fan Out" or InFO this quarter. It is expected that the first product using this technology will be the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 chip that will presumably power the iPhone 7/7 Plus.

"Compared to the conventional package, TSMC InFO has advantage in form factor, such as smaller area and a similar thickness," Wei said. He also claims that power consumption of the chip can be reduced by "as much as 20%."

Wei also went on to explain that using InFO, chip designers can integrate multiple chips into a single package (reducing board footprint) while also bringing down chip costs.

10-nanometer and 7-nanometer technologies

TSMC also provided updates on its 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer technologies. The company says that it has already received its first 10-nanometer product tape-out (i.e., a completed design) from a customer, with more tape-outs expected to occur in the "following quarters."

The company says that the majority of the 10-nanometer tape-outs that it's seeing are coming from mobile-focused customers, with the implication that it will be the upcoming 7-nanometer technology that is broadly adopted across various market segments.

These product tape-outs, per TSMC co-CEO Mark Liu, will "drive a sizable demand starting from [the second quarter of] 2017 through 2018."

It's notable that the company has yet to announce that it has commenced "risk production" on its 10-nanometer technology.

Beyond that, TSMC says that its 7-nanometer technology development is "well on track." Liu describes it as a "further extension" of the company's 10-nanometer node, with "more than 60% in logic density gain" as well as between 30% and 40% lower power.

The company expects to see 15 customer tape-outs on the 7-nanometer technology in 2017, with volume production beginning in the first half of 2018.

What does this mean for investors?

It's pretty clear that the breadth and depth of TSMC's process offerings is impressive and that it will be very difficult for other foundries to keep pace. I believe this should allow TSMC to maintain robust gross profit margins in the 50% range out in time with revenue growth outpacing that of the broader semiconductor and foundry markets. The Fair Value Of Apple The purpose of our article to use valuation techniques to value Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Apple is an unique valuation case because Apple's P/E ratio, 11.69, is well below the S&P 500's P/E, 22.67. In addition, Apple's dividend yield is around 2% which is greater than the rate from a ten year Treasury note. From this analysis alone it appears as if Apple is a great investment. We assume an investor would rather invest in Apple and earn 2% over the next 10 years rather than the US government at a similar rate. However, we need to get deeper to understand whether the current valuation of $109 per share is grossly undervalued or appropriate.

We start with our assumptions that go into both the DCF and comparables model. Our main assumptions for the discounted cash flow are in regard to the projected financials. We assume that the operating expense to revenue ratio is 10% which is the historical average. We project the balance sheet out by assuming that the asset to revenue and liability to revenue ratio for the projected years is the same as the 2015 year.

Table 1: Assumptions

In regard to the comparables use Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Sony (NYSE:SNE) as comparable companies.

The cost of capital is determined using a CAPM model with a size and firm-specific risk premium to calculate the cost of equity and a proprietary credit model to calculate the cost of debt. Our credit rating for Apple is AA+. The levered beta is 0.96. Putting this together we arrive at a cost of capital of 15.52%.

One of the most important assumptions is the revenue growth rate. Over the past four years Apple's growth rate has been variable, reaching a high of 44.58% in 2012 and a low of 6.95% in 2014.

Figure 1: Apple's Revenue Growth Rate

For the DCF, let's assume the revenue growth rate for the projection period, 2016-2020, is an average of the last three years. This results in an average revenue growth of 15% per year. Then assume in perpetuity, revenue will grow at the 2014 rate, 6.95%. In the comparables model we back out an implied expected ten year growth rate from the comparable company's stock price and financials. The growth rate calculated is 7.85%. We use the 7.85% number in our comparables analysis.

Table 2: Apple's Fair Value Stock Price

The stock price calculated, $115.34, is very similar to the actual stock price trading on April 12, 2016, of $109. In addition, we find that both methods result in a similar value. Therefore, our results indicate that the market is currently valuing Apple around its fair value.

Next we look at different growth rate scenarios. We keep everything the same for both the DCF and comparables but change our growth rate assumption. Table 4 displays the different revenue growth rate scenarios. These growth rates are for the projection period and terminal value calculation.

Table 3: Revenue Growth Scenarios

We can see that when revenue growth hits 10% or more the valuation of Apple can increase dramatically. Is it possible for Apple to increase revenue further?

We believe it is. Since the iPhone has been launched in 2007 revenue growth has averaged slightly over 30%. If we assume Apple's long-term growth rate will be 10%, one third of its growth rate since 2007, Apple's stock price is 30% under-valued.

Let us go over some DCF scenarios.

Table 4: DCF Revenue Growth Scenarios

Let us assume Apple earns a 30% revenue growth rate for the next five years and then in perpetuity earns a modest 5% growth rate. In this scenario we obtain a $145 per share stock price.

If we assume Apple earns a 15% revenue growth rate for five years and then 8% in perpetuity we obtain a $138 per share stock price.

The tax rate is important. We do not really know what their actual tax rate is. If the tax rate is as low as 10%, a 10% long-term revenue growth rate yields a $177 per share stock price. Also, a 10% revenue growth for next five years and a 2% perpetuity growth rate, the inflation rate, yields an $80 per share stock price. That is 60% upside versus 27% downside. We are willing to bet that Apple's revenue growth rate will be greater than 2% in perpetuity.

Apple has the ecosystem and following to create additional revenue through services. In addition, there is a lot of room to grow globally. Countries such as India and Russia are untapped markets.

Now assume, as many critics do, that Apple will become mature to the point where it has not real growth. Many dominant companies, such as Microsoft, reach a point where no more growth is possible. If this occurs sooner rather than later, then we need to look at different perpetuity growth rates. Let us assume that Apple's revenue growth starts at 30% for 2016 and declines by 5% per year until 2020 and then Apple grows at the 2% expected inflation rate. Therefore, Apple grows for five more years and then becomes a no real growth company. The stock price in this scenario, with a 10% tax rate, is $106.39. Essentially the stock price at which Apple is trading at as of April 2016. Assuming a more realistic tax rate, the market is expecting Apple to become a no-growth company in the next five years. If we use the same growth rates but the stated 25% effective tax rate, the stock price value we calculate is $80.

The bad case scenario yields a 30% negative return. We believe the probability of a bad case scenario is small. As of today, Apple's stock price is trading at very modest growth expectations. The market does not believe Apple will create amazing growth for the future. If Apple can slightly exceed modest growth expectations, we believe the stock price can increase 50% in the following year from beating those expectations. The probability of modest growth or slightly beating expectations is much greater than any other scenario. Therefore, we agree that Apple stock is a good buy at the current price. Apple Is Fairly Priced  Examining Apple's Dividend Strategy Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) board is expected to authorize an increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend later this month in conjunction with 2Q16 earnings. Ahead of this event, I examined Apple's dividend strategy. All signs point to Apple relying on a stable dividend policy in which dividend expense follows an existing long-term growth trajectory rather than near-term earnings volatility. By finding this dividend growth trajectory, it is possible to for look subtle shifts in trajectory going forward. These shifts will provide clues as to how management views long-term business prospects and profit opportunities.

Dividend Growth

To find Apple's future dividend growth trajectory, we must first take a look at the company's historical dividend growth rate. After a 17-year hiatus, Apple reinitiated its quarterly cash dividend in 2012. Since that time, Apple has paid out $42 billion ($6.84 per share) of dividends while the share price increased approximately $26. Accordingly, the dividend has been responsible for approximately 20% of an AAPL shareholder's total return.

Apple has increased its quarterly cash dividend annually beginning in 2012:

2012: $0.38

2013: $0.44

2014: $0.47

2015: $0.52

In order to calculate Apple's historical dividend growth rate year-over-year, we take quarterly cash dividends per share and convert them into an annual total, keeping in mind that Apple increases the quarterly dividend midway through its fiscal year:

2013: $1.64

2014: $1.82

2015: $1.98

We can now calculate the year-over-year growth rate for total dividends per share paid on an annual basis:

2014: 11%

2015: 9%

Apple discloses in its financial filings that it intends to increase the quarterly dividend annually. It would appear from looking at 2014 and 2015 growth trends that Apple management is on a trajectory in which it will increase its quarterly dividend by approximately 10% each year. However, there is more to the story.

Apple's share buyback is playing a significant role in defraying the total cost of these 10% dividend increases. As Apple buys back its shares, the number of shares outstanding is reduced. This leads to Apple paying out fewer dividends, all else equal. As long as Apple buys back shares, management will continue to have greater leverage when it comes to raising the quarterly cash dividend. Said another way, current shareholders are seeing an indirect benefit from the share buyback by receiving higher dividend payments per share.

To see how share buybacks have made it cheaper for Apple to pay higher cash dividends per share, consider the amount Apple spends on cash dividends annually:

2013: $10.6B

2014: $11.2B

2015: $11.6B

Since these totals exclude the impact from share counts, we can calculate the growth rate in Apple's annual dividend expense:

2014: 6%

2015: 4%

Even though the Apple board has been increasing the quarterly cash dividend by approximately 10% over the past two years, the total growth in Apple's dividend expense has actually been only approximately 5% per year. The reduction is due to a lower share count produced by Apple's share buyback. We can now use this 5% dividend expense growth rate as the base line when plotting Apple's future dividend growth trajectory. However, we first need to measure Apple dividend sustainability.

Dividend Sustainability

In order to judge how sustainable it is for Apple to increase its dividend expense by 5% each year, we need to look at Apple's dividend payout ratio. As the name implies, a dividend payout ratio shows the percentage of a company's total net income that is paid to shareholders in the form of cash dividends.

Apple's dividend payout ratio (dividends / net income) has been trending down:

2013: 29%

2014: 28%

2015: 21%

The declining dividend payout ratio is a sign of improving dividend sustainability because it suggests Apple has remained conservative with its dividend growth policy even in the face of strong earnings growth. When compared to industry averages, Apple's 21% dividend payout ratio is only marginally higher. This is a byproduct of Apple following a stable dividend policy in which the company strives to maintain a certain level of consistency when it comes to dividend expense growth. Even though Apple saw a boost in earnings in 2014 and 2015, management will likely follow its existing strategy of running with a modest 5% increase in dividend expense. There are a few reasons to do this with the main one being that investors value predictability. Apple avoids having to make sudden dividend swings in the future, including cutting the dividend when earnings slow.

The primary takeaway is that future Apple cash dividends will not be determined solely by the company's earnings. Instead, Apple dividends will be based on a stable growth policy in which management targets a consistent dividend growth rate that does not follow the cyclical nature of its business. By selecting a dividend that appears to be well within their capability of paying, management is indicating they are comfortable increasing their dividend expense by 5% each year. Going forward, management can use the dividend payout ratio as a periodic check to make sure that the company is not playing it too safe with its dividend or vice versa, putting itself in financial distress.

Charting Apple's Dividend Trajectory

Since we now have a sustainable, dividend expense growth rate in hand, it is time to plot Apple's future dividend trajectory. We assume Apple maintains its 5% growth rate in dividend expense going forward (represented by the blue line in Exhibits 1 and 2) because of Apple's stable growth dividend policy. In addition, two other dividend expense growth scenarios are plotted in Exhibits 1 and 2, including a more robust 10% growth trajectory (green line) and a weaker 2% growth trajectory (red line).

Exhibit 1: Apple Dividend Expense Trajectory ($ billions) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Falls On Report About iPhone Order Cuts Apple stock dropped sharply today after reports that the iPhone maker has cut iPhone orders yet again. It seems the iPhone 6s lineup is the one Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) would like to forget as this has been a recurring theme since it was unveiled this past fall. This at least the third time we re hearing of a production cut for the iPhone 6s lineup.

AAPL extends lower iPhone order

Nikkei reports that Asian parts suppliers were told that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to continue its plan of lower iPhone production during the April to June quarter because of slow sales. The company has been adjusting its inventories since the iPhone 6s lineup came out in October as more and more reports suggested that sales have not been going well.

According to Nikkei, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) cut iPhone production for the January to March quarter by approximately 30% compared to last year s first calendar quarter. The website also reports that the production cut may go on longer than the one we saw in 2013, which was the last time iPhone sales struggled. Apple unveiled the new lower priced iPhone SE recently, but apparently it doesn t plan to produce large volumes of the smaller mid-range handset. We heard reports previously that Apple wasn t planning for a huge response to the iPhone SE, so Nikkei s report today supports that.

The website also reports that if Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) launches the iPhone 7 lineup earlier than possible, then suppliers could start producing parts for it late next month.

Apple stock slumps even though iPhone sales were expected to slow

Shares of Apple stock dipped 1.91% to $109.95 following the report from Nikkei. However, as 9to5 Mac notes, the company tried to prepare investors for slow iPhone sales. Management said earlier this year that they should expect sales of the company s smartphones to stall for several reasons. For one thing, global growth in smartphone sales in general is beginning to slow. Also many fans may be holding out for the iPhone 7, and it s not uncommon for the  S  model years to not do as well as the regular numbered years.

Analysts have been debating for some time about whether iPhone sales declined or just grew more slowly during the March quarter. We ll find out later this month when the company releases its next earnings report and get some clues about what to expect for the June quarter. Management usually releases a revenue guide, so that should give us some idea about how iPhone sales are going.

Reports have suggested that the iPhone SE isn t going over so well, at least in some parts of the world. China, however, seems to have been happily gobbling up the mid-range iPhone, signaling that the device might do better in developing markets rather than the U.S.

Will the iPhone 7 do better?

Analysts and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) itself have emphasized that there is still plenty of opportunity in upgrades as a large percentage of iPhone users are still using one of the older models (iPhone 6 or older). The tech community has a habit of building up expectations for the next flagship model, and this year is no different. Among the rumors we ve been hearing is that the iPhone 7 may have a Smart Connector, which the iPad Pro already has. It connects smart keyboards to tablets, so it seems a bit odd that the iPhone 7 would have one, but if it does, then Apple might be planning something big in the area of smartphone keyboards.

Another persistent iPhone 7 rumor is that the device will have a dual camera system, and this is one rumor that just isn t losing steam. It s looking more and more likely that this rumor is true, but if it isn t, then it could be a huge letdown not only for fans but also investors, who might reflect their discontent in Apple stock by selling. A lot s at stake with the iPhone 7 because it s coming the year after an exceptionally weak year for iPhone sales. Apple Inc is teaming up with app and game developers to make people care about ... Apple s recent efforts to trumpet its green initiatives have largely been about supply chain and manufacturing, but on Thursday the company unveiled a splashy new initiative aimed at its millions of customers.

The company is rolling out  Apps for Earth,  in which the App Store will, for 10 days, feature 27 popular apps   including Angry Birds 2, Jurassic World: The Game, and SimCity BuildIt   that have added new environmental content for Earth Day.

Money spent buying one of these 27 apps, or making purchases within them, will then support the World Wildlife Fund, to help advance its climate and environmental initiatives. And given the size of the App store itself   which has many million users across 155 countries   and the huge reach of some of the apps (Angry Birds II has been downloaded 85 million times, for instance), it just might just be one of the corporate world s farthest-reaching green initiatives.

Related

Apple, the world s largest company by market capitalization, has been unveiling a series of high-profile green initiatives. In October, for instance, the company announced new solar energy plans in China. In March at the company s latest special event, Lisa Jackson, former EPA director and now Apple s vice president for environment, policy, and social initiatives, announced 93 percent of the company s global facilities are powered by renewable energy.

But at a time when it s hard to make people pay attention to the environment, Apple is in effect creating a gigantic new megaphone.

In an interview with the Post, Apple s Jackson said the company is serious about extending its green initiatives in new directions.

 This is yet another example of our work to help the planet, and it addresses something we hear a lot of from our customers,  said Jackson.  They love the work Apple is doing as a company, but they want to be engaged in this mission of leaving the planet better than we found it. 

 This is really our first big step into engaging customers in our mission,  Jackson continued. And it has already drawn major attention:

 Elevating these issues on a global scale through an unprecedented platform like this is huge,  added Carter Roberts, President and CEO of the World Wildlife Fund. WWF s own app will be one of the 27 featured, and the conservation group will receive the donations that result from Apps for Earth and invest them in conserving forests, oceans, freshwater, endangered species, and fighting climate change.

The initiative runs from April 14 through April 24. Earth Day is April 22.

Several major app developers who are participating in the program said that an environmental initiative on this scale is relatively new to them, but fits their values and that they re thrilled to take part.

 It s kind of in our DNA to do this,  said Patrick Liu, general manager for Rovio s Stockholm Studio and creative director for the popular app Angry Birds 2. Liu said that as part of  Apps for Earth,  Angry Birds 2 will add a new level that highlights the importance of ocean conservation.

 We have a special level, that s made specifically for this campaign, we re going to see the birds kind of saving the oceans from the naughty pigs,  Liu said.  We also have a special power-up made, it s almost like revenge of the fish, where we kind of liberate the fish from the nets, and they re going to fight back. 

Players won t have to go to the App store to see this   it will upload automatically to their game. They will then receive environmental messages, and in app purchases will then go to WWF.  The extent of this initiative is pretty new I would say,  said Liu.

And then there s EA s SimCity BuildIt, which since launching has garnered 64 million players, each of whom is a  mayor  who designs and builds a city. As part of  Apps for Earth,  players will now be able to add natural environmental features to their cities   planting a huge forest within the city itself, installing a coral reef offshore and creating a nearby habitat to protect pandas, gorillas, or even snow leopards.

 Now they can really create a big forest to their city, and bring back the trees,  says Inka Vikman, a senior producer for the game, which is made by EA.  And the game code creates a unique forest batch for you. There s over 12,000 variations of the forest, what it s going to look like. 

Some of these features will only be available in the game for the next 10 days; in addition, players will be able to buy an  Apps for Earth  pack, with the proceeds going to WWF.

The environmental messages will also be hard to miss.  We re going to communicate this to the players with push notes, in-game messages, and trailers,  says Vikman.

With yet another participating game, Jurassic World: The Game, something similar will happen. Players purchase card packs as they build their park in the game, explains Alex Thabet, the founder and CEO of Ludia (which designed the game). These cards provide them with an array of possible buildings and structures, and the game is adding three new packs that will contain options like a wind turbine or solar greenhouse, as well as two new dinosaurs that can only be gotten by purchasing the WWF card pack.

The proceeds then, again, go to WWF.  Micro transactions is an easy way for us to transfer into micro donations,  says Thabet.

Other well-known apps participating in  Apps for Earth  include Candy Crush Soda Saga, Map my Run+, and Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes.

And according to Apple s Jackson, this initiative may be only the first way that Apple prompts its vast number of customers to be greener.  We don t know what seeds we re planting here,  she said.  We hope that this is more than just the campaign, the 14ththrough til Earth Day, but that what happens after this is just as important.  
2016-03-24
Broadcom Ltd. Signs 3-Year Apple Inc. Supply Deal Analyst Amit Daryanani published a research note (via Barron's) in which he points out that chip maker Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) recently signed a three-year agreement with smartphone giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for the supply of "RF components and modules."

This deal, Daryanani says, should be a "positive" for investors in the chipmaker. Let's take a closer look at the reasoning behind this conclusion.

Cutting to the chase

On Broadcom's earnings calls (and formerly Avago's), management had expressed significant confidence around its ability to gain content share in Apple's latest smartphones. As Apple increases the wireless capabilities of its iPhones, Broadcom's RF content (through its "Classic Avago" business) should continue to improve.

Separately, Broadcom's "Classic Broadcom" business, which has typically supplied Apple with mobile Wi-Fi chips, should also benefit as Apple increases the Wi-Fi capabilities of its phones each year as well.

What the news of this agreement tells us is that, as long as Avago can deliver products to Apple on time and in the right quantities, it seems to have this business locked down.

"We think FBAR revenues as AVGO should sustain 20%+ growth over the next 2-3 years agnostic to [iPhone] unit growth/decline," the analyst writes.

Digging deeper into the implications

The analysts also say they spoke with Broadcom's management, presumably to get additional clarity around this deal, and came to four key takeaways.

The first is that Broadcom now has a "clear roadmap on their share within RF bands," which "takes away any noise around share loss until theoretical iPhone 8S." The next is that Broadcom now has "clarity to ramp production and commit manufacturing capacity for FBAR filters."

Beyond that, the analysts say this deal "locks in certain pricing schedules that [aren't] volume centric" and should make it "difficult for peers like Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM)/TDK, Qorvo (NASDAQ:QRVO), and Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS)" to gain share from Apple at Avago's expense.

The analysts do point out some potential negatives here, though.

First, they note that the pricing schedule here isn't dependent on volume, "so the ability to use pricing to offset volume concerns doesn't exist." In other words, if Apple sees demand come in materially weaker than it expects, Avago presumably winds up seeing a margin-per-unit decline as under-utilized manufacturing facilities raise the effective cost per unit.

The next is that the agreement apparently says "Apple intends, but is not required, to source fixed and substantial percentages of its RF front end component and module needs from [Broadcom]." This intention is "provided that [Broadcom is] able to meet certain development, supply, and quality commitments."

Thirdly, the analyst thinks this agreement "reduces [Broadcom's] ability to "pivot content to other smartphone manufacturers." As the analyst points out, what if, say, Xiaomi or some other smartphone vendor starts taking high-end share away from Apple?

Finally, the analyst says this contract "reduces the incremental profit contribution from RF sales." In other words, since Apple buys these RF components in very high volumes, it probably commands materially lower revenue per unit compared to sales to another vendor.

As long as Avago can deliver, and iPhone sales don't fall off a cliff, shareholders rejoice

Apple drives its suppliers hard and tends to have quite a lot of power over said suppliers because of the sheer volumes it brings to the table. As long as Broadcom can deliver for Apple, and as long as Apple provides generally accurate demand forecasts to Broadcom, I agree that this deal is a "win" for the chip maker.

Broadcom's execution has traditionally been quite strong, so shareholders probably shouldn't worry too much about that. The big variable here will ultimately be the trend in unit demand for iPhones in the coming years. That being said, as the analyst points out, Broadcom should grow its content share so revenue growth can be achieved independently of fluctuations in unit demand. Apple Inc is protecting your privacy? No, it's putting itself above the law It seems Americans trust their tech companies   led by Apple Inc.   to protect their privacy.

They shouldn t.

This trust factor showed up in a recent poll taken following the highly publicized legal battle between Apple and the U.S. Justice Department began.

Justice officials asked Apple to de-encrypt an iPhone used by a terrorist. Apple has refused to do so, becoming a Silicon Valley hero, billing itself as a defender of the private sector and privacy.

The tussle ended, perhaps temporarily, when Justice officials announced this week that a hacker has approached them who knows how to de-encrypt the phone.

I hope it works because it would serve Apple right. The company s stance was not heroic, it was commercial based on marketing promises that its phones were secure and no one could ever get into one.

Now Apple not only looks like a bad corporate citizen for balking at helping a terrorist investigation, but its brand will be harmed after the phone is hacked.

Related

The best solution would have been a compromise: Apple should have made a deal with Justice in the face of evidence of wrongdoing and the government could have avoided hiring someone to do something  illegal .

Most people would agree that public interest trumps commercial or privacy concerns, especially involving terrorism. I m sure a poll would show that Apple s customers are more frightened of terrorist mayhem than of getting hacked by some identity thief or the NSA.

In essence, Apple has put itself   and its profits   above the law.

Such a position, by the way, is nothing new in Silicon Valley. Big Tech is as powerful and arrogant as Big Oil. This is because they are collectively more influential and richer than most nation-states. The big four   Apple, Alphabet/Google, Amazon and Facebook have a combined market capitalization value of US$1.68 trillion. And unlike Big Oil or Big Pharma or Big Banks, they are more self-righteous even though they have not exactly been exemplary corporate citizens.

Lest we forget, Google took the media s content without paying for it then took all the advertisers without sharing the profits. This has created a gaping hole in the Fourth Estate that continues continues to widen, leaving democracies and the public short-changed in terms of coverage, fact checking and political accountability.

Big Tech is as powerful and arrogant as Big Oil.

Only one media mogul, Rupert Murdoch, sued over this, but they all should have and now it s too late.

Big Tech has also been as aggressive and rapacious as other sectors. It has shopped the world for workers, suppliers and tax breaks. It gives enormous campaign contributions. It employs armies of lobbyists and lawyers to fight anti-competitive practices and taxation.

Apple, and others, outsourced manufacturing to a Taiwanese company that exploited millions of Chinese workers. Sometimes, suicide nets were strung around worker dormitories after dozens threw themselves off rooftops because of working conditions and pay scales. Now the company is robotizing its factories to phase out human workers.

Others   like Silicon Valley darlings Uber and AirBnb   have flouted laws, regulations, licensing requirements, taxes, insurance requirements in order to provide services that pose a risk to public safety.

Both have become embroiled in battles around the world over injuries, damages and legalities. Uber should only deal with licensed and trained drivers and Airbnb should pay hotel taxes, accept liability for damages or violence and be responsible for screening both renters and rentees.

Instead, Big Tech remains steadfastly stubborn and self-righteous. Yes, they are smart; yes, they are successful; yes, they are improving the world. But they re creating socio-economic problems for which they will be unwilling to compensate society.

The biggest issue will occur when automation, robots and Artificial Intelligence begin to destroy or degrade at least half of the jobs in the economy. Will Big Tech compensate and retrain workers? Will politicians on their payroll demand this?

The Apple controversy is a peek into this Brave New World. It s downright shocking that a company would refuse to cooperate with law-enforcement officials. But given Big Tech s attitude it shouldn t surprise.

dfrancis@nationalpost.com Apple Inc. (AAPL)'s IPO   An 'Orderly' Debut Apple Inc. (AAPL) s IPO   An  Orderly  Debut by Brian Langis

One of my most popular article to date on Seeking Alpha. It s was a top trending article for two day and it has received a lot of good comments. I m proud of the achievement but again any article on Apple, Facebook, Google, or the cool stock of the moment will get you trending. It s great, but it also goes against what Seeking Alpha is about, which is shining a light on companies with limited or no coverage. SA still serves that purpose and it s great for that, but it s still hard to get attention sometimes on little unknown companies. Apple has so many analysts so I m not sure why people bother writing articles about it on SA. There are so many companies that are bargains but nobody has never heard of them.

Anyway here s a preview of my article on Apple s IPO. The full article is free on SA. I suggest you go read the comments. There s a lot of good stuff there. It s almost like a trip down memory lane for so many people.

Enjoy!

Apple Computer s IPO

Summary

Apple was a 205-bagger from 1990 to today (3-17-2016), without calculating dividends.

But you needed an 80% loss twice in order to get it.

Not your classic buy and hold fairy tale.

I m a big fan of history and business. Combine both of them and you have quite a passion. While reading on what makes companies into multi-baggers, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) came up. I started researching old documents on Apple Inc. which eventually led to the IPO. I wanted to know, what at the time, made Apple a multi-bagger. Multi-bagger is a term popularized by Peter Lynch, author of One Up on Wall-Street and a manager at the Magellan Fundat Fidelity Investments from 1977 to 1990. Peter Lynch often uses the term  10-bagger,  which is when a stock goes up 10 times in value. I hope I m not shocking anyone by stating the fact that Apple qualifies as a multi-bagger. Actually Apple is a multi, multi-bagger. My research led me to the Apple IPO, which was pretty interesting itself. So I decided to make an article out of it to share some of my research and findings. I might write an article on multi-bagger companies later. At today s price of $105, Apple is a 205-bagger plus from 1990 to today, without dividends. For those who observed Apple s share price from outside, the stock performance seemed to be an unbeatable machine. However, a closer look would reveal that it wasn t always a fantastic engine.

In 1977, Apple Computer (now known as Apple, Inc.) was a very different company and Steve Jobs was a very different entrepreneur. Apple had its IPO in 1980 which I review in detail below. By looking at Apple s stock price today, around ~$105 post-split, investing in Apple at the beginning would have looked like a no-brainer. You always hear people saying that if they bought Company X when it first came out, they would have been multi-millionaires today. The real story for early Apple investors, however, wasn t all sunshine and rainbows. This is not your classic  buy and hold  fairy tale. If you would have bought Apple at the beginning and held on to it, you would have been clinically depressed for a good part of your life, unless you get joy out of pain. I did open my article by mentioning that Apple is a multi-bagger, but you needed an 80% loss twice in order to get it.

First, let s start with the IPO then I will walk you through the performance history.

The Successful IPO

*Price per share mentioned are pre-splits numbers unless mentioned otherwise.

Source: Clipping from The New-York Times, December 15, 1980   By Vartanig G. Vartan   Business   Print Headline:  New Stocks Drawing Intense Investor Interest 

I like how the clipping above had to mention that Apple was a Californian company that makes personal computers. For part of the research, I have to thank the Computer History Museum and The New York Times archives for my research. The Computer History Museum has two special documents from Apple Computer during the early days of personal computing. The first is thePreliminary Confidential Offering Memorandum   a document supporting a private placement of funds for Apple before the IPO. The document also contains the product and marketing plan. Computer History Museum CEO John Hollar noted the plan also  goes to great lengths to explain why anyone would even want a personal computer (e.g., forecasting eight reasons  that indeed, by 1985, a household using a computer will have significant advantages over one that doesn t ), and that every single competitor listed is no longer in the PC business.  And if you are really interested, the second document is thePreliminary Macintosh Business Plan, which is post-IPO.

Source: Apple s Preliminary Confidential Offering Memorandum

Apple Computer Inc., now renamed Apple Inc., had its IPO (prospectus) more than thirty-five years ago, on December 12, 1980, with 4.6 million shares priced at $22 ($0.39 a share post-split). Since then the stock has split four times, including three 2-for-1 splits (1987, 2000, 2005) and recently one 7-for-1 split (2014). That means your 100 shares would have multiplied into 5,600 shares today, or 56 times your original holding. Apple raised $101 million. Apple sold 7.4% of the company of the 54.2 million shares outstanding at the time. On that day, the Dow soared 21.59 points to 958.79, staging its biggest one-day rally since spring 1980. The Dow jumped because of a surprise half-point reduction in the prime rate by Wells Fargo to 20.5%! (Yes, you read that correctly, interest rates were extremely high back then, don t ever forget that it could happen again).

During fiscal year 1980, Apple had sales of $118 million, up from 774k in 1977. Earnings also came at $11.7 million, or EPS of $0.24, compared with $41,575 or EPS of $0.01 in 1977. Now, think of how much Apple makes every minute. In 2015, Apple had sales of $233.7 billion and $53 billion in net income. Apple had a second offering of 2.6 million shares that quickly sold out in May 1981.

I found old news clipping below from The New York Times archives on Apple s IPO.

Source:The New York Times, December 13, 1980. First Business Page, Part 1.

Source:The New York Times, December 13, 1980. Page 3 of the Business Page, Part 2.

Source: The New-York Times, Business Digest, Saturday, December 13, 1980.

As the article states, the IPO was a major success. The shares jumped immediately to $29, peaked at $29.25, and closed at $28.75. The offering happened to 
2016-07-14
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 Leak Reveals Upgrade 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 Leak Reveals Upgrade





Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 Leak Reveals Upgrade

7-14-2016

The next generation Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone may in fact reveal a substantial upgrade. Forbes revealed that Steve Hemmerstoffer (aka @OnLeaks) of Nowhereelse.fr posted a tweet yesterday evening and this normally reliable source has some good news for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ) bulls. According to Hemmerstoffer the iPhone 7 leak reveals not a magical technology upgrade, OLED screen or reversible screen, but rather perhaps the one thing every smartphone user actually wants -- longer battery life.Before the cynics can roll their eyes at the leak, the Apple Inc iPhone 7 battery upgrade in context is actually not trivial. First, the new Apple Inc iPhone 7 will have the faster A10 chip. While speed is great, it also means more battery usage. With smartphone users already complaining about the Samsung Galaxy and Apple Inc iPhone battery lives, a faster chip in the iPhone 7 could have been a backwards step for Apple Inc if it meant a less useful iPhone.Through his Twitter account, he reveals that the iPhone 7 battery upgrade would increase from 1715 milliampere hours (mAh) to 1960mAh, which is a 14.3% upgrade. The Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 leak surrounding the battery upgrade is likely going to come from more space in the iPhone 7, and that reveals that the rumor of the removal of the iPhone 7 headphone jack may in fact be true.Here's a two chart comparing Apple Inc versus the NASDAQ 100.We can see the substantial underperformance by AAPL. The next iPhone cycle is the hope for the bulls that a turnaround is near. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Trading Outlook Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Trading Outlook

APPLE INC closed down -0.550 at 96.870. Volume was 100% below average (consolidating) and Bollinger Bands were 55% narrower than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

97.410 97.670 96.840 96.870 116,127

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bearish

Long Term: Bearish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 96.03 95.94 104.29

Volatility: 12 22 31

Volume: 25,917,836 36,408,520 42,743,676

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC is currently 7.1% below its 200-period moving average and is in an downward trend. Volatility is relatively normal as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of AAPL.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bearish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 11 periods.

APPLE Momentum

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 79.5168. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 52.77. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a buy 40 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 96. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 6 period(s) ago.

Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp. Ireland Remains in the Dark on Size of Any Apple Tax Repayment Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan says the European Commission has offered no clues of the scale of any repayment order that may be imposed on Apple Inc. over the iPhone maker s tax arrangements in Ireland.

Noonan met with EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager in Brussels this week to discuss her probe into Ireland, and was told a decision may come in September or October.

 We ve no indication which way it s going to go yet,  Noonan told reporters in Dublin on Thursday.  We ll get information in due course and then we ll see. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Ireland continues to brace for an adverse finding following the meeting with Vestager, a person with knowledge of the matter said. Ireland will appeal any repayment decision, no matter how much Apple must repay, the person said, who declined to comment because the process is still ongoing. The EU opened the Apple probe in 2014, and, in preliminary findings, said its tax arrangements were improperly designed to give the company a financial boost in exchange for jobs in Ireland.

Apple told a European Parliament panel earlier this year that it has  paid every cent of tax that is due in Ireland. 

In a worst-case scenario, Apple may face a $19 billion bill if the government ultimately loses and is forced to recoup tax from the company, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Rod Hall. Matt Larson of Bloomberg Intelligence puts the figure at more than $8 billion.

Brussels lawyers speculate that the final amount could be much less, in the hundreds of millions range -- large enough to send a message to companies like Apple and the countries that dole out tax breaks, but not too large to risk creating havoc in case the decisions get overturned in the EU courts. 
2016-03-28
Apple Inc. Won't Declare Cloud Independence Anytime Soon Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google recently landed Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) as a cloud platform customer, dealing a nasty blow to its other two cloud providers, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT).

While Apple won't stop using Amazon's AWS (Amazon Web Services) altogether, CRN estimates that its annual payments of about $1 billion to Amazon might be cut in half, while Microsoft might also lose an uncertain amount of cloud revenue.

While the deal represented a victory for Google over Amazon and Microsoft, it also raised an interesting question -- why doesn't Apple, the world's most valuable tech company, simply build its own cloud platform to decrease its dependence on rival tech giants? Amir Efrati and Steve Nellis at The Information recently looked into that issue, but concluded that it could take "years" for Apple to catch up.

How did Apple fall behind?

Efrati and Ellis believe that it isn't money holding Apple back; it's the fact that the iCloud stores so many exabytes of data that "there is no ready-made software on the market that is adequate to handle it." While Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and Facebook spent years developing custom hardware and software to address their own cloud storage needs, Apple relied on third-party platforms like AWS and Microsoft's Azure.

Apple has already taken steps toward declaring cloud independence by opening three data centers over the next two years in Arizona, Ireland, and Denmark. Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty estimates that once all three facilities open, they'll provide about 2.5 million square feet of data center space of iCloud, iTunes, and other services. That would make it a substantial cloud platform player, considering that AWS had 6.7 million square feet of capacity at the end of last year.

But as Efrati and Ellis noted, the problem isn't just data center capacity, but custom software, which hasn't been Apple's strong suit in recent years. Various bugs in iOS updates, problems with first-party apps, cloud security issues, and iOS malware attacks have all marred Apple's reputation. Walt Mossberg recently wrote in The Verge that the "gradual degradation in the quality and reliability of Apple's core apps" seemingly indicate that Apple had "taken its eye off the ball" as "it pursues big new dreams like smartwatches and cars." Apple might simply buy and absorb more experienced cloud software companies to get its act together, but those quality control issues could get worse as its cloud business expands.

A three-year plan

Apple estimates that factoring in the fees it now pays Amazon, Google, and Microsoft, it can break even with its own data centers in "about three years," according to sources cited by Re/code. In addition to saving cash, it would free itself from awkward partnerships with companies which are direct competitors in certain markets.

But a lot could change over the next three years. Apple's biggest source of revenue, the iPhone, could start fading as global demand peaks. If the iPhone's market share declines and the iPad doesn't pull out of its current slide, Apple's share of the mobile market could fall and cause the company to question the logic of building its own cloud platform. Moreover, the pricing war between Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and others is already dramatically reducing the cost of cloud storage.

Therefore, it might simply be cheaper to stick with its three providers, have them battle it out over pricing, and reap the benefits. However, building a first-party cloud ecosystem might make sense if Apple plans to aggressively expand into new markets like smart homes, augmented reality, and connected cars.

What does this mean for Apple's future?

I believe that Apple's strategy for declaring cloud independence indicates that the company is confident in three things. First, it likely believes that demand for its future hardware products will remain strong enough to drive an increased flow of iCloud data. Second, it probably thinks that its current software problems won't be amplified when it develops its own custom software. Lastly, it thinks that the cost of building its own data centers and developing custom software won't exceed the cost of paying other cloud providers over the long term, despite the fact that prices are plunging.

It's impossible to tell whether or not those three things will happen, but one thing is clear -- Apple currently stands at a technological crossroads, where it must decide between bulking up into a software superpower or playing it safe by paying its rivals. Inside Apple Inc's Weird Choice for Original Content So far, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) strategy to drive new subscribers to Apple Music can be more or less boiled down to a single point: original content. And as the massive shifts within the music industry continues to unfold, Apple recently inked another original content deal with none other than Vice Media.

Vice Media comes to Apple Music

Recently, news broke that Apple and Canadian-American media outlet Vice Media had reached a deal to make Vice's documentary series, The Score, available exclusively through Apple Media.

The six-episode series will purportedly delve into some of the most far-flung and interesting music scenes in the world. The first episode chronicles members of the fledgling hip-hop scene among the Ojibwe Native American tribe in Minnesota.

This move largely mimics Apple's other recent original content moves. In addition to The Score, it was earlier reported that Apple had financed the music video for Drake's Hotling Bling single, and Taylor Swift's 1989 documentary, which follows the pop star while on tour.

Crucially, Apple required both content pieces remain exclusively, at least for a certain length of time, on Apple Music, as part of its financing agreements. Likewise, The Score is only available for Apple Music subscribers.

Additionally, word surfaced last month that Apple is also quietly developing its first original TV series with hip hop legend and Apple executive Dr. Dre under the working title Vital Signs. In sum, these moves pretty clearly demonstrate Apple Music's strategy to acquire users   bait them with exclusive content. But is it working?

Strategy success?

In considering whether its exclusive content strategy remains the correct course of action, it seems like Apple, with all its marketing muscle, is capable of making a more-concerted push to popularize its new streaming music service.

It doesn't appear that Apple is making anything even remotely approaching a concerted effort to publicize its exclusive content offerings, which is particularly troublesome. Granted, Apple's total log of exclusive content, some of which has become publicly available more recently, totaled a paltry three offerings. That doesn't provide much in the way of fodder around which Apple could create a marketing campaign. However, Apple's overall lack of activity in both expanding its exclusive video content backlog and also promoting it suggests something isn't clicking at Apple Music.

The lack of urgency in executing its strategy also coincides with strong product development efforts from Apple's key streaming music rival, Spotify. Perhaps driven by its underdog status against Apple, Spotify has launched a number of impressive features, including in-app concert booking and a growing catalog of non-exclusive video content from the likes of ESPN, Comedy Central, MTV, the BBC, TED Talks, and many more.

Though it only debuted late last June, Apple Music has reportedly surpassed 11 million paying subscribers. Compared to Spotify's recently updated 30-million paying-member figure, Apple Music doesn't necessarily look like a flop. However, the corollary is that it doesn't look like a resounding success, either, especially because Apple already has more than 800 million iTunes accounts to which it can market Apple Music.

Perhaps the addition of Vice's new series represents the start of a more-concerted exclusive-content push on Apple's end. Only time will tell. However, based on the information available today, something seems off with Apple Music's marketing plan. UBS Reiterates Upbeat View of Apple Inc. (AAPL) And Berkshire Hathaway Inc ... UBS analysts chimed in today with favorable reports on tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Buffet s financial giant Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A), as they believe both companies should overcome their challenges and poised to outperform. Let s take a closer look.

Apple Inc.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich was out pounding the table on Apple, reiterating a Buy rating and price target of $120, which represents a potential upside of 14% from where the stock is currently trading.

Milunovich noted,  We look for about 10% iPhone growth in F17 as the iPhone 7 prompts a return to a normal upgrade cycle. The disruptive attack from below historically has hurt leading hardware companies, but we think Apple s brand, product differentiation, and ecosystem protect it. Apple could be described as an annuity business model delivered as hits. But perhaps the best way to understand the company is as a platform in which software and services subsidize hardware sales. 

 Apple is valued as a traditional legacy vendor, likely underestimating its optionality. At under 10x ex-cash and with little implied long-term growth, the stock trades at a valuation similar to legacy pipeline computer companies. Although Apple does have the challenge of growing a huge top line, it has the advantage of an 800mn user installed base and platform economics, which could lead to sustained single-digit revenue growth, high margins, and P/E expansion,  the analyst continued.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Steven Milunovich has a yearly average return of 0.4% and a 39% success rate. Milunovich has a 1.8% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #1788 out of 3812 analysts.

Out of the 52 analysts polled by TipRanks, 39 rate Apple stock a Buy, 10 rate the stock a Hold and 3 recommend to Sell. With a return potential of 29%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $136.34.

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

UBS analyst Brian Meredith initiated coverage on shares of Berkshire Hathaway, with a price target of $244,500, which represents a potential upside of 15% from where the stock is currently trading.

Meredith emphasized his positive stance on Berkshire Hathaway, noting,  We believe that the current uncertain economic and market environment plays into the hands of BRK, with its structural advantages of permanent capital, strong cash generation and industry-leading portfolio of businesses. This enables BRK to make acquisitions and/or invest in its operating units despite challenging environments, positioning it to grow earnings and book value faster than the S&P 500. We believe this will ultimately lead to multiple expansion for BRK s shares, which are currently trading well below their historical price/book multiple. 

The analyst continued,  While the outlook for P&C Insurance overall remains challenging, BRK is well-positioned, as we expect GEICO to benefit from moderating auto claims frequency in 2016, resulting in improved combined ratios and acceleration in policies-in-force growth. Also, BH Primary should be one of the biggest beneficiaries of the reunderwriting initiatives at AIG and Zurich. 

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Brian Meredith has a yearly average return of 12% and a 86% success rate. Meredith is ranked #521 out of 3742 analysts.

Out of the 4 analysts polled by TipRanks, 3 are bullish on Berkshire Hathaway stock a Buy, while 1 remains sidelined. With a return potential of 12%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $237,992. Apple Inc - U.S. expected to withdraw legal action against Apple -USA Today - Reuters News  
2016-06-17
iPhone 8 To Trigger Apple Inc. Stock Super Cycle Apple could make only an incremental iPhone hardware update this year, according to Wall Street expectations. This has led some to believe that the company will revamp its 2017 handset iPhone 8, taking its stock to greater heights.

2017 iPhone 8 to be a big catalyst for Apple

Credit Suisse believes the iPhone 7   expected to be launched in September   will see a  muted  upgrade cycle. Analyst Kulbinder Garcha believes the 2017 iPhone 8 will have a major redesign coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the product.

The 2017 iPhone 8 is rumored to feature a curved glass case housing a 5.8-inch AMOLED display. Rumors also suggest that Apple could embed many features into the display itself, such as a Touch ID sensor, speaker and FaceTime camera.

 We see a number of features and upgrades, including an OLED [organic light-emitting diode] screen, full glass display, no home button, enhanced Taptic Engine, improved camera, and wireless charging in the iPhone 8,  Garcha noted.  While this is some time away, we believe the iPhone 8 will be feature and specification rich. 

Even if such features come in just a Pro version of the device, they should help drive an accelerated replacement cycle and attract new users,  and should result in mix improvements,  the analyst believes. Based on this, Credit Suisse expects Apple to win over 39% of the general smartphone market with sales to reach 250 million units in 2018.

Trimmed EPS estimate for 2017



Garcha believes the major changes to the 2017 iPhone 8 will help Apple court new users and trigger an acceleration of upgrades for existing iPhone customers, causing Apple s share in the smartphone market to increase. A modest upgrade for the iPhone 7 and significant innovations for the 2017 iPhone 8 not only break Apple s usual pattern, but the naming is also expected to change. The 2017 iPhone 8 is expected to be named the iPhone 8 rather than the 7s.

On Apple shares, Garcha maintains his price target of $150 and Outperform rating, but he did cut his calendar year 2016 estimate to $7.80 and also revised his calendar year 2017 EPS estimate to $9.67   down by 5%. Since Apple is expected to make a major redesign to the iPhone 8 in 2017, Garcha is eyeing EPS of $12.32 in 2018.

On Thursday, Apple shares closed up 0.42% at $97.55. Year to date, the stock is down by over 9%, while in the last year, it is down by over 23%. The stock has a 52-week high of $132.97 and a 52-week low of $89.47. Samsung to increase OLED displays production with eye toward supplying Apple, others - Nikkei  Apple says iPhone 6 and other models available for sale today in China-CNBC  Despite report saying iPhone sales halted in Beijing, all Apple products are for sale right now in China - CNBC  Apple's iPhones found to have violated Chinese rival's patent- Bloomberg  
2016-12-23
How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? For many years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was widely viewed as a "can't lose" investment. The stock handily outpaced the major indices for years as its fundamental business performance continued to dazzle.

Indeed, the company struck virtual gold with its iPhone product line, revolutionizing the mobile phone market and, indeed, the computing market as we know it. And investors who got in early could have made fortunes.

However, over the last couple of years, Apple has transformed from a hot growth stock to a mature, megacap technology stock that pays a solid dividend and routinely shrinks its share count through stock buybacks.

For many risk-averse investors, a proven company like Apple is exactly the kind of stock that they're looking for. That said, even a highly profitable industry leader like Apple carries investment risks. Let's take a closer look at a couple of those risks.

Apple relies so much on a single product category

In Apple's most recent fiscal year, it generated approximately $136.7 billion in revenue from sales of its iPhone product line out of a company total of $215.639 billion. That's more than 63% of the company's revenue base coming from a single product line.

There are all kinds of risks associated with having this much exposure to the smartphone market.

For one thing, the market itself has cooled off quite a bit. Market research company IDC predicts that the smartphone market will grow at a 5% compounded annual growth rate from 2015 through 2020. The smartphone market no longer seems to be a high-growth one.

Next, Apple has been having a hard time even growing with the market. In fiscal year 2016, Apple saw its iPhone unit sales drop even in a market that expanded, implying market share loss. There are many potential explanations for why Apple's iPhone business performed so poorly that year, but suffice it to say, if this market share loss continues, it could be tough on Apple's financial performance longer-term.

Finding growth elsewhere is tough

Apple has certainly been investing in trying to grow out non-iPhone businesses. It has put a lot of effort into its iPad line of tablet computers, it introduced the Apple Watch line of smartwatches not too long ago, and it has been investing heavily in building out its services business with products like Apple Music, Apple Pay, as well as continued growth from its App Store.

In fiscal year 2016, Apple saw growth from its Other Products (Apple says this "includes sales of Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, iPod and Apple-branded third party accessories") and its services (Apple explains that this "includes revenue from Internet Services, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services").

However, its iPhone, iPad, and Mac businesses all declined in that fiscal year.

Apple is certainly onto something with its services business, and there's a chance that Apple Watch could be a long-term hit, but finding significant, sustained growth outside of its core iPhone/Mac/iPad businesses isn't likely to be easy. Consumer Reports Deals Blow to Apple Inc. (AAPL), Fails to Recommend New ... InvestorPlaceInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips

Influential organization Consumer Reports tested Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) new MacBook Pro and the results are more bad news for AAPL stock. The fancy new laptop that's generated so much controversy since its launch is in the news again, and not in a good way.

Source: Apple

Consumer Reports tested the new MacBook Pro and Apple's new professional laptop failed to gain the coveted "recommended" buy rating.

This is the first time that any of Apple's MacBooks have not been recommended purchases by Consumer Reports .

Why the New MacBook Pro Flunked Consumer Reports Testing

According to Consumer Reports , all three of the new MacBook Pro models underwent testing: the 15-inch, 13-inch and the 13-inch without Touch Bar. And while the reviewers found the overall system performance and display quality met the expectations set by Apple's typically high standards, battery life is the laptop's Achilles' heel.

Apple claims battery life of up to 10 hours on the new MacBook Pro. During testing, however, Consumer Reports found battery life varied wildly. While the organization says it finds battery life for laptops it tests typically fluctuate by 5% or so between trials, Apple's new machines were all over the map. It notes one example:

"In a series of three consecutive tests, the 13-inch model with the TouchBar ran for 16 hours in the first trial, 12.75 hours in the second and just 3.75 hours in the third."

These inconsistent results continued during testing and affected all three MacBook Pro models. Averaging the results - which would be the usual practice - doesn't work when the numbers are so wildly varied. Although the 13-inch model slightly beat Apple's 10-hour rating during the testing, someone who bought one could easily find the battery runs out in less than four hours.

Wrapping up its testing of the new MacBook Pro, Consumer Reports says:

"Battery life is an important attribute for a laptop, and it represents a significant portion of our overall score. After factoring together our complete test results, Consumer Reports finds that all three MacBook Pro models fail to meet our standards for recommended models."

Apple Knew It Had a Battery Problem

According to a report published in Bloomberg , Apple knew it had a MacBook Pro battery issue prior to launch.

The company was apparently set to release its laptops with a new high capacity battery, but it failed a key test. The decision was made to go with older, proven battery technology to avoid delaying the launch of what Apple was positioning as its best laptop ever.

That decision was costly and instead of the expected "best laptop" accolades, AAPL has been dealing with a flood of criticism.

Turning the MacBook Pro battery problem into even more of a PR fumble, Apple released a new version of macOS to address the problem. The solution? Apple removed the "time remaining" estimate from the status bar.

The New MacBook Pro's Rocky Launch

PC sales are sliding and laptops are taking an increasingly bigger chunk of what's left. Apple had a reputation for selling the best laptop on the market with the MacBook Pro, and the 2016 edition was thinner and faster than ever, with a fancy new OLED Touch Bar to wow the faithful.

Although Mac sales only accounted for roughly 10% of AAPL revenue this year, that's still a lot of money. Apple was obviously hoping the new MacBook Pro would receive a warmer reception than it has, and help to grow its share of the remaining PC pie.

Despite a decidedly lukewarm reception, the new MacBook Pro booked big launch sales numbers . However, at least some of that was due to faithful repeat buyers who had waited nearly four years for a major redesign. Now AAPL is dealing with professional users who are carefully evaluating options, and consumers who want value for their money in a PC.

The new MacBook Pro's higher cost compared to previous models is a barrier to both these groups, as is the constant stream of online grumbling. The latest blow of losing the coveted Consumer Reports "recommended" buy rating - especially after every previous MacBook was on the list - is not going to help matters any.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace

The post Consumer Reports Deals Blow to Apple Inc. (AAPL), Fails to Recommend New MacBook Pro appeared first on InvestorPlace . 
2016-12-24
If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again News of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Project Titan has died down in the past year, but the tech giant is still tangibly interested in the advancement of autonomous car technology.

In this clip from Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and contributor Daniel Sparks explain what we know about Apple's interest in self-driving cars. Also, they discuss what investors need to keep in mind when looking at this new and exciting space.

A full transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on Dec. 16, 2016.

Dylan Lewis: If you had any doubts about Apple's interest in making self-driving cars, I think Tim Cook has been pretty coy in some public interviews about not really letting in on a lot of details, being a little cagey, the company sent a letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration regarding Federal Automated Vehicle Policy earlier this month. And it made it pretty clear they have something cooking there. The NHTSA can grant exemptions to certain compliance standards if that organization decides that it's important for research and investigations. Apple's letter was essentially urging the administration to expedite the exemption requests that are coming in from some new entrants, so, some people that maybe haven't been quite as ambitious as the early entrants into autonomous driving. That, I think, says all you need to hear about their interest in this space, and the fact that it's something that they're obviously putting a decent number of resources into.

Daniel Sparks: Yeah, I think that Apple is definitely working on a car, as far as we can tell. Recent reports suggest that the company has hundreds of employees working on it. The transition, initially, it was referred to as Project Titan, and it initially transitioned away from building a car -- this is all speculation, keep in mind -- to really focusing on the technology, similar to Alphabet. The rumor is, now, it's going to be deeply integrated into iOS, and the company is looking for a 2017 deadline of proof of concept of something that can work. So, Alphabet and Apple, these are still really speculative things. But, at least with Alphabet, we're starting to see a direction, an actual company, and an effort to monetize the business, which is encouraging.

Lewis: And for both of those companies, these are things that are exciting. They're very attractive, they're fun to speculate on because they are nascent tech. But they are not going to be meaningful to the top line or bottom line for quite some time. That's something to keep in mind there. 
2016-12-07
Apple, Inc.'s iPhone Grabs Big Market Share in the US Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) benefited hugely in the three months ending in October, according to quarterly smartphone market share data released by Kantar Worldpanel on Wednesday. During the period, iPhone sales accounted for an impressive 4 of every 10 smartphone sales in the U.S. Apple's sharp rise in smartphone market share during the period bodes well for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus prospects.

Big U.S. market share for iPhone

With Apple beginning deliveries of its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September and Kantar's quarterly data ending in October, Kantar's quarterly data includes about a month and a half of important sales of the new devices. That being the case, the data provides some insights into how the new phones are faring.

Based on Kantar's data, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus seem to have hit the ground running. iPhone sales represented 40.5% of smartphone sales in the three months ending October -- up a notable seven percentage points year over year, from 33.5%.

Going further, Kantar provided some specific, bullish data on the new iPhone versions during the period, saying the iPhone 7 the top-selling device during the period, accounting for 10.6% of smartphone sales, and the iPhone 7 Plus was the fourth best-selling smartphone with a 5.3% share of smartphone sales. This is particularly notable considering these phones were available for only half of this period -- and their availability was supply constrained.

Apple almost certainly benefited significantly from Samsung's recall of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones during this period. The device was recalled a few weeks after its launch, and a few weeks before Apple started shipping its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices. Samsung eventually took its recall even further, opting to end production of the Note 7 altogether after replacement batteries failed to deter spontaneous battery overheating that would lead to the Note 7 catching fire.

Apple vs. Alphabet

In addition to highlighting a strong period for iPhone sales in the U.S., Kantar's just-released data highlighted two other important takeaways for Apple investors.

1. Apple's iOS is gaining on Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android: The quarterly data marked a fifth quarter in a row of year-over-year declines for Android market share, Kantar noted. But the Android operating system's share of smartphone shipments -- at 57.9% --- is still meaningfully higher than Apple's 40.5% iOS' share. Apple's share, of course, is particularly notable since the company's operating system is only included on its own phones, while the Android OS is available on many different smartphone manufacturers' devices.

2. Google Pixel sales were solid: Despite only being widely available for sale for about 11 days of Kantar's measured period, Alphabet's brand new Pixel phone grabbed 0.5% of all smartphone sales in the U.S., matching market share from Huawei and Microsoft.

Overall, it's good to see the iPhone continuing to resonate with customers in Apple's home market. With the iPhone representing about 60% of Apple's total revenue, the device remains critical to the company's business results. But investors may want to keep an eye on Alphabet's early success with its new Pixel phone. If Alphabet can keep this up, the new premium phone could evolve into a threat to the iPhone. Apple Inc is reportedly pressing Hollywood studios to allow earlier movie ... Apple Inc. is pressing Hollywood studios for earlier access to movies, according to people with knowledge of the matter, a move that would bolster the company s iTunes business.

21st Century Fox Inc., Time Warner Inc. s Warner Bros. and Comcast Corp. s Universal Pictures all confirmed over the past week that they are looking to offer high-priced, home-video rentals of new movies shortly after they open in theaters. Some studio executives have been pushing to allow home rentals as early as two weeks after theatrical debuts and are considering a deal with iTunes as one option, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.

The most recent talks are part of longer-running efforts by Cupertino, California-based Apple to get new movies sooner, two of the people said. Such an arrangement could help iTunes stand out in a crowded online market for movies, TV shows and music. While the iTunes store helped Apple build a dominant role in music retailing, the company hasn t carved out a similar role in music and video streaming.

Christine Monaghan, a company spokeswoman, declined to comment.

Related

The studios could end up choosing another technology platform instead of Apple to deliver movies more quickly to households.

Hollywood studios typically give theaters exclusive rights to new movies for 90 days or more before issuing them on DVD or making them available for online purchase. With cinema attendance mostly stagnant and home-video revenue flat in recent years, film companies are under pressure to find new areas of growth.

Shares of movie-theater chains fell. AMC Entertainment Holdings dropped as much as 2.8 per cent, while Regal Entertainment Group slid as much as 1.9 per cent. Cinemark fell as much as 1.1 per cent.

Earlier availability of new movies could satisfy a growing consumer appetite and deter piracy, Warner Bros. chief Kevin Tsujihara said last week.

One option is a premium-priced online rental for new movies, at prices of US$25 to US$50, a possibility under consideration at the studios, according to people with knowledge of the matter.

Theater chains have battled to keep their exclusive hold over new movies, in some cases boycotting films that were released too soon for home viewing. But Cinemark Holdings Inc., the No. 3 U.S. exhibitor, said recently it s looking for solutions that would benefit both sides and held preliminary talks about creating a so-called premium window for home entertainment. Such a service is likely within the next 18 months, one of the people said.

Those talks may have gained momentum after Sean Parker, the founder of Napster, said in March he was trying to create a new home-video service, called Screening Room, that would offer viewers movies on the same day they were released in theaters. The company has also discussed offering movies at home after 14 days in theaters, two of the people said. A spokeswoman for Screening Room declined to comment.

One of the concerns about iTunes is whether it will be a secure platform for delivering movies that are still in theaters, the people said. While Apple encrypts iTunes video files so they can t easily be duplicated, it s possible to use a camera to record a movie playing on a TV screen. A leak of picture that s still in theaters would jeopardize returns for the studios and cinema owners.

Screening Room uses a watermarking technology that s supposed to prevent piracy by making it possible to track down the source of a leak.

To compete with popular music streaming services such as Spotify Ltd., Apple acquired Beats Music in 2014 and built its own streaming music service. Yet the maker of iPhones and Mac computers wasn t part of the surge in streaming video propelled by Netflix Inc. and Amazon.com Inc.

Eddy Cue, Apple s senior vice president for software and services, has taken small steps toward developing video content with a series of app- and music-based shows, while efforts to obtain streaming rights to films and TV shows have thus far been unfruitful. This month Apple will release a new app, dubbed simply TV, that will serve as a hub for users to watch content from a number of different apps. Netflix is notably absent.

Bloomberg News 
2016-04-22
Will An All-Glass AMOLED iPhone Boost Apple Inc. Stock? Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have fallen 14% over the past 12 months due to concerns that sales of the iPhone, its top source of revenue, will peak this year. iPhone sales inched up just 1% annually last quarter, and Apple's guidance for a 9% to 14% sales decline for the current quarter indicated that demand was drying up.

A recent report from Trendforce claims that global iPhone shipments fell nearly 24% annually during the first quarter, and the firm warns that the new 4" iPhone SE will "face severe price competition from Chinese branded products" in its target mid-range market.

As a result, Apple faces tremendous pressure to make major technological and cosmetic improvements to future iPhones. But recent leaks indicate that this year's iPhone 7 will look similar to the iPhone 6s, and that its biggest improvement could be a dual-camera setup for better pictures.

But looking further ahead, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes that Apple will dramatically alter the iPhone next year by replacing its aluminum chassis with an all-glass enclosure, and replace its LCD screen with an AMOLED one. Would such an eleventh-hour move revive interest in the iPhone?

Is Apple running out of ideas?

If Kuo's report is accurate, Apple would be following Android device design trends. Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) has used AMOLED displays ever since the Galaxy S1, and it added curved glass screens to the Galaxy S6 Edge last year. Xiaomi, Oppo, Lenovo, and many other OEMs have also produced phones with glass backs or all-glass exteriors. Apple also used glass backs with the iPhone 4 and 4s. Those stylish handsets were prone to crack, but Kuo believes that Apple will use tougher glass to address that issue, and that glass would be ideal for wireless charging and boosting reception.

Introducing an all-glass AMOLED iPhone might impress diehard Apple fans, but it also seems to be an admission that Android OEMs -- which were once considered "iPhone knockoff" makers -- are now moving ahead of the design curve. Apple could potentially add its patented and long-rumored "wraparound" display design to the all-glass exterior, but LG also recently won a similar patent, indicating that it might launch such a futuristic device before Apple.

Apple is treading water...

Under CEO Tim Cook, Apple treads water more often than it swims forward. Cook has tried using a scattergun strategy to boost iPad sales, adding smaller and larger screen sizes along with keyboards for productivity purposes. Yet those tactics seem unlikely to break the tablet's eight consecutive quarters of annual sales declines.

That strategy is now bleeding over to the iPhone, causing the company to launch 4-inch devices to reach untapped markets. That strategy might work if Apple lowers the price to around $100 for developing and emerging markets, but the company stubbornly set the price at $400 to $500, keeping it out of reach of those consumers.

According to analytics firm Mixpanel, only 24% of iPhone users own an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, while 43% still use the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. That big disparity indicates that many iPhone 6 users, unimpressed by the iPhone 6s' incremental upgrades, simply stuck with their "good enough" devices. The iPhone 7 could suffer the same fate if it doesn't offer game-changing improvements. Since most carriers no longer subsidize iPhones with two-year contracts, longtime iPhone users will likely hold onto their devices a bit longer -- which could cause iPad-like sales declines.

But can it swim forward?

Apple knows that it needs to diversify away from the iPhone, which generated nearly 70% of its revenue last quarter. However, new efforts like Apple Pay, Apple Music, and the Apple Watch still account for single-digit percentages of its top line, while the rumored "Apple Car" probably won't arrive until 2019. Sales of iPads and Macs have also been sluggish due to ongoing declines in both the tablet and PC markets.

So until Apple's other businesses start generating more meaningful sales, all eyes will remain fixed on the iPhone, which is running out of ways to win over new users. I believe that the company is gradually falling behind Samsung and other OEMs in terms of hardware design, and introducing an all-glass AMOLED iPhone might not be enough to close the gap next year. Apple, Inc. Earnings: 3 Questions for Tim Cook Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) second-quarter earnings release on Tuesday will likely include some very useful information for investors, including a likely look at the severity of a rare year-over-year decline in revenue, as well as a window into what management expects for the next quarter. But, as usual, I'm most excited about the earnings call following the release. During the call, the company will provide commentary on the quarter's results, as well as hopefully answer these three questions:

1. Will iPhone sales return to growth soon?

Apple's guidance for Q2 implied about an 11% year-over-year decline in revenue compared to the year-ago quarter. With iPhone sales accounting for about 68% of the company's total revenue, this guidance clearly suggests management expects iPhone sales to decline during the quarter.

During the company's first-quarter earnings call (via a Thomson Reuters transcript), Apple management blamed the expected year-over-year decline in iPhone sales on a tough comparison in the year-ago quarter, as well as unfavorable currency changes.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said Q2, in particular, is likely the "toughest compare" for the year.

We believe it's the toughest compare because of the year ago quarter also had catch up in it from Q1. If you recall, we were heavily supply constrained throughout the whole of Q1, and so some of that demand moved into Q2.

Hopefully, Cook will provide an update on how the company views iPhone sales comparisons for the rest of the year, and -- if we're lucky -- maybe a glimpse at his long-term view for iPhone sales.

2. How is the iPhone SE performing in Greater China?

Apple's March-introduced iPhone SE was a huge departure from its typical new iPhones. For the first time ever, the company basically went back and revamped one of its older iPhones, relaunching it with a new name and new guts. Launched between Apple's usual iPhone announcements for flagship versions of the smartphone, the company appears to be aiming to create a more-competitive offering for more price-sensitive markets -- markets like Greater China.

It's not surprising Apple wanted to launch an iPhone that would appeal specifically to Greater China. In the company's most-recent quarter, Greater China represented a whopping 24% of the Apple's revenue -- second only to its Americas market, which stands at 38% of revenue.

Some early data when iPhone SE was launched suggested the new phone is, indeed, a hit in China. Three days before shipments of the device began, Apple raked in 3.4 million in pre-orders from non-Apple retailers for the iPhone SE, according to a report from CNBC.

Perhaps Apple will provide some insight into how well the new phone is holding up in the company's important Greater China market.

3. How's the quality of Apple's pipeline?

Finally, investors will want to look for an update from management on the company's confidence in its pipeline.

Given Apple's love of secrecy about future products, don't expect anything very detailed. But Apple has provided vague, yet useful, information about its pipeline in the past. For instance, ahead of the Apple Watch, the company made it very clear it would soon launch a product in a "new category," and the CEO even was as specific as to note that he thought wearables would become a "very key branch of the tree."

As Apple struggles to grow revenue, could Cook tease investors with some hints about the company's pipeline? At the very least, investors should look for the CEO to express high confidence in its upcoming products.

Apple reports results for its second fiscal quarter after market close on Tuesday, April 26. The company will host a live conference call to discuss the results in a Q&A session with analysts at 2:00 p.m. PST. Hedging Apple Ahead Of Earnings  
2016-09-13
A Triple Win for This Apple Inc. Supplier At this point, it's practically common knowledge that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) is the sole manufacturer of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 Fusion chip inside the recently announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones.

Today, I'd like to highlight how this is not just a win for the Taiwan-based contract chip manufacturer, but a triple win.

Sole sourcing should help TSMC quite a bit

Last year, Apple split the manufacturing of its A9 chip between TSMC and its longtime rival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). In fact, not only did TSMC wind up sharing the A9 with Samsung -- after TSMC had won the entirety of the prior-generation A8 orders -- but it was also widely reported that it wound up with a minority allocation of the orders.

Tough break, eh?

By going from a minority supplier of the A9 to the sole provider of the A10, TSMC stands to enjoy a nice year-over-year boost in revenue during this iPhone product cycle, though it will be offset somewhat by the fact that Apple's mid-tier iPhones will go from being TSMC-exclusive to split between TSMC and Samsung.

A larger chip size should drive even more wafer sales

Chips are essentially "printed" onto silicon wafers of a fixed diameter -- in the case of the A10 and other leading-edge chips, that diameter is 300 millimeters or just under 12 inches. The individual chips -- referred to as dies -- are then cut out of those wafers and then packaged for use.

Last year's A9 measured in at 104.5 square millimeters in TSMC's 16-nanometer manufacturing technology, according to a measurement from Chipworks.

In a recent column, I estimated that the A10 measures in at 147 square millimeters -- substantially larger than the A9 chip it replaces. The fact that the A10 is so much larger means that, for a given unit volume, Apple will require more wafers to meet that demand. Since TSMC sells wafers, the combination of the larger chip size and the sole sourcing arrangement means that the chipmaker is likely to generate a lot more revenue from this iPhone cycle than the prior-generation one.

A packaging win, too

It is believed that in addition to handling the wafer fabrication duties, several reports suggest that the chipmaker is also providing chip-packaging services to Apple with its new Integrated Wafer Level Wan-Out, or InFO packaging technology.

The amount of incremental dollar content from this win is likely to be far less than winning all of the chip orders or the significant chip die size increase in going from the A9 to the A10, but it's additional revenue and profit dollars in TSMC's coffers. In my book, anyway, that's a "win."

TSMC has Apple, but the struggle continues

Right now, TSMC is arguably Apple's most important chip partner. TSMC has clearly done a good job developing leadership technologies and providing the right level of service that Apple requires. The chipmaker's job now will be to try to fend off Samsung and, if you believe the rumors, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) for future A-series processor business. Apple, Inc.'s New iOS 10 Update Is Now Live What happened?

Ahead of the first deliveries of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus on September 16, the tech giant has just released its latest version of iOS for its mobile devices, including iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. While iOS 10, which Apple calls its "biggest release yet," includes a wide range of new features, the most notable are a totally overhauled message experience, integration of Siri with third-party apps, and more uses for 3D Touch.

Other new features worth mentioning include:

redesigned Maps

redesigned Apple News

redesigned Apple Music

richer notifications

a raise-to-wake function for iPhone SE and 6s or later models

Apple Pay for the web

The upgrade is available for iPhone 5, the fourth-generation iPad, the iPad Mini 2, and the sixth-generation iPod Touch or later.

Does it matter?

With iOS devices accounting for about 70% of the company's revenue, an enriching iOS experience is critical for the company. Indeed, software features are more important than ever, as the company faces headwinds with product revenue growth.

Apple's iOS is a key component of the company's high customer-loyalty rates, and it reinforces the strength of Apple's robust ecosystem of hardware, products, and services.

Of course, an exceptional mobile operating system is already expected from Apple, so this isn't thesis-altering news. But it's definitely an important piece of what gives Apple its staying power. 
2016-02-20
Apple Inc. Is the World's Most Admired Company Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has faced some tough times over the past 12 months, sliding 28%. But that didn't stop executives, directors, and analysts from rating the iMaker the world's most most admired brand in Fortune's survey.

Competition for the top spot was tough. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) came in a close second, and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) was ranked third.

The rankings

Fortune's annual survey ranks companies on nine attributes, including innovation, people management, use of corporate assets, social responsibility, quality of management financial soundness, long-term investment value, quality of products and services, and global competitiveness. To rate companies on this criterion, Fortune relies on Korn Ferry Hay Group to ask 4,000 executives, directors, and analysts to help sift through, rate, and rank the companies.

Apple took first place with an overall score of 8.6. Notably, the tech giant ranked first in every attribute.

Alphabet, parent company of Google, came in second place with a score of 8.2. The company's second-place ranking in the survey comes shortly after the tech company briefly surpassed Apple's market capitalization -- but Apple quickly regained the lead. Alphabet's stock price is up 32% in the trailing 12 months, and the company finished off the year on a particularly good note, with year-over-year revenue growth actually accelerating.

E-commerce giant Amazon came in third, with a score of 7.3. Last year was particularly good for the company, with shares more than doubling during the year. But the stock has pulled back a bit during the market sell-off. During the trailing-12-months, Amazon stock is up about 41%. During 2015, CEO Jeff Bezos proved the company can report meaningful profits and consistent free cash flow. Operating income jumped from $178 million to $2.2 billion and free cash flow increased from $2 billion to $7.3 billion.

Value in Apple stock

This is the ninth consecutive time Apple has earned the top spot. The company's consistent ability to be recognized so positively by executives, directors, and analysts, is a reflection of the company's ability to grow its business, maintain a loyal customer base, and deliver value to shareholders.

Sure, Apple's stock is down during the past 12 months. But as the survey indicates, industry experts consider the tech giant to offer first-rate long-term investment value. Further, the company's business has actually grown considerably during this period. During the trailing 12 months, Apple's sales increased 18% and its EPS has soared 27%.

The survey's ranking of the company in comparison to the market's depressed valuation for the stock highlights the stark contrast in the low value the market is awarding the company and the admiration industry experts have for it. With the stock trading at just 10 times earnings, the market seems to believe the company will have trouble growing its earnings, going forward. But if Fortune's survey truly represents where Apple stands on these important attributes, is the stock mispriced at these levels? Apple Has Lost Its Monopoly  Will Apple, Inc.'s New iPhone Add $5.5 Billion in Sales? Ahead of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumored iPhone launch on March 15, investors are hoping the revamped smaller iPhone can help beef up the company's top line, and potentially save the tech giant from a possible year-over-year decline in sales during fiscal 2016. According to one Apple analyst's projections (via AppleInsider), the new mid-cycle iPhone may, indeed, give the company's sales a solid boost.

In need of a catalyst

For Apple's current quarter, the company is guiding for revenue to decline about 11% compared to the year-ago quarter. This is a huge change from the company's 18% year-over-year revenue growth during the trailing-12-month period.

The bleak outlook has some investors concerned that the company's sales have peaked; hence, the stock's wildly conservative price-to-earnings ratio of 10 -- a valuation that basically assumes Apple's business will no longer grow.

With this guidance it mind, it's no surprise that Apple is reportedly planning to launch an iPhone about six months before it normally does. Management is likely hoping the new iPhone can reinvigorate iPhone sales growth, and help it resume revenue growth after the current quarter.

If you've missed the rumors, this expected iPhone launch is aimed at replacing the company's iPhone 5s, which Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the company's most-recent earnings call is still selling well, even despite being two-years old. Expected to sport a four-inch display like the iPhone 5, 5c, and 5s, the phone will likely attempt to strengthen Apple's position at a lower price point. Apple is still expected to introduce new flagship iPhones in the fall, as it usually does.

While the phone is rumored to be introduced on March 15th, and to go on sale as early as March 18, investors shouldn't expect the phone to play a key role in boosting iPhone sales for the current quarter, as the current quarter closes at the end of March -- though an impact on the rest of the year is likely.

The path to $5.5 billion

Apple's new, four-inch iPhone could help the company sell an additional 10 million iPhone units in fiscal 2016, adding $5.5 billion incremental sales, according to RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani. These expectations -- for incremental iPhone unit sales and revenue -- factor in potential cannibalization of flagship phones, according to the analyst.

With Apple's annual revenue currently at $235 billion, $5.5 billion in sales could add more than 2% to Apple's top line -- potentially enough to help the company avoid a year-over-year decline in fiscal 2016.

Daryanani believes the new iPhone, which is rumored to have a starting price of $450, could boast an average selling price of $550 -- only $140 behind Apple's average selling price for iPhone sales across all of its models. At this average selling price, the analyst estimates the new iPhone could contribute 2% of incremental EPS for Apple in fiscal 2016.

Some of the primary buyers of the new, smaller iPhone, according to Daryanani, will include those who currently use an iPhone three more years older, and India.

Cook did give a nod to India in the company's most-recent earnings call. Discussing the current environment leading to Apple's guidance for a year-over-year decline in revenue, Cook said, "We've also seen these times as opportunities to invest in new markets, just as we're doing now in areas such as India and other emerging markets."

Given that iPhone sales account for more than 60% of Apple's total revenue, a mid-cycle iPhone would almost certainly be accretive to the tech giant's business. And Daryanani's estimate that the phone could add about 2% to the company's bottom line does seem conservative. Even more, these estimates for what a refreshed three-year-old iPhone can contribute to earnings highlights just how important the segment is to the company. Apple, Inc. Prepares for More Buybacks In the past few years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has issued more than $60 billion of debt to fund its dividends and share repurchases. This has allowed it to avoid paying repatriation taxes of up to 35% on its $200 billion foreign cash stockpile.

On the company's Q1 earnings call last month, Apple CFO Luca Maestri stated, "We also plan to be very active in the US and international debt markets in 2016, in order to fund our capital return activities." Apple made its first move in this direction in the past week.

Apple's first debt offering of 2016

Last Tuesday, Apple filed a prospectus to issue nine different series of dollar-denominated bonds. In total, Apple is issuing $12 billion of debt.

Of the new debt, $10.5 billion is being raised for "general corporate purposes" -- which means share buybacks, for all intents and purposes. However, Apple is also issuing $1.5 billion in "green bonds" that are earmarked for investments in energy efficiency, renewable energy, and similar initiatives.

As a practical matter, the distinction between Apple's green bonds and its debt raised for general corporate purposes is probably moot. Apple was going to spend money on environmentally friendly projects no matter what. Issuing green bonds will free up the cash it would have otherwise spent on these projects.

The price is right

For Apple, issuing debt to fund incremental share buybacks is almost a no-brainer right now. Despite its rising debt balance, Apple retains a very high credit rating, allowing it to issue debt at extremely low interest rates.

In fact, Apple typically saves money when issuing debt to buy back stock, because the added interest expense is more than offset by lower dividend payments. Apple priced its recent offering at an average interest rate of less than 3%. (Even its 30-year notes carry an interest rate of just 4.65%.) After the impact of tax savings, the effective interest rate will be less than 2%.

For comparison, Apple's dividend yield was 2.2%, based on its Thursday closing stock price of $96.26. Furthermore, Apple is likely to raise its dividend in April, increasing the amount of cash that it will save by buying back stock now.

Apple stock is cheap

Of course, it wouldn't make sense for Apple to spend money on share buybacks if its stock was overvalued. However, Apple stock is quite cheap, having fallen back below $100 last month.

It's true that Apple's profit could decline on a year-over-year basis in fiscal 2016. However, the expected launch of a new 4-inch iPhone (the iPhone 5se) and an updated 9.7-inch iPad (the iPad Air 3) should keep any earnings decline manageable. Meanwhile, the stock now trades for less than 11 times the average analyst estimate for this year's earnings: far below the average earnings multiple for the stock market as a whole.

Most importantly, Apple is well positioned to return to solid profit growth next year. The iPhone 7 should ignite another strong upgrade cycle for Apple's signature product. Apple CEO Tim Cook also expects the iPad product line to make its long-awaited return to revenue growth later this year. Finally, a much-improved Apple Watch is likely to be ready for launch by this fall.

A return to stronger earnings results should lead to a revival in Apple's stock price. In the meantime, issuing debt at rock-bottom interest rates to buy back more stock will build value for long-term investors. 
2016-11-17
Apple, Inc. Reportedly Considering Making iPhones in America Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) might be thinking about doing the unthinkable: bringing iPhone production back home.

The Nikkei Asian Review is exclusively reporting that the Mac maker asked its two primary iPhone contract manufacturers, Foxconn and Pegatron, to evaluate the possibility of assembling iPhones in the U.S. Foxconn did an evaluation per Apple's request, but Pegatron reportedly didn't want to bother with it because of cost considerations. Apple's move wasn't in response to Donald Trump's election victory, but it's possible that the tech titan was exploring the idea pre-emptively. Apple made the request in June, and Trump's campaign focused heavily on using tariffs to encourage domestic manufacturing, while also demonizing Apple for manufacturing products abroad.

"How does it help us when they make it in China?"

The president-elect posed this question to supporters in March, vowing that he would "get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land, not in China." The answer is -- or at least should be -- incredibly obvious. China is the most efficient and cost-effective place for Apple to churn out hundreds of millions of iPhones. The Nikkei report quoted a source saying, "Making iPhones in the U.S. means the cost will more than double."

That is how it benefits U.S. consumers. Lower costs translate into lower retail prices. Apple has its margin target that it needs to hit, so any increases in its underlying cost structure will indubitably be passed along to consumers in the form of higher prices.

This isn't just about labor costs, either

The entire electronics supply chain is centralized in Asia, which yields logistics and research and development efficiencies. Having a supplier being physically located close to where the devices are produced makes it easier to address problems that arise and streamline the build-out of manufacturing infrastructure. For instance, here's a map of Apple suppliers:

Beyond cost, the labor pool in Asia is also much more able to handle this type of work. In an interview with Charlie Rose last December, CEO Tim Cook explained the situation:

Let me be clear, China put an enormous focus on manufacturing. In what we would call, you and I would call vocational kind of skills. The U.S., over time, began to stop having as many vocational kind of skills. I mean, you can take every tool and die maker in the United States and probably put them in a room that we're currently sitting in. In China, you would have to have multiple football fields.

Will it happen?

Apple has to do its due diligence in researching the possibility. The company has to take Trump's rhetoric seriously, and evaluating options is completely expected. However, Apple will likely find that it's just not possible or worth it, even if Trump enacts some type of import tariff. It's a very real possibility that the costs to move manufacturing to the U.S. at a meaningful scale would be so prohibitive that it would be better to deal with a potential tariff.

The company has moved some manufacturing to the U.S., but those are lower-volume products like the Mac Pro. I don't think there's any realistic way that Apple moves the bulk of iPhone production stateside. How Donald Trump Could Save Apple, Inc. Billions It's been just over a week since Donald Trump won the general election, and investors are still trying to figure out what a Trump administration holds in store for their positions. That's much easier said than done, considering the fact that the president-elect hasn't been particularly forthright with detailed plans on any of his proposed policies.

One issue that Trump campaigned on was his support of alleviating taxes on repatriating cash, arguing that allowing corporations to bring funds home at favorable tax rates would translate into domestic investment that would in turn spur economic activity stateside. Of course, that was the argument for the last repatriation holiday in 2004, and most of the cash that companies brought back was promptly returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. There are valid arguments for and against a repatriation holiday, but most lawmakers are against repatriation holidays because the government ends up losing tax revenue over the long-term; the holidays simply encourage more profit shifting as companies just wait around hoping for the next repatriation holiday.

Trump's site from his campaign calls for relief: "It will provide a deemed repatriation of corporate profits held offshore at a one-time tax rate of 10 percent." This is a slightly higher rate than the 2004 holiday, which allowed companies to repatriate cash at 5.25%. It's worth noting that Trump's site after becoming president-elect does not include details on repatriation, so it's not clear where Trump currently stands on this issue.

Key word: "deemed"

You may have noticed that I didn't refer to Trump's proposal as a "holiday." It's a minor semantic distinction, but it's important. There are three broad ways that lawmakers have proposed dealing with foreign cash hoards, which now total approximately $2.6 trillion. There is a transition tax, a stand-alone deemed repatriation, or a repatriation tax holiday. Deemed repatriation is sort of a hybrid of the other two, so you could arguably apply "holiday" to deemed repatriation due to its one-time nature as well. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a nonpartisan research and policy institute, provides this handy table:

The way that deemed repatriation would work is that the government would impose a one-time tax on all foreign profits that are currently being held overseas. The most important distinction is that unlike a pure holiday, which allows for optional repatriation, deemed repatriation is compulsory and the tax would be imposed regardless of whether or not companies actually brought that cash back. The U.S. government would be able to use the incoming revenue for things like infrastructure, but it doesn't guarantee that companies will actually repatriate cash. But if they're paying the tax anyway, many companies will probably choose to repatriate.

How this could save Apple billions

Much digital ink has been spilled regarding Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) massive and growing foreign reserves, which now stand at $216 billion. The Mac maker has long tapped the debt markets as a roundabout way to raise domestic cash while avoiding repatriation taxes, funds that it uses to pay dividends and repurchase stock. But that strategy has inherent limits, as Apple has now amassed nearly $80 billion in long-term debt.

At the same time, CEO Tim Cook has already stated that Apple is planning on repatriating a large chunk of cash as early as next year, noting that the company has "provisioned several billion dollars" for taxes without elaborating further. It seems that some level of repatriation is already on the table for Apple. Using Trump's proposed 10% deemed repatriation rate, Apple could be facing a one-time tax bill of $21.6 billion. That doesn't sound like savings, and whether or not Apple actually saved money depends on how much it was already planning on bringing home.

Here are just some theoretical scenarios.

Amount Repatriated Status Quo Tax (35%) Deemed Repatriation Savings $50 billion $17.5 billion $21.6 billion ($4.1 billion) $100 billion $35 billion $21.6 billion $13.4 billion $150 billion $52.5 billion $21.6 billion $30.9 billion $200 billion $70 billion $21.6 billion $48.4 billion

I've skewed toward higher amounts here on purpose. Under normal circumstances, it's very unlikely that Apple would have been considering repatriating $50 billion or more, and I highly doubt that the amount Cook was thinking of approached $50 billion. But if Trump enacts his deemed repatriation rate of 10%, Apple has an incentive to repatriate more while it still can, as its savings increase in lockstep. It's also unrealistic to think that Apple would repatriate as much as $200 billion, since it still needs foreign reserves to continue expanding its international retail presence as well as capital spending for product tooling and manufacturing infrastructure that resides within partner facilities in Asia. The more that Apple repatriates under this hypothetical scenario, the longer it can fund its capital return program without turning to capital markets.

None of this is to suggest that a Trump Administration would be pro-Apple by any means. The president-elect has already demonized Apple's globalization as part of his nationalist-oriented campaign, and a trade war would definitely hurt if Trump goes through with it. But if Trump and a Republican Congress move forward with a deemed repatriation bill, Apple could actually benefit. Apple's Repatriation And Share Buyback Could Trump All As we digested the news of Donald Trump's surprising victory, our focus quickly shifted to the impact his policies could have on our portfolio. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), one of our long-term holdings, will no doubt be affected by President-elect Trump's stance on corporate taxation, immigration and global trade. Let's focus today on corporate taxation, given that his campaign has already provided some high-level details of what it wants to achieve. The other issues we'll leave for another day once additional information is released.

While details of the President-elect's tax policies are still being crafted, we do know that they propose to reduce corporate taxes from 35% to 15%. His proposals also call for a 10% deemed repatriation tax. This is fairly close to House Republican proposals, which include decreasing corporate taxes from 35% to 20% and full taxation of all previously deferred income over a period of time at a high-single digit tax rate. The chance for major tax reform next year is high given the Republican controlled Congress.

If the President-elect's plan were to be enacted we'll very likely see Apple repatriate a substantial amount of its offshore cash. In fact even before the election, Tim Cook, Apple's CEO, was primed to do so, having stated in an interview on Irish radio.

"We provisioned several billion dollars for the U.S. for payment as soon as we repatriate it, and right now I would forecast that repatriation to occur next year,"

While he did not provide an amount, a reduced 10% repatriation tax would be a significant incentive to repatriate the bulk of Apple's offshore cash. Let's explore the impact this would have on the stock.

Apple's Offshore Mattress

As of September 30, 2016, Apple has a total of $237.6B in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. For simplicity, we'll call cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities "cash".

Over 90% of this cash is held overseas, in an Irish mattress (okay technically a non-resident Irish mattress), and domestic cash totals only $21.6B

September 30, 2016 US OUS Total Cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities (both ST/LT) $21,585 $216,000 $237,585 % of Total 9.1% 90.9% 100%

For our exercise, let's assume that Apple's foreign subsidiaries retain $20B of the $216B of cash as a working capital cushion to fund non-US spend. This is largely conjecture, but we're trying to estimate the impact of a repatriation plan, so this could be adjusted up or down. We're using $20B because Apple has $21B of domestic cash, and given sales are split OUS (60%) / US (40%) we're assuming that a roughly equivalent amount of offshore cash should suffice.

This would mean Apple could repatriate $196B of the $216B. Applying a 10% repatriation tax would mean reducing the actual cash received to $176.4B

Foreign Domestic Total Domestic Cash $216.0B $21.6B Amount retained in foreign subsidiaries $20.0B Net (pre-repatriation tax) $196.0B Repatriation tax (10%)* $19.6B Net cash $176.4B $21.6B $198.0B

*Note that we haven't reduced the repatriation tax for any foreign tax credits ("FTC") that would be brought back to offset the US tax for two reasons. First, the change in corporate tax rates will force the company to true-up its deferred tax assets ("DTA"), and the value of the FTC will decline. Second, given that DTAs are valued at $4.1B as of September 30, 2016 and DTAs include FTCs and many other tax assets), the amount of FTCs are likely "small" relative to the amount repatriated, and when coupled with the reduction in corporate tax rate, the actual FTC impact may be negligible for purposes of our calculation.

What could Apple do with the cash?

Flushed with $176.4B of additional US cash, we don't think Apple will increase its dividend or pay out a one-time dividend; the former would unnecessarily constrain future cash management and the latter is tax inefficient.

Moreover, we think Apple will refrain from repaying its $79B of debt, particularly given the low rates and long-maturity. Apple's corporate debt is also held by the US entity, Apple Inc., which means the interest expense is shielding US income from taxation. Although a reduction of the US federal corporate rate from 35% to 15% decreases this benefit, there are still state taxes to factor in, and overall the deduction, albeit reduced, is still beneficial.

A large-scale M&A transaction is also unlikely given Apple's history of bolt-on acquisitions and because any large-scale acquisition would compress Apple's industry leading margins. Consequently, we think Apple will likely fund a large share buyback.

How Much?

There really are no restrictions on the use of Apple's cash. The company's recent cash hoarding has simply been the byproduct of a US tax system that creates its own "reality distortion field", which incentivizes companies to defer offshore earnings.

It's important to note that none of Apple's debt has any financial covenants. Under its most recent prospectus supplement, Apple states

"The indenture for the notes does not . . . require us to maintain any financial ratios or specific levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow or liquidity and, accordingly, does not protect holders of the notes in the event we experience significant adverse changes in our financial condition;"

(See for example Prospectus Supplement dated April 30, 2013)

As such, the company is free to use its cash to benefit shareholders (albeit to the detriment of bondholders). The size of the share buyback will be driven more by financial conservatism than any financial restrictions, and Apple for all its vaunted cash generating prowess has historically been financially conservative.

This is due in large part to Steve Job's penchant for accumulating cash after the near-Apple bankruptcy in 1997; a time when Apple needed a bailout from its rival Microsoft to survive. Apple's secrecy also means a large cash balance creates certain competitive advantages. The cash provide financial flexibility, allowing the company to pre-fund R&D for multiple generations of future products, monopolize raw materials for large-scale projects (to delays rivals from manufacturing their own copycat products), fund experiments and acquisitions that may not work, and insure financial stability to buffer itself from the fickle consumer driven market.

Thus, we believe if Apple were to bring back $176.4B, it's likely to use only a portion of the cash to fund a share buyback. We think the company could retain $50B in the US and declare a buyback of $125B.

Why $125B?

This is the company's debt maturity profile for the next five years. Repatriating $176.4B and retaining $50B means the company would have sufficient cash to cover the debt maturing over the next five years (approx. $30B) without having to overly rely on current/future earnings.

Maturity 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 +2022 Amount Due $3.5B $6.5B $6.8B $6.5B $7.8B $46.3B

Alternatively, having $50B on hand would represent a "coverage ratio" for the following expenses (i.e., assuming the company makes no profit for the years, how long would US cash last).

Metrics for US Cash CapEx (2017) OpEx (2016) Dividends (2016) Amount $19.2B $24.2B $12.0B Cash ($50B) $50.0B $50.0B $50.0B "Coverage Ratio" 2.6x 2.1x 4.2x

If the company retains $50B in the US, the size of the buyback could be approximately $125B and at today's $110 share price, the company can buyback and retire close to 20% of its outstanding shares (i.e., 1.1B shares repurchased from the 5.3B shares currently outstanding).

Size of Buyback Share Price O/S Shares Share Buyback Remaining Shares $125.0B $110 5.33B 1.14B 4.19B

Shortly after the share buyback is announced we believe the share price will trade 20% higher (i.e., from $110 to +$130/share).

There are some downsides, however, so let's address them:

Lost Interest Income

Apple is currently earning a blended interest rate of 1.73% on its cash, therefore interest income could decline by $2.1B (pre-tax). Given that Apple pays out $2.28/share in dividends, buying back 1.1B shares would essentially negate having to pay out $2.5B of dividends, offsetting the lost interest income and making the buyback cash flow neutral.

From an earnings standpoint, the decline in interest income translates to a reduction of EPS by approx. 40 cents ($2.1B pre-tax interest income (assuming a 20% tax rate = $1.6B / 4.2B shares), and at a 10x multiple a reduction of $4/share. We believe this slight decline in earnings will be mitigated by higher investor sentiment surrounding the stock, higher returns on capital and an overall improved capital allocation strategy.

Lastly, we have purposely avoided discussing the fact that Apple will continue to generate cash every year because we are only addressing a one-time event. Cash flow from operations (less capex) in 2016 totaled approximately $50B, which we think can and will continue. The proposed share buyback above should not affect Apple's preexisting plan to pay out dividends and fund future stock buybacks.

If and when tax reform is enacted, we think Apple will act quickly to begin a large-scale repatriation plan. None too soon as this has been a long time coming, and Apple's offshore cash, which the market has placed little value on, will soon be much appreciated.

As always, we welcome your comments. If you would like to read more of our articles, please be sure to hit the "Follow" button above.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-06-01
Apple Inc. Increased R&D Spending Faster Than the Top 14 Automakers Combined ... Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Hubery released some interesting evaluations about Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) research and development spending last week. She said in an investor note that over the past three years Apple had increased its R&D spending by $4.7 billion, and that the cash is likely going to the company's automotive ambitions.

Apple doesn't break out its R&D spending, but Huberty bases part of the prediction on Apple's recent $1 billion investment in the China based ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing.

If Apple has indeed spent nearly $5 billion in automotive technology over the past few years, it would dwarf the $192 million the top 14 automakers have spent in additional R&D spending over the same period (the carmakers spent more than Apple in total, but only increased their spending by less than $200 million since 2013).

So why does this matter?

First, it's notable that at a time when the automotive industry is in a major upheaval with electric and autonomous autos, R&D spending hasn't changed much.

Second, it indicates that Apple is very committed to making the automotive market one of its key revenue segments, if not its top one.

Apple is betting on the $2.6 trillion "shared mobility" market -- according to Huberty and her team -- in which the company will offer cars-as-a-service, rather than selling them directly to individual consumers.

Herberty wrote that, "With Apple outspending the major auto OEMs on this opportunity, we believe Apple could gain at least 16 percent of the shared mobility market, similar to the company's share in smartphones today."

If that happens, then Apple's share of the cars-as-a-service market could bring the company $400 billion in annual revenue and $16 in earnings per share by 2030. That would easily top the $155 billion in revenue that the iPhone brought Apple in fiscal 2015.

If those numbers pan out, it would mean Apple's car sharing service (whatever that looks like) could end up replacing the iPhone as the company's dominant revenue steam.

Is this likely?

It's much more plausible that Apple's automotive prospects revolve around shared mobility, rather than selling cars directly to individuals. I think Apple would have a hard time selling a luxury electric or autonomous car directly to consumers, even with Apple's strong brand and marketing prowess.

It may sound implausible now that car service revenue could take the place of the iPhone's, but it's becoming increasingly clear that Apple needs a new device (or service) to eventually replace the one product that accounts for 64% of its total revenue.

Apple's iPhone sales slowed last quarter, and the company is having a hard time expanding into new smartphone markets like India. It's obvious the device can't keep Apple afloat indefinitely, and Apple's wisely investing in new areas to find the iPhone's eventual revenue replacement.

It's still early to tell if Apple is betting on the right technology, but if the rumors are true, we should start seeing Apple's car plans take shape over the next two years. And that's a good thing, considering that 10% of new cars sold in 2035 will be driverless. If Apple is betting on a car-as-a-service business, then now is definitely the time to develop the technology. Apple, Inc. Might Copy Samsung for a Change Here's something you don't see every day: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could take a page out of Samsung's playbook.

Over the past decade, there have been no shortage of headlines or prominent examples of the South Korean conglomerate borrowing ideas from Cupertino. Some examples are more blatant than others, but Samsung has indeed lived up to its fast-follower reputation in more ways than one. The somewhat anticlimactic culmination of this trend occurred years ago when Apple won a major $1 billion court victory over Samsung for patent infringement, although the case continues to go through appeals even to this day. CEO Tim Cook has since pulled back on Apple's litigation strategy, recognizing that the patent lawyers are the only real winners.

The iPhone maker might soon be looking to add a feature that Samsung pioneered first.

Rumor has it

IHS analyst Kevin Wang, who also recently suggested that Apple might finally ditch 16 GB iPhones, is now saying that Apple will incorporate a dual-curve OLED display in the 2017 iPhone. The display might wrap around both the left and right edges of the device, much like Samsung's new Galaxy S7 Edge.

Smartphone OEMs first experimented with curved displays in 2013 and 2014, starting with Samsung's Galaxy Round. Samsung has since continued to explore curved displays, which makes sense since Samsung is one of the biggest proponents of OLED displays, which are necessary for curved form factors.

However, the most recent Galaxy S7 Edge has had a mixed reception. While an improvement over the S6 Edge's implementation, it's still questionable how useful a curved display that wraps around the phone really is, particularly since curved models cost more than their non-curved counterparts.

Can Apple execute better than Samsung?

This is an area where Apple's strength in hardware/software integration will come into play. Software ultimately decides how useful the curved portion of the display is.

Samsung has been trying to add new functionalities to its version of Android. The early iterations only allowed users to view certain types of information, and now users can access various types of widgets and shortcuts. Samsung is extremely good at hardware, but less so at software.

Meanwhile, Apple excels at both hardware and software, although it is admittedly weak on the services front. Apple also has a history of innovating new types of intuitive interfaces. If Apple can come up with a better use case for the curved edges on a display for 2017, then the tech titan might just pull it off. 
2016-03-10
Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Likely to Feature Improved Second Generation 3D Touch It is well-known that Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) was instrumental to enabling the 3D Touch functionality present in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) current iPhone 6s/6s Plus flagship devices. In particular, according to Chipworks, Analog Devices supplies the controller chip for 3D Touch.

Ahead of its Feb. 17 earnings release, Analog Devices issued an updated outlook for its first fiscal quarter, warning investors that revenue would be lower than expected due to weaker-than-expected iPhone 6s/6s Plus sales.

What was particularly interesting is that Analog Devices, in conjunction with the lowered revenue outlook, also reported that its gross profit margins would take a hit as a result of an "inventory reserve associated with the updated revenue outlook."

I believe that this tells us something very interesting about Apple's next generation iPhones. In particular, I think there's a good chance that iPhone 7/7 Plus will feature a next generation 3D Touch functionality requiring a more advanced controller from Analog Devices.

How can we tell this?

According to BusinessDictionary.com, an "inventory reserve" is a "term that refers to a reserve used to account for inventory that is not sold at its cost."

Indeed, ahead of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus launch, Apple apparently ordered more components to support the build of more iPhone 6s/6s Plus phones than it was ultimately able to sell.

This is why many Apple suppliers have been talking about an "inventory correction" that's impacting their businesses in the March quarter; if Apple needs to take down its iPhone inventories, it's going to be ordering a lot fewer components than originally expected.

Analog Devices, in anticipation of a certain level of demand, appears to have "overbuilt" 3D Touch controllers for the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. This, according to Analog Devices CFO led them to reserve some of that inventory "for a possible disposal."

Although it's a bummer for Analog Devices that it overbuilt 3D Touch controllers for the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, the good news -- at least for Apple and its customers -- is that this strongly suggests that the current generation 3D Touch controllers won't be used in the iPhone 7-series phones.

After all, if Apple were planning to keep the same 3D Touch controllers, this "inventory reserve for a possible disposal" on Analog Devices' part wouldn't be necessary, would it? These parts could just be used in the iPhone 7-series phones.

Since comments from Analog Devices' management indicates that it will be in the next iPhone, it stands to reason that the iPhone 7/7 Plus will use meaningfully enhanced 3D Touch controllers from the chipmaker.

My bet? Multi-3D Touch

Updated 3D Touch controllers strongly suggest an improvement in functionality. By far the most obvious avenue of improvement -- and one that has been rumored in the press previously -- is the addition of multi-3D Touch functionality.

Although multi-3D Touch probably isn't a feature that, alone, could carry the iPhone 7/7 Plus to record sales, the inclusion of this feature coupled with a bunch of other enhancements across the phone could make for one heck of an upgrade. Will Apple Inc. Really Use Intel Corporation's Modems? Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) could supply LTE modems for some of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhones, according to several reports recently corroborated by CLSA Securities analyst Srini Pajjuri. The reports claim that Intel has assigned over 1,000 employees to prepare its 7360 LTE modem for the iPhone 7. The new modems will reportedly support downlink speeds up to 450 Mbps -- a 50% upgrade from the max speed of 300 Mbps for the LTE Advanced standard used in the iPhone 6s.

Pajjuri estimates that Intel will produce "30% to 40%" of all LTE modems for the iPhone 7. That could certainly hurt Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), which currently produces all of Apple's LTE modems. Pajjuri claims that the deal could respectively reduce Qualcomm's annual revenue and earnings estimates by 4% and 2%, while adding between 1.5% to 2% to Intel's revenue and earnings.

What this deal means for Qualcomm

Qualcomm's chipmaking business has been under pressure due to rising competition from lower-cost app processor and modem makers like MediaTek. Top smartphone makers like Samsung and Huawei also started using their own chips instead of Qualcomm's to tighten control of their supply chains and boost margins. Those problems caused Qualcomm's chipmaking revenue to fall 22% annually to $4.1 billion last quarter as the unit's operating profit plunged 49% to $590 million.

In its 10-K filing for fiscal 2015, Qualcomm admits that revenues from Samsung, top Apple contract manufacturer Foxconn, and other Apple suppliers together accounted for 45% of its top line. Each of those three groups generated "more than 10%" of its sales. Apple only buys Qualcomm's LTE modems, since it develops its own mobile processors. The vast majority of Qualcomm's LTE modems are installed in iPhones instead of iPads, since only the pricier cellular variants of the tablets have LTE connectivity.

Therefore, losing 30% to 40% of Apple's modem business to Intel might cause Qualcomm's annual revenue to fall 4%, as Pajjuri expects. A faster-than-expected decline in chipmaking revenues would also force Qualcomm to accelerate its expansion into non-mobile markets like connected cars, action cameras, drones, and data centers.

What this deal means for Intel

A deal with Apple could strengthen Intel's long-suffering mobile unit, which tried to regain mobile market share from ARM by subsidizing smartphone and tablet OEMs with "contra revenues." Through those agreements, Intel gave OEMs steep discounts on Atom chips, provided financial assistance in redesigning logic boards, and financed co-marketing deals.

Those costly strategies caused the mobile business to post an operating loss of $4.2 billion in 2014, compared to a loss of $3.1 billion in 2013. In 2015, Intel stopped reporting its mobile results separately and combined the business with the PC unit to create the "Client Computing" group. While that move obfuscated Intel's quarterly mobile losses, the unit remains deeply unprofitable. During last quarter's conference call (as transcribed by Thomson Reuters), Intel CFO Stacy Smith claimed that the unit's profitability improved by "almost $1 billion," indicating that it still lost over $3 billion in 2015. He also noted that the 7360 was still being sampled by OEMs.

If Intel is applying the same contra revenue strategy to modems, Apple's decision to buy Intel modems makes a lot of sense. The move would simultaneously reduce production costs, boost margins, and possibly pressure Qualcomm to offer Apple more favorable prices. However, that certainly isn't great for Intel, and suggests that Pajjuri's forecast for 1.5% to 2% revenue and earnings growth could be too optimistic.

Could a foundry deal be in the works?

Another reason for Apple to strengthen its relationship with Intel is access to its foundry, which Qualcomm lacks. Apple currently relies on TSMC (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung's foundries to fabricate its A-series chips. However, complaints that TSMC's A9 processors were more power efficient than Samsung's reportedly forced Apple to shift all A10 orders to TSMC instead.

Since Apple doesn't like depending on a single supplier like Qualcomm, it would be logical for Apple to split A-series fabrication between TSMC and Intel. Looking ahead, some analysts expect Apple to merge the A-series chip and LTE modem in a single SoC. If Apple doesn't want to develop its own modem from scratch, it could license the IP from Intel and source the fabrication to its foundry in an exclusive deal. Samsung recently secured a comparable foundry deal with Qualcomm in exchange for installing its Snapdragon 820 processors in its new flagship devices.

Let's not jump to conclusions

Although a potential deal with Apple sounds like good news for Intel investors, they shouldn't jump to conclusions. Neither company has made official announcements regarding the partnership, and contra revenues could be playing a part in this deal. Even if Apple pays full price for Intel modems, a 1% to 2% bump in earnings won't likely offset the chipmaker's ongoing declines in PC sales and slowing demand for data center chips. Is It Time to Load Up on Apple Inc. Stock? Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have rebounded a bit in recent days, with the shares now trading at just over $100 per share after spending the month of February solidly in the $90s. The stock appears to have gotten a boost from some good news around iPhone builds potentially not being as bad as feared.

Furthermore, Apple supplier Dialog Semiconductor (NASDAQOTH:DLGNF) recently guided to "single-digit" year-over-year revenue growth for 2016, something that an analyst with RBC Capital Markets reportedly thinks could represent "upside to June-[quarter] numbers for [Apple]."

With good news at least seemingly trickling in, is it time to pick up some Apple stock, particularly ahead of the iPhone 7 ramp?

The story so far

Going into the iPhone 6s cycle, there had been some trepidation about Apple not being able to top some very difficult compares relative to the iPhone 6/6 Plus cycle. However, it wasn't widely believed that Apple would see the sorts of year-over-year drops in iPhone that the company is set to experience beginning with the March quarter.

Right now, it would seem that just about everybody is bullish on the iPhone 7 cycle driving a return to growth in iPhone. After all, "new number" releases are generally bigger deals than "s" releases as the changes tend to be more noticeable to the average consumer.

For example, with the iPhone 6, Apple brought a massive overhaul in industrial design, introduced new, larger display sizes (with brand-new panels, to boot), added Apple Pay, included a much improved camera, and upgraded many internal components.

With the iPhone 6s, Apple added a new Touch ID fingerprint sensor, 3D Touch in the display, increased the camera sensor resolution, and improved the internals. It kept the display panels the same and the industrial design the same.

Come iPhone 7, we should see a lot of "obvious" improvements that should make the devices more exciting than the iPhone 6s series of phones were. It's not hard to see why the investment community is so enthused about the iPhone 7.

The big risk around iPhone 7

Apple blamed the macroeconomic environment for relatively weak iPhone sales in this fiscal year so far. If the iPhone 6s/6s Plus didn't sell all that well due simply to a poor macro, then a bet on Apple stock ahead of the iPhone 7 would seemingly be a bet on a recovery in the macroeconomic environment improving into and during the iPhone 7 cycle.

On top of that, if Apple fails to deliver a product that represents a massively compelling improvement over the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, then even in an improved macroeconomic environment, the iDevice maker may struggle to grow iPhone sales.

Not buying now, but keeping close tabs on what iPhone 7 will bring

As I've written previously, it likely won't be too much longer before key details of the iPhone 7 hit the Web. I'll be paying close attention to the details that leak out to see if the device has the potential to be something truly game changing or if it's an uninspired improvement upon what the iPhone 6/6s brought to the table over the last couple of generations.

If the iPhone 7 seems like a game changer, then I'd strongly consider picking up some Apple stock heading into this product cycle. If not, then I'll remain on the sidelines. In FBI encryption fight, Apple seeks Latino support When Apple sought to promote its music streaming service, it talked to the tech press. When it wanted to drum up interest in its new watch, it went to fashion magazines.

But as the iPhone maker defends its security technology and defies a court order in a terrorism case, it turned this week to a news outlet that surprised many: Univision.

Apple Inc.'s top-ranking Latino executive warned viewers of the Spanish language TV network on Wednesday that the FBI's demand for weaker security on iPhones could give investigators new surveillance powers, including in immigration cases.

The interview and other recent steps by the world's most valuable company suggest Apple is attempting to frame the contentious battle over encryption with key demographic groups, including older Americans and lawmakers, political experts said.

Apple is laying the foundation for what could be a years-long clash in the courts and legislative halls over whether its security tools can act as a permanent blockade to investigations. Polls show the issue divides the country. And many people are unsure of where they stand after a month of dueling statements from the FBI and Apple.

But broad public support may not be essential for the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant, assuming it can win over specific groups of voters whose support can sway elections, political strategists said. For example, the prospect of fervent Latino support for Apple's position could be enough to force Democratic politicians who rely on the Latino vote to rethink backing the FBI.

That might explain why Eddy Cue, Apple senior vice president of Internet software and services, told Univision that Latinos should be very concerned about any law that gives the government broad access to personal information.

 Because where does this stop?  Cue said in Spanish.  In a divorce case? In an immigration case? In a tax case with the IRS? Someday, someone will be able to turn on a phone's microphone. This should not happen in this country. 

Univision's Spanish-speaking audience wasn't targeted for any particular reason, according to a person familiar with Apple's thinking who spoke on the condition of anonymity. But experts had little doubt that Cue's mention of immigration represented a deliberate attempt to extend some Latinos' fears about the government to the FBI's position on encryption. His comment came in response to a question about whether Latinos should be  especially concerned,  given that many are immigrants.

Bringing up immigration was a  marvelous stroke,  said Mike Madrid, a Republican strategist who is an expert in Latino politics.  Once there's a sentiment that the federal government could crack into phones to see who's in the country legally or illegally, that's a line in the sand. 

Apple executives have said they want Congress to decide whether tech companies may develop products and services that authorities can't unlock without a user's consent. The company prefers stronger security, but law enforcement agencies fear being shut out as technology now holds clues in nearly every case.

The FBI has tried to limit the issue to one case: the San Bernardino terrorism investigation. Apple has refused to obey a court order asking its engineers to develop software that would remove security barriers the FBI says prevent it from unlocking an iPhone belonging to one of the attackers.

Cue told Univision the problem is that the demands from the FBI will only escalate.

 When they can get us to create a new system to do new things, where will it stop?  Cue said in Spanish, warning someday authorities may ask Apple to tap someone's iPhone camera.

Apple's argument, first laid out a month ago in an open letter signed by Chief Executive Tim Cook, hasn't changed.

But the company appears to be moving its public relations campaign to new forums to further its message.

Cook, in his first network TV appearance since a wide-ranging discussion on  60 Minutes  in December, gave an exclusive interview to ABC, whose broad, older viewership is more likely to vote than Apple's enthusiastic young fans, experts said.

Then last weekend, Apple Senior Vice President Craig Federighi wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post, a widely read outlet among lawmakers. He called hampering the growth of security measures  a serious mistake  because it would make everyone's devices vulnerable.

 They are not taking any prisoners in this,  said Larry Gerston, a professor emeritus of political science at San Jose State.  Apple feels this is a threat to their business, whether a threat to their customers, their values or both. They don't want to wait for the threat to come to them, they want to bat it down before it gets to them. 

Experts described this week's Univision interview as part of a conscious Apple strategy because, as Republican political consultant Reed Galen said,  Nobody chooses Univision by accident. 

Alex Ontiveros, a social media consultant and publisher of a Latino news website in Silicon Valley, said he couldn't remember the last time Univision received special access from Apple.

But such support could be pivotal in this instance in part because Latinos are more likely to rely on mobile phones to access the Internet than other Americans. They own more devices and spend more time using them than the average consumer, according to Nielsen.

If Apple can't get smartphone users to support its stance, it could face a greater challenge convincing lawmakers and judges that the company's interests mirror those of its customers.

Apple also risks provoking outrage from Republicans, including GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump, who side with the FBI and desire more stringent enforcement of immigration laws.

But targeting additional communities is worth the risk, experts contend. They suggest Apple could generate more conversation around encryption among young voters, who spend hours a day with their digital devices but have mixed views on privacy.

African Americans and conservatives skeptical about federal overreach could be rich sources of support as well. Already, several black rights groups have filed briefs in support of Apple in the San Bernardino case, which will bring the company and the FBI to court March 22. A recent Pew survey didn't have a large enough sample size to offer a breakdown for the Latino community, but the survey did find non-Hispanic blacks were slightly more likely to back Apple over the FBI than non-Hispanic white people.

Vital also is maintaining the backing of tech peers, including archrival Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google.

 Between conservative-minded libertarians, minority communities and the tech community, I think you can build one heck of a coalition,  Galen said. The tech community especially, he said,  when they decide they want to engage, they can create a big amount of noise in a hurry,  citing battles in recent years over Internet regulations, corporate taxes and online piracy. 
2016-04-26
Has Apple Inc. Already Made 1 Huge Mistake With Its Secret Car Project? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has yet to reveal -- or even acknowledge it's working on -- an electric car, but it may have already made one big blunder with its secretive project. Last week, German finance publication Handelsblatt said that Apple's talks with both BMW (NASDAQOTH:BAMXF) and Daimler (NASDAQOTH:DDAIY) (NASDAQOTH:DDAIF) have both fallen through.

Since late last year we knew that Apple and BMW weren't exactly seeing eye-to-eye, but we didn't know that talks had completely ended. We also didn't know that Daimler is reportedly finished with the Apple car discussions as well.

So why does this matter? Well, Apple is planning to debut its electric car sometime in 2019, according to The Wall Street Journal, but before it can do so it needs to find a company that will actually build the car. And as of right now, it appears it doesn't have that little detail nailed down.

Just like the company's iPhone, iPad, Watch, and iMac, Apple designs all of its devices, the software, and the internal specs, but it doesn't manufacture them. The same will be true if, and when, Apple releases its car. So not having a manufacturer at this point -- and seemingly taking two huge carmakers out of the running -- isn't exactly reassuring news for Apple investors.

What happened?

According to Handelsblatt, both carmakers had a disagreement with Apple on who would be in charge of the customer data that an Apple car would produce. New cars collect massive amounts of data and questions around who owns the data, how secure and private it is, and whether or not it can be bought and sold still remain.

Apple reportedly wanted to have 100% control over customer data from the car (no surprise there) and store it all in its iCloud servers. That doesn't sound all that unreasonable considering the company's car would likely be an Apple product, and not Daimler's or BMW's.

To make matters worse, Apple, Daimler, and BMW reportedly couldn't come to an agreement over who would actually lead the car project.

Why Apple may be making a mistake

We don't know all of the details, of course, but I understand why Apple would want data from its cars stored on its own cloud servers. Apple keeps a very close relationship with its customers, and it typically doesn't like anyone else claiming ownership of its customers' information.

But having said that, I think Apple runs the risk of both alienating itself from the automotive market, and losing potential manufacturers, if it takes too strong of an approach on this issue. Remember, Apple is anything but a dominant force in autos, and it needs the expertise of automotive manufacturers in order to successfully pull off a car.

Apple is used to having the upper hand when it comes to getting manufacturers to build its popular devices, but the same isn't true for an Apple car. Instead, the company needs to be much more open to a collaborative enterprise, where it doesn't have complete control, so that it can find a manufacturer willing to take on such a big (and risky) project.

Handelsblatt mentioned that Apple is in talks with the Canadian-Austrian automotive manufacturing company, Magna Steyr. But we don't know yet how far along talks are between Apple and Magna, or if it's even in relation to building Apple's car.

If there is one thing that's starting to become clear from all of this, it's that the road to an Apple car will be anything but smooth. Apple Forecasts Second Sales Drop as iPhone Woes Deepen Apple Inc. s streak of 51 consecutive quarters of uninterrupted sales growth is over -- and its expansion may not resume until late this year.

A boom in demand for smartphones, music players and other electronic devices propelled Apple s annual revenue by $227 billion in the 13 years since the last quarterly drop, resulting in a skyrocketing stock price that made Apple the world s most valuable company.

QuickTake Apple

That era of untrammeled expansion hit a wall in the quarter that ended in March as fewer people upgraded to the latest iPhones, and the company is predicting another decline in the current period.

With the introduction of a new model still months away, Apple investors are seeking answers on whether lackluster sales of the device, the company s biggest revenue generator, reflect a broader slowdown in the market for high-end smartphones -- or just the pause before the next upgrade frenzy. Forecasts from suppliers such as Qualcomm Inc. and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. have suggested demand is cooling, and stalled economic growth in China is paring Apple s sales in that region.

 I see nothing on the horizon from a component or a technology perspective that s going to drive these major upgrades,  Bob O Donnell, chief analyst at TECHnalysis Research LLC, said in a televised interview on Bloomberg West.  We re going to see people hold onto these things longer, just like we saw with PCs. 

Second-quarter sales slid 13 percent to $50.6 billion from $58 billion a year earlier, the company said Tuesday in a statement. That compared with the average analyst estimate of $52 billion. Net income declined to $10.5 billion, and IPhone shipments fell 16 percent. Sales in the third quarter, which ends in June, will be $41 billion to $43 billion, Apple said. On average, analysts estimated revenue of $47.4 billion, according to a Bloomberg survey.

The smartphone market  is currently not growing,  Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said a conference call.  That s an overhang of the macroeconomic environment in many places in the world. 

The stock dropped as much as 8.3 percent to $95.68 Wednesday morning and was trading at $96.92 at 10:07 a.m. in New York. Concerns about decelerating smartphone demand have contributed to an almost 20 percent decline in Apple shares in the past 12 months. The stock fell less than 1 percent to $104.35 at Tuesday s close in New York. That gave Apple a market capitalization of about $579 billion -- still the world s largest company by that measure.

Growth Streak

The last time Apple s quarterly profit dropped compared with the same period a year earlier was in the second quarter of fiscal 2003, when it cited higher expenditures on developing new products. The introduction of the iTunes Store the following quarter was the starting point for surging iPod growth, which would ultimately birth the iPhone four years later.

The Cupertino, California-based company on Tuesday also said it will boost its share-repurchase program to $175 billion, from the $140 billion announced last year. Apple will increase its quarterly dividend, as it did a year ago, to 57 cents a share from 52 cents.

The second-quarter report showed that Apple is no longer able to count on China as a growth engine. Sales in that country, Taiwan and Hong Kong fell 26 percent in the period, a major shift from just a couple of years ago, when sales in the region were more than doubling with regularity. Apple attributed the decline primarily to lower sales in Hong Kong, where the local currency peg with the U.S. dollar made products more expensive to visitors.

 China is particularly worrisome for Apple because it has risen quite quickly to become Apple s second-most important region,  said Brian Blau, a San Francisco-based analyst at Gartner Inc.  That makes us wonder what the issue is, whether it s a temporary issue or whether it s going to be something longer-term. 

IPhone sales in the recent period fell to 51.2 million from 61.2 million a year earlier. Analysts on average had predicted the company would sell 50.7 million iPhones in the quarter, according to a Bloomberg survey.

Legal Battles

The quarterly report is Apple s first since a high-profile legal skirmish with the U.S. government over data privacy, encryption and law enforcement. The U.S. dropped two separate demands that the company help it break passcodes to get data from the iPhones used by a drug dealer in New York and a shooter in a December terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. Apple had vehemently fought against both orders, saying that helping the government would jeopardize security for hundreds of millions of users and the cases could pose a dangerous precedent for law enforcement agencies  access to encrypted iPhone data. The Department of Justice had argued it only wanted access to specific phones in limited instances, and abandoned the two cases after finding alternate methods for unlocking the phones in question.

As iPhone sales slow, Apple investors are increasingly asking what might fuel the company s next growth spurt. A number of possibilities have surfaced: virtual reality gear, a self-driving car or a live television service, for example. Yet Apple s secretive approach to development makes it hard to predict when, in what form, or even if any of these innovations will someday surface.

Virtual reality gained headlines back in January, when Cook said VR wasn t a  niche  and had some  interesting applications.  Meanwhile the potential allure of the automotive industry for Apple and other technology companies has been highlighted in recent weeks as Tesla secured more than 325,000 pre-orders for its latest electric car in a matter of days.

Seeking Acquisitions

As growth slows, Cook said Apple may look to acquisitions to speed up product development or help the company enter new product categories. Apple has made 15 acquisitions over the past 12 months, most of them small. "We re always looking," Cook said.

Analyst project sales will be little changed in the fiscal fourth quarter, which ends in September, and on average they predict sales growth of 4 percent in the last three months of the year, when a new version of the full-sized iPhone is likely to be on the market.

In the meantime, the company has been adding to its product line. In March, the company rolled out the new iPhone SE, partially seen as a move to bolster sales in emerging economies such as India and China. Yet analysts cautioned that the smaller phone, starting at $399 in the U.S., could risk cannibalizing sales of the more expensive flagship 6-series handsets, and may reduce the average price at which Apple sells its phones.

Price Impact

The lower price point of the iPhone SE is one of the main reasons for Apple s lower-than-projected third-quarter sales forecast, Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in an interview. The company has been unable to manufacture enough iPhone SEs to meet demand, he added.

 Every time we launch a new product we know there is an element of overlap,  Maestri said.  We look at the opportunity to attract the first-time smartphone buyers. 

Last month Apple also unveiled a new, smaller iteration of the iPad Pro, incorporating the power and some features of its larger Pro model for business users, aimed at stemming a persistent decline in sales of the tablet. IPad shipments in the recent quarter fell 19 percent from a year earlier to 10.3 million, topping analysts  average projection of 9.4 million.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

To help make up for dwindling growth in smartphones and other devices in the shorter term, Apple has been trying to bolster its services business, which includes its iCloud storage platform, Apple Music and the App Store. Not only is the profit margin wider on these offerings, buying them usually commits customers to subscription services that generate stable recurring revenue streams over months or years. Services was a bright spot in the second quarter, with revenue jumping 20 percent.

Sales of Mac computers declined 12 percent to 4.03 million units, less than estimates of 4.6 million.

Watch Next: Here's Why Apple Has a Big iPhone Problem Apple Becomes the Dow's Worst Performer Apple Inc. s fourth post-earnings plunge of the last five quarters has handed the iPhone maker a distinction it could do without, making it the Dow Jones Industrial Average s worst performer since it entered the gauge a year ago.

The decline in Apple, hovering at almost 6 percent, extended its loss since being added to the 120-year-old stock measure to 23 percent. That eclipses a 19 percent drop for American Express Co. since March 18, 2015.

The timing of the Apple s addition and its subsequent decline continues a frustrating pattern for owners of Dow stocks, said Richard Moroney of Horizon Investment Services LLC in Hammond, Indiana.  By the time they put a company in, sentiment toward the stock is already pretty bullish and sometimes that coincides with the bloom coming off the rose. 

Weakness upon entering the Dow is nothing new. Since 1999, 16 stocks have been added, returning a median 0.8 percent in their first 12 months of membership. That gain was about 8 percentage points worse than the rest of the market over the comparable period.

Apple s year-to-date decline extended to more than 6 percent, pushing its price-earnings ratio to roughly half the Nasdaq 100 Index s 22. The drop will extend the Cupertino, California-based company s decrease since its February 2015 record to almost 26 percent, leaving it firmly ensconced in bear market territory.

Apple s $2 billion of 4.375 percent bonds due 2025 dropped to 103.9 cents on the dollar from 105.5 cents Tuesday, according to Trace, the bond-price reporting system of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The notes were trading as high as 108.8 cents on April 20.

The fall in Apple s stock ranks among the worst single-day declines for the shares since the bull market began. The only time they fell more since 2009 were an 8 percent drop after reporting results in January 2014 and a 12 percent plummet in January 2013.

Apple reported its first quarterly revenue contraction in more than a decade on Tuesday and forecast another decline in its next results. The share plunge erases $42 billion in the company s total value -- more than the market capitalization for about 80 percent of the Standard & Poor s 500 index s constituents.

Watch Next: Here's Why Apple Has a Big iPhone Problem

Here's Why Apple Has a Big iPhone Problem

While Apple may be at a crossroads and in need of a way to revive revenue growth, few would argue that it doesn t belong in the Dow, Moroney said.  The keepers of the Dow would say they re taking a long-term view and they still expect Apple to be a leading company,  he said. Why TSMC Is Likely to Win the 2017-2019 Apple Inc. iPhone Chip Business It has been widely reported that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has chosen Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd (NYSE:TSM), commonly referred to as TSMC, to manufacture its next generation A10 processor. Although there have not been reports around whether the Taiwan-based chipmaker has won Apple's next generation A11, A12, and A13 business, I believe it will.

I will also go a step further and argue that not only will TSMC be "looped in" for the A11 and A12, but I believe that TSMC will win those processors exclusively. Here's why.

The 10-nanometer A11

According TSMC co-CEO Mark Liu on the company's fourth quarter earnings call, TSMC intends to start the 10-nanometer node with "a very high market share" and the company "intend[s] not to lose it." I suspect that Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) will go with Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) exclusively at the 10-nanometer node, so in order for TSMC to have "very high" share, it's probably necessary for it to win virtually all of the Apple business at this node.

The 7-nanometer A12, A13

TSMC has made it clear that it intends to go into mass production on what it refers to as the 7-nanometer node in the first half of 2018. This technology is expected to deliver improved performance/power consumption over the 10-nanometer node while at the same time delivering a roughly 1.6x improvement in logic density.

A Samsung rep, on the other hand, told EETimes that "10 [nanometer] will be a much longer node than other foundries are claiming it will be. We think 7 [nanometer] has to be defined and optimized to be cost effective to the masses, not just the high margin products."

It is likely that Samsung's "10-nanometer" and TSMC's "10-nanometer" nodes will be comparable in terms of transistor area (TSMC reportedly claims that its 10-nanometer will be denser, though).

Interestingly Samsung seems to be planning for two variants of 10-nanometer, one known as 10LPE (an early version with lower performance) and 10LPP (a later one with greater performance). I suspect that Samsung will transition to 10LPP by the time TSMC moves to 7nm. Even if Samsung matches TSMC's 7-nanometer in transistor performance with a move to 10LPP, TSMC should have significantly lower transistor area, allowing chip designers to pack more into a given chip footprint.

This apparent technology superiority on TSMC's part in the 2018-2019 time-frame leads me to believe that Apple will choose TSMC for both the A12 and the A13.

If I'm right, this is good for TSMC

Apple brings a lot of volume to the table, and if TSMC can capture the bulk of, if not all of, it, then TSMC should have a "guaranteed" large customer for its latest manufacturing technologies for several years to come. This should allow the company to more confidently invest in research and development for future technologies beyond even the 7-nanometer node.

The research and development spending required to fund future technologies is only going to go up from here, which means that the financial bar to continue funding future technologies will only continue to go up. My view is that TSMC should be set for the foreseeable future, but Samsung Foundry -- even though it appears to have its own captive volumes and Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) volumes -- is on shaky ground. Why Apple Could Layoff Between 25000 And 30000 Of 115000 Employees By End Of Year Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has recently been laying off around 100 contract and full-time recruiters, but Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry believes this is just the tip of the iceberg for Apple layoffs. Chowdhry estimates that Apple will cut between 25,000 and 30,000 of its 115,000 employees by the end of 2016.

Chowdhry is extremely critical of Apple management and blames them for a  Bozo Explosion  among Apple employees.

 [The] Apple Executive team has zero vision, zero passion and zero insights and the Trio-Bozos (CEO Tim Cook, CFO Luca Maestri and Head of Retail Angela Ahrendts) need to be replaced soon before irreparable damage is done to Apple,  Chowdry explained.

Related Link: Why Q1 Earnings Season Has Been More Bullish Than It May Seem

He predicts that the United States will soon enter into a recession and that the technology sector alone will issue more than 369,000 layoffs by the end of the year.

Not An Unprecedented Move This Year

Just this month, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) announced 12,000 layoffs, and both Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and NetApp Inc. (NASDAQ: NTAP) have each cut more than 1,500 employees this year.

Chowdhry believes the U.S. Federal Reserve is out of touch with the reality of the U.S. economic situation and blasts Vice Chairman Stanley Fisher for his insistence on raising interest rates.

Chowdhry says the tech world is becoming far more efficient and less employees will be needed to do the same amount of work.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Angela Ahrendts Global Equities ResearchAnalyst Color Top Stories Federal Reserve Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple hints at big acquisition to cure growth ills Apple Inc. detailed its first decline in iPhone sales Tuesday, part of an earnings report that broke up more than a decade of continued growth for the tech giant. To cure Apple s growth problems, Chief Executive Tim Cook suggested he may go shopping.

Cook said Tuesday that Apple AAPL, -0.53% had acquired 15 companies in the past four quarters, though it appears none were material enough for Apple to inform investors about individually. That could change, though, as the Apple CEO admitted that he is open to a large acquisition.

 We re always looking in the market about things that could complement things that we do today, become features in something we do, or allow us to accelerate entry into a category that we re excited about,  Cook said, adding later,  We would definitely buy something larger than we bought thus far. 

Apple has never been a very acquisitive company, especially when compared with other Silicon Valley tech giants like Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% or Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% Apple s largest acquisition in its history was the $3 billion purchase of headphone maker Beats Electronics LLC in 2014, and most of Apple s other purchases have not come close to that total.

With that in mind, Cook s statement Tuesday turned some heads.

 They haven t said as much publicly before, so that s the real change,  JackDaw research analyst Jan Dawson said.

While Apple s strong cash position seemingly puts it in position to buy whatever it wants, that cash is not as available to the company as some suggest. In addition, Apple committed another $50 billion to dividends and stock buybacks Tuesday, pushing its total shareholder return program to a whopping $250 billion, though the company could use some of the stock it is buying back in an acquisition instead of cash.

Dawson suggested that Apple s budget for a potential large acquisition would be in the range of $5 billion to $10 billion, and even that price might be difficult when targeting a company based in the United States. With much of Apple s cash overseas, the company might have to borrow money to fund a deal of that size, which it is already doing to finance the billions it is sending back to investors.

 Anything larger would obviously be even more challenging, unless the asset is in an overseas market where they have cash locally,  Dawson said.

Apple could be in the market for a wide range of companies that would potentially help out in growth areas while fitting into the perceived budget. For instance, Fitbit Inc. FIT, -2.01% finished Tuesday with a market capitalization of less than $5 billion, and offers wearables with a wider price range than the Apple Watch. On the enterprise side, which Apple has made a focus, a company like Box Inc. BOX, +1.74%   worth $1.6 billion at the close of Tuesday trading   could offer a business-focused complement to Apple s iCloud. And the startup market could be ripe for deals as unicorns struggle to find funding at higher valuations.

No matter what course Cook takes with Apple to repair its growth issues, he wants everyone to know that he is optimistic about the iPhone maker s future. After uttering some form of the word  optimism  three times in the previous five earnings calls, Apple s CEO said it nine times on Tuesday.

 We re very optimistic that this too shall pass, and that the market   and particularly us   will grow again,  Cook said. 
2016-03-22
Apple Computer's IPO I'm a big fan of history and business. Combine both of them and you have quite a passion. While reading on what makes companies into multi-baggers, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) came up. I started researching old documents on Apple Inc. which eventually led to the IPO. I wanted to know, what at the time, made Apple a multi-bagger. Multi-bagger is a term popularized by Peter Lynch, author of One Up on Wall-Street and a manager at the Magellan Fund at Fidelity Investments from 1977 to 1990. Peter Lynch often uses the term "10-bagger," which is when a stock goes up 10 times in value. I hope I'm not shocking anyone by stating the fact that Apple qualifies as a multi-bagger. Actually Apple is a multi, multi-bagger. My research led me to the Apple IPO, which was pretty interesting itself. So I decided to make an article out of it to share some of my research and findings. I might write an article on multi-bagger companies later. At today's price of $105, Apple is a 205-bagger plus from 1990 to today, without dividends. For those who observed Apple's share price from outside, the stock performance seemed to be an unbeatable machine. However, a closer look would reveal that it wasn't always a fantastic engine.

In 1977, Apple Computer (now known as Apple, Inc.) was a very different company and Steve Jobs was a very different entrepreneur. Apple had its IPO in 1980 which I review in detail below. By looking at Apple's stock price today, around ~$105 post-split, investing in Apple at the beginning would have looked like a no-brainer. You always hear people saying that if they bought Company X when it first came out, they would have been multi-millionaires today. The real story for early Apple investors, however, wasn't all sunshine and rainbows. This is not your classic "buy and hold" fairy tale. If you would have bought Apple at the beginning and held on to it, you would have been clinically depressed for a good part of your life, unless you get joy out of pain. I did open my article by mentioning that Apple is a multi-bagger, but you needed an 80% loss twice in order to get it.

First, let's start with the IPO then I will walk you through the performance history.

The Successful IPO

*Price per share mentioned are pre-splits numbers unless mentioned otherwise.

Source: Clipping from The New-York Times, December 15, 1980 - By Vartanig G. Vartan - Business - Print Headline: "New Stocks Drawing Intense Investor Interest"

I like how the clipping above had to mention that Apple was a Californian company that makes personal computers. For part of the research, I have to thank the Computer History Museum and The New York Times archives for my research. The Computer History Museum has two special documents from Apple Computer during the early days of personal computing. The first is the Preliminary Confidential Offering Memorandum - a document supporting a private placement of funds for Apple before the IPO. The document also contains the product and marketing plan. Computer History Museum CEO John Hollar noted the plan also "goes to great lengths to explain why anyone would even want a personal computer (e.g., forecasting eight reasons "that indeed, by 1985, a household using a computer will have significant advantages over one that doesn't"), and that every single competitor listed is no longer in the PC business." And if you are really interested, the second document is the Preliminary Macintosh Business Plan, which is post-IPO.

Source: Apple's Preliminary Confidential Offering Memorandum

Apple Computer Inc., now renamed Apple Inc., had its IPO (prospectus) more than thirty-five years ago, on December 12, 1980, with 4.6 million shares priced at $22 ($0.39 a share post-split). Since then the stock has split four times, including three 2-for-1 splits (1987, 2000, 2005) and recently one 7-for-1 split (2014). That means your 100 shares would have multiplied into 5,600 shares today, or 56 times your original holding. Apple raised $101 million. Apple sold 7.4% of the company of the 54.2 million shares outstanding at the time. On that day, the Dow soared 21.59 points to 958.79, staging its biggest one-day rally since spring 1980. The Dow jumped because of a surprise half-point reduction in the prime rate by Wells Fargo to 20.5%! (Yes, you read that correctly, interest rates were extremely high back then, don't ever forget that it could happen again).

During fiscal year 1980, Apple had sales of $118 million, up from 774k in 1977. Earnings also came at $11.7 million, or EPS of $0.24, compared with $41,575 or EPS of $0.01 in 1977. Now, think of how much Apple makes every minute. In 2015, Apple had sales of $233.7 billion and $53 billion in net income. Apple had a second offering of 2.6 million shares that quickly sold out in May 1981.

I found old news clipping below from The New York Times archives on Apple's IPO.

Source:The New York Times, December 13, 1980. First Business Page, Part 1.

Source:The New York Times, December 13, 1980. Page 3 of the Business Page, Part 2.

Source: The New-York Times, Business Digest, Saturday, December 13, 1980.

As the article states, the IPO was a major success. The shares jumped immediately to $29, peaked at $29.25, and closed at $28.75. The offering happened to be the largest IPO in 15 years at the time since Comsat (side note: Comsat is the same company that owned the Denver Nuggets from 1989 to 2000, and bought the NHL Quebec Nordiques and moved them to Denver as the Colorado Avalanche. Comsat was acquired by Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT)). The original offering was estimated at between $14 and $17, but due to strong demand was raised to $20 and $22.

An interesting detail in the article is that the SEC went after a broker because he told clients that the stock would double or triple in value after they bought it. If the SEC was successful in the suit, it would have given the stockholders their money back. I have no clue how it turned out. "After they bought it" is a very subjective term. "After they bought it" the next day, or "after they bought it" in a couple years as a buy and hold strategy. Apple definitely more than tripled, but it depends what time frame you are referring to. Also, Apple's IPO wasn't available in 20 states like Massachusetts because it was considered "too risky." According to a state spokesman, Apple's book value was well below that state's required 20% of stock price. Based on $22 a share, Apple was selling at 9.65% book value. Basically, under Massachusetts regulation at the time, the share could be sold no more than $11.50 each. In addition, Massachusetts limited stock prices to 25x price to earnings for the most recent fiscal years. That means Apple would have had to price its IPO at $5.50 a share to meet state requirements. A lot of other states had strict laws on new issues, which prevented Apple from offering the stock.

Since 1980, it seems that investors' attitude toward lofty price-to-earnings ratios for young promising technology companies didn't change much. Investors back then were looking for the next hot issue, or then called "Xeroxes," named after the company Xerox (XRX), an original Nifty-Fifty glamour stock in the early 1970s. This was one year after the famous 1979 cover of BusinessWeek titled, "The Death of Equities" (which eventually proved a vivid contrary indicator). Apple was selling well above 100x P/E, or about 50x 1981's earnings of an estimated 60 cents per share. You can say that Apple "grew" into its multiple. To better understand the context, Robert Metz from the New York Times reported this in his article:

"Consider Apple Computer, surely one of the Horatio Alger stories of our time. This young company specializes in the manufacture and sale of computer terminals for home use. At a time when experts are predicting a terminal in every home, Apple has captured the imagination of Wall Street and the investing public as well."

Experts predicting a terminal in every home  And there's more:

 Apple Computer, a small company relative to most listed on the New York Stock Exchange, is carrying a total market capitalization of $2 billion, or more than Warner-Lambert's $1.8 billion or St. Regis Paper's $1.1 billion, though not quite so much as Sony's $3.3 billion. A professional investor who is not at liberty to be quoted finds Apple seriously overpriced and compares it with its rival, Tandy. He notes that Apple's computer terminals are sold through independent retail stores that offer the terminals of competitors as well. Meanwhile, Tandy has 7,000 of its own stores, including 125 that offer computers only. -From Market Place; What Price Technology? By Robert Metz Published: January 28, 1981 in The New York Times.

First, I honestly had to google Tandy and it turns out to be a pretty long story, according to Wikipedia. Tandy was a leather goods store that ended up acquiring RadioShack (RSH) in 1963. Well, I'm familiar with RadioShack since it's my favorite place to go every time I need a soldering iron. Tandy was one of three companies (along with Commodore International and Apple) that started the personal computer revolution in 1977. It was reported that at the time of the IPO, Apple lagged behind Tandy in sales of personal computers. We know how this story ends. Apple is now worth $588 billion and RadioShack filed for Chapter 11. However, RadioShack has a slight advantage over the Apple store, you don't need to wait in line at the cash register to get an Apple charger.

As to the other companies mentioned in the clipping above, Warner-Lambert was a pharmaceutical company that was acquired by Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) and St. Regis Paper's was acquired by The Champion International Corporation in 1984.

Below is an enlargement of the news clip above. As you can see, Steve Jobs is the largest shareholder followed by A.C. Markkula Jr., who provided early financing of $250,000 to Apple. Venrock is the venture capital arm of the Rockerfeller family. There's one name in particular that caught my attention. That's Henry E. Singleton, the co-founder of Teledyne Inc., one of America's most successful conglomerates. He's also featured in the outstanding book, the Outsiders by William Thorndike, which highlights master capital allocators. Mr. Singleton happened to be a director of the company and was a primary financial backer of the company in 1977.

Source: The New York Times, December 13, 1980. First Business Page, Part 1.

Beside Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, a little-known fact is that Apple had a third co-founder, his name was Ron Wayne. Mr. Wayne was twice as old as both Steves and was supposed to be the "adult" in the newly formed partnership. However, two weeks later, he sold his 10% stake in the company for $800 and then put all his savings in gold. Bloomberg documented the episode. He also drew the first company logo, depicting Sir Isaac Newton sitting beneath an apple tree.

Apple Computer's first logo. 1977.

Performance

Below are a few charts on the performance of Apple. The first is Apple's all-time performance.

AAPL data by YCharts

The chart above has 35 years of data. As you can see, Apple's monstrous gain happened in the last ten years. For a 205x bagger, the company looked mostly uninvestable for the large majority of its existence.

Below I zoomed in on the 1980s to have a closer look.

AAPL data by YCharts

In the '80s, Apple was working hard at piercing the market and coming out with new products. It was going head to head with tough competition such as IBM (NYSE:IBM). Apple II was a success but Apple III didn't turn out too well and was discontinued in 1984. As promising as it looked, the Lisa computer also was a flop. In 1984, we saw the debut of the Macintosh, the "people's computer." The Macintosh had strong sales but the company was struggling with internal problems. In 1985, a boardroom showdown got Steve Jobs ousted from the company. Jobs and several other executives left and founded a new computer company called NeXT Inc., which would later be an Apple competitor. The second half of the decade was marked by expansion, operational problems and a reorganization. The stock still managed much higher than its IPO price of $0.39, adjusted for splits.

AAPL data by YCharts

Through much of the 1990s, Apple's shares went nowhere, until 1999. You have to remember that Apple was at one point on the verge of bankruptcy. Apple suffered from mismanagement as one CEO after another faltered miserably. In 1997, Steve Jobs came back to rescue the company. When he returned to the company 12 years after being ousted by the board, Apple had run up $1.86 billion in losses over two years. Apple was 90 days away from bankruptcy, Jobs would later say. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), of all the companies, had to come to Apple's rescue with a $150 million investment (YouTube). In 1998, the iMac came out and Apple finally turned a profit. Investors took notice as the chart above demonstrates.

AAPL data by YCharts

In 2001, the iPod first Generation was released and you know the rest of the story. Then came the iPods, iPads, iPhones, iMacs, iBooks, iTunes and the Apple Stores. It's labeled as one of the greatest comebacks in corporate history. The rewards were high, so was the risk.

The turning point in the stock chart is in 2004 when the stock started its exponential meteoric rise. The year also coincided with iTunes turning one-year-old and grabbing 70% market share of legal downloaded music. In 2007, Apple hit another homerun with the release of the iPhone that dethroned BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) for smartphone market share. The iPhone revolutionized the mobile industry. The iPhone became Apple's most profitable product and brought the company great gains.

Conclusion

The verdict here is that even though it's easy to point out at how much money you would have made with your Apple shares, it's not the example to use when bringing up the "buy and hold" strategy. Apple should be categorized in the best turnaround situation. Unless you were a MacAddict (remember those), investors didn't really have any business investing in Apple until around 2004. From 1980 to today, Apple wasn't an attractive buy and hold considering what investors had to go through for the first twenty years. It's only really in the last 15 years and mostly near the mid-2000s that it was really worth buying and sitting on the shares. Steve Jobs had to come back and restructure the company before it became investable.

Apple managed to reinvent itself into a much better company, one of the most regarded in the world. Apple released must-have products before customers would even know they would want it. Innovation and thinking differently has been a key component in Apple's second coming.

It's amazing how much technology has changed. Normally, Apple would be considered "old tech," up there with IBM, Xerox (NYSE:XRX) and HP (NYSE:HPQ), among others. But Apple has been able to reinvent itself into one most admirable companies, right there with the "new tech" guys like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Apple went from super cool (late '70s-'80s), to near death ('90s), back to super cool (~2000s-now). Apple is one of the companies that reshaped the world we live in. What's next for Apple? With all due respect to Tim Cook, Steve Jobs was irreplaceable. How different (and inferior) would our technology be today if Steve Jobs had not shepherded the development of the iPod, iPhone, iPad and iTunes store? Other than updating the legacy products (phone, tablets, etc.), Apple hasn't released a new slam dunk product. There's something to do with wearable devices but it's more of a gadget for now. During the '90s, Microsoft Windows took over the world and it looked unmovable from its throne. Like I said, technology can change really fast. Change happens gradually, but it will look as if it happened suddenly. Apple is doing well in the short-run without Steve Jobs - it's the long run that's more uncertain. Apple almost went extinct, so it probably knows better than anybody how important it is to innovate. For the last decade, Apple has been about releasing the best products and creating new markets where there wasn't a demand before. Will it be able to do that same thing in 10 years or will it play catch up like Microsoft did in the 2000s?

I hope you enjoyed this little piece of IPO history. Here's Why 'Applewood' Is So Important Citi analyst Jim Suva attributes Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s pricing strategy of lowering the iPhone SE price point to $399 as "clearly intended to gain more share in the emerging markets," specifically in India and the rest of Asia-Pacific, where 80 percent of unit sales are comprised of phones with prices below $400.

"We refer to this as the premiere of 'Applewood' (India focused push by Apple to showcase it can price and gain material share). We anticipate additional pricing adjustments when they launch iPhone 7," Suva wrote in a note to clients.

Related Link: These 2 Firms Say iPhone SE And iPad Pro Won't Drive Significant Sales

As of 2015, Apple has a 2 percent share in India, and the analyst believes if Apple were to increase market share to a comparable level of China (around 13 percent) iPhone unit numbers could jump 15 20 million units.

Suva, who reiterated his Buy rating on Apple shares, continues to expect Apple to return 7 percent back to shareholders (about 65 percent free cash flow payout) via share buybacks and dividends. He also expects the iPhone maker to announce an update to their capital returns program at the April earnings announcement.

"While near term volatility is expected given tough iPhone compares y/y, we believe the growth in addressable market from more attractively priced iPhones as well as iPhone 7 launch in September are important catalysts for the stock near term," Suva noted.

Longer term, the analyst expects to see encouraging signs that Apple's ecosystem extends beyond the iPhone "as the company continues to gain traction with services (cloud, AppleCare, Apple Pay, apps) which are more recurring in nature."

At time of writing, Apple shares were up 0.86 percent at $106.82. Suva has a price target of $130 on Apple shares.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Emerging Markets Price Target Reiteration Markets Analyst Ratings Tech

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Will Apple Get Imagination?  Broker Roundup: Analysts Weigh in on Apple Inc. (AAPL) And Valeant ... U.S. stocks closed mixed Tuesday after opening lower as investors wrestled with the fallout from deadly attacks in Belgium. Among the equities in focus are iPhone maker Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and pharmaceutical firm Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX). Here s a quick roundup of today s brokerage notes on AAPL and VRX.

Apple Inc.

Yesterday, Apple released updates to its iPhone portfolio, a new iPad Pro, additional Apple Watch bands and software updates for iOS and tvOS. In reaction, Morgan Stanley analyst Kathryn Huberty reiterated an Overweight rating on the stock, with a price target of $135, which implies an upside of 26.5% from current levels.

Huberty observed,  iPhone, Watch and iPad updates were as expected. The $50 price decrease for iPhone SE (vs. 5s) was a positive surprise as we believe Apple can attract new iPhone users in emerging markets while keeping gross margins stable.  The analyst continued,  iPhone SE ships on March 31, after the end of the March quarter. Assuming Apple incorporated this timing in their March quarter guidance, then guidance implies underlying iPhone demand may be better than many investors think. This corroborates our AlphaWise Tracker, which indicated 56.5M unit demand in the March quarter using data through the month of February. We believe a combination of positive earnings revision and slight multiple re-rating from better iPhone demand will drive shares higher. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Kathryn Huberty is a top 100 analyst with an average return of 16.5% and a 62% success rate. Huberty has a 20.5% average return when recommending AAPL.

Out of the 52 analysts polled by TipRanks, 39 rate Apple stock a Buy, 10 rate the stock a Hold and 3 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 29%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $137.50.

Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc

In a research report sent to investors today, Rodman & Renshaw analyst Ram Selvaraju reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Valeant, with a price target of $118, after the company announced that its CEO, Mike Pearson, would be stepping down and that he would continue to stay at the helm until his successor is identified.

Selvaraju commented,  While we consider Mike Pearson to have been the face of the old Valeant, we believe that the events of the past several months have effectively made his leadership untenable and that the investment community as a whole expects change. Valeant is in the midst of having to make some difficult strategic choices, and we acknowledge that a new direction for the firm probably would benefit from new blood in the C-suite. 

The analyst continued,  We note that the fallout from the Philidor debacle could make it difficult for the company to obtain an unqualified opinion from its auditors at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). The fact that Valeant admitted yesterday to having had  material weaknesses  in its internal controls makes it all the more unlikely that it would receive an unqualified opinion from PwC. 

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Ram Selvaraju has a total average return of -0.2% and a 40% success rate. Selvaraju has a 12% average return when recommending VRX, and is ranked #2473 out of 3800 analysts.

Out of the 21 analysts polled by TipRanks (in the past 3 months), 7 are bullish on Valeant Pharmaceuticals stock a Buy, 10 are neutral, and 4 remain bearish. With a return potential of 75%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $55.73. 
2016-04-03
Apple: Be Careful The market is right to be cautious regarding Apple's future, as under the wrong circumstances, free cash flow can tailspin.

Source: Apple

Fellow Seeking Alpha contributor Erik Bergseng recently wrote: Apple is Grossly Mispriced. Bergseng argues it is mispriced below its intrinsic value, but his views are dangerously optimistic. I'll go over his arguments one-by-one to counter them:

Even if we assume the worst and revenues stagnate or even slightly decline, AAPL is still a phenomenal investment.

By putting the word "still" in there it gives the impression revenue stagnating or slightly declining would be something of an outlier. Implying in the vast majority of possible futures Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) continues to grow, like it has in the past. It also appears prudent to start off by assuming a worst case scenario, but revenue stagnating or slightly declining is hardly a worst case scenario.

In fact, revenue stagnating is one of the optimistic scenarios. The market is pricing in a drop in revenue and earnings.

Apple has not been so pessimistically priced relative to the market in the past 10 years.

The past decade of Apple's performance and the growth rate it resulted in should not be mistaken to be easily repeatable or as a normal kind of growth rate.

Ten years ago Apple started its global expansion, now nearly everyone who can afford an iPhone has one. The iPhone, a miraculously successful product, was introduced in 2007. For the first time since that introduction there is widespread talk of peak iPhone.

Once again, we see that the free cash flow yield of AAPL at the moment completely outstrips the S&P 500. If we look at the chart on the right, we notice that Apple has double the free cash flow yield of the S&P 500.

Bergseng makes a great point. In this particular case the market discount makes sense, and it does not necessarily mean Apple is attractive. Reuters shows the mean of 39 analyst estimates is for Apple to achieve EPS of $9.07 for the year ending Sep-16. This estimate is trending down, and analysts are notorious for being slow to adjust earnings estimates downward.

That mean estimate is down from the current diluted EPS of $9.40 now. This is not a worst case scenario, but the consensus scenario.

Apple has great free cash flow because it makes only a limited number of products on a tremendous scale. This allows the firm to capture above average margins. Once it starts to lose scale and/or is forced to introduce a larger number of products to generate the same amount or even less revenue, free cash flow will fall faster than revenue. Incidentally, that's exactly what is happening - Apple is both losing scale and starting to introduce more products to generate less revenue. The market is correctly anticipating free cash flow falling.

Consider Blackberry's (NASDAQ:BBRY) profit margins between 2005 and 2011. A long stretch of very strong margins. Currently, gross profit is still very good, but net profit isn't. Competitive markets are in flux. Today's winner can be tomorrow's loser.

A key risk is free cash flow going into a tailspin due to a string of underperforming products after which the brand could start to deteriorate as well. As unlikely as this may seem, keep in mind the pressure is very much on Apple. Apple needs to deliver short product cycle after short product cycle. That's why Bergseng's next argument makes no sense to me:

Consistently high gross profit margins are considered the hallmark of a durable competitive advantage. Although this is historical data, I still see absolutely no indication here that Apple's position as a market leader is under threat.

A durable competitive advantage does result in consistently high profit margins, I don't question that. When there is an obvious threat to the high profit margins, and the durability of the competitive advantage is actually quite questionable, it's a terrible idea to rely on a short and super anomalously profitable preceding decade as a baseline.

Apple's strong cash position allows it to pursue countless growth opportunities that can be exploited by leveraging their strong brand and customer loyalty.

Sounds great, but in practice this is very difficult. The brand is easily diluted. Finding investments that offer attractive RoIC rates is difficult already, it is even more difficult to find these opportunities at the size Apple needs to identify them to move the needle. A huge cash balance is a great impediment to achieve high returns for shareholders.

Don't get me wrong. I actually don't hate an investment in Apple. In my most recent article on Apple, I highlighted the growth in its services segment. If services made up a much larger slice of revenue I would be much more inclined to believe in sustainable margins. As things stand right now, I want to caution against naively buying into a ten-year trend extrapolation story.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-11-22
Apple, Inc. Underestimated the Toaster-Refrigerator Market Anything can be forced to converge. But the problem is that the products are about trade-offs; you begin to make trade-offs to the point that what you have left at the end of the day doesn't please anyone. You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but you know those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user. -- Tim Cook, April 2012

It seems that the market for toaster-refrigerators is a little bigger than Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook may have realized four years ago -- and by toaster-refrigerators, I mean two-in-one convertible PCs.

e

In a recent interview with The Australian Financial Review, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEO Satya Nadella referenced his rival's remarks, pointing to Surface's success as evidence for the two-in-one market's viability:

I mean, take even Surface. Three years ago, the two-in-one as a form factor was questioned. Does anybody need one? And now, guess what, even our competition has decided that it's not a refrigerator and a toaster, but it's actually a two-in-one.

It's true that Microsoft's Surface business has been growing, although the Surface business is a bit bumpy, and growth is decelerating meaningfully already. Microsoft doesn't directly disclose Surface revenue but instead provides data on growth, which allows you to back into the actual figures.

It goes without saying that Microsoft is a pretty tiny player in the grand scheme of the global PC market when it comes to hardware, and the company does not disclose unit volumes. Broadly, detachable tablets comprise about 16% of the market, according to IDC, but this figure should continue to rise as the market shifts to more productivity-oriented use cases.

Apple's compromise

Apple's new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar represents something of a compromise on Apple's part. The Mac maker is standing pat with its position that vertically oriented touchscreens are the wrong way to go, both because of the ergonomic considerations as well as the fact that interface elements need to be dramatically different sizes for pointer-input compared to touch-input.

But the introduction of the Touch Bar does suggest that Apple still wants to do more with its Multi-Touch technology beyond the trackpad and iOS devices, at least within the confines of its philosophical choice. The challenge is that Apple doesn't have much flexibility with catching up if the toaster-refrigerator market starts to boom, unless it has been holding back a touch-optimized version of macOS as a hedge that it can deploy quickly.

While the iPad Pro with Smart Keyboard technically qualifies as a detachable tablet (at least by IDC's category definitions), it's not quite a full two-in-one. Maybe Cook should have taken the toaster-refrigerator market a little bit more seriously. At least Cook isn't taking the flying-floating car market for granted. 
2016-08-07
Apple, Inc. Stock Bounces Back -- Too Late to Buy? Since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock hit a 52-week low of just under $90 earlier this year, shares have recovered 20%. Much of this gain followed the company's better-than-expected fiscal 2016 third-quarter earnings report in July. While the stock's rebound may be nice for shareholders, some investors who were on the fence about buying shares may feel like they've missed out. But a closer look at the stock reveals shares still look attractive.

Here are three reasons I'm still bullish with shares trading under $108.

1. Apple stock isn't priced for growth. In other words, Apple shareholders can still earn meaningful returns if Apple's business fails to grow. A basic discounted cash flow valuation of Apple stock -- even a valuation with very conservative assumptions built into the model -- easily illustrates this point.

For instance, a discounted cash flow valuation projecting Apple's trailing-12-month free cash flow will increase by just 3% annually -- or about in line with the historical rate of inflation -- pegs the present value of Apple's future free cash flows at $129 per share when using a 10% discount rate to account for the time value of money and the risk associated with investing in stocks. And what really makes this valuation conservative is that it leaves Apple's excess cash totally out of the equation.

So, based on the underwhelming projection that Apple can only boost free cash flow by about 3% annually over the long haul, shares are trading at approximately a 17% discount to fair value today -- leaving a meaningful margin of safety for investors who buy at $108.

2. Worries are overblown. The main concern in the media today about Apple's business is the company's declining iPhone sales in recent quarters. The problem was official in the first fiscal quarter of 2016; with iPhone revenue up just 1%, it was clear the year of Apple's iPhone 6s would likely fail to live up to the iPhone 6's precedence. And this is exactly what proceeded to happen. Q2's iPhone revenue was down 18% and Q3's was down 23%.

Ouch. Right?

It's not as bad as it looks -- at least not to investors willing to zoom out and look at the bigger picture.

iPhone sales in the year of Apple's flagship iPhone 6s cycle aren't weak by any means. They're just coming up shy of the company's year-ago blockbuster iPhone 6 cycle. During this year, iPhone sales skyrocketed, with year-over-year growth between 22% and 46% in each quarter of fiscal 2015. This makes for very tough comparisons in 2016.

And here's another way to look at it. Zooming out two years provides a different perspective: Apple's iPhone sales in fiscal Q3 are up 15% from the same quarter two years ago.

3. Apple's brand can carry over to new segments. There's an enormous benefit to Apple's relentless focus on the consumer experience. The company can enter new segments with clout that even established industry incumbents can only dream about. For instance, Apple successfully entered -- and subsequently dominated -- both the mp3 and cellphone market with its iPod and iPhone. As the company grows, Apple could bring the same brand and pricing power to other segments, such as the nascent wearables segment and autos.

When viewing Apple's excellent track record in combination with its cheap valuation, Apple stock still looks like a steal under $110. Sure, there may be some volatility ahead, but investors willing to hold for five or more years will likely look back and be happy they bought a slice of this incredible brand. 
2016-08-11
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock PT Upped For Higher iPhone 7 Estimate The big story around Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has been demand for the iPhone, especially when this is expected to be the first  non-S  year without a major upgrade. Analysts have long been trying to reassure investors about the iPhone 7 will do OK and possibly even bring a return to growth. Now one analyst has bumped up his price target for his increased outlook for the iPhone 7  but not for the reason you think.

Apple stock price target to $117

RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani bumped his target for Apple stock up from $115 to $117 per share after increasing his estimate for iPhone units in the December quarter. He adjusted his target price because he expects the company to sell more iPhones in the quarter than he was previously expecting.

However, it s not because he suddenly expects the iPhone 7 to do much better than what most of Wall Street expects. It s because he has learned that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s first fiscal quarter (the December quarter) has an extra week than usual. He noted that usually Apple s December quarter has 13 weeks but explains that this year the quarter will have 14 weeks instead.

What the extra week means for AAPL

The analyst expects the extra week to bring in sales of an extra 5 million to 6 million iPhone units and make it easier for the company to see a return to unit growth in fiscal 2017. As a result, he now pegs the number of iPhone units for the December quarter at about 79 million units, which is about a 6% increase from last year. His estimate is now higher than the consensus of 74 million units. He expects December quarter revenues to come in at $78 billion, well ahead of the consensus of $73.1 billion. His earnings per share estimate for the quarter is $3.29, compared to the consensus of $3.10 per share.

He noted that having one extra week is only a transient positive impact and actually will make the quarter over quarter decline between December and March look worse than usual. However, he sees the extra week as making his model  look more attractive  with year over year growth for iPhone units returning for the first time in the December quarter.

Additionally, he said the extra week should add between 200 and 300 basis points of incremental growth in fiscal 2017 looking at a year over year basis.

Apple stock to keep moving higher

Daryanani believes Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock will keep moving higher for the foreseeable future because the company does face easier year over year comparisons. Additionally, the iPhone 7 launch is expected next month, and there are signs that the company s gross margins are stabilizing or possibly improving.

He noted that sentiment on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has improved in the wake of the iPhone maker s June beat and raise quarter. He said investors are becoming more comfortable that the company s story is intact, especially in terms of gross margins and channel inventory. He added that channel inventory dynamics from the June quarter should have alleviated concerns about iPhone units, average selling prices and gross margins for the second half of the year.

Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock edged higher by as much as 0.46% to $108.50 during regular trading hours on Thursday. 
2016-08-23
What To Expect From The New Apple Watch In only a few weeks, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to reveal the next-generation Apple Watch, the first update of the device since its introduction two years ago. While being the best-selling and best-ranked smartwatch in the market, the Watch has so far struggled in technology and investment circles, failing to meet lofty sales expectations of a post-iPhone product and being in the shadow of the success of dedicated health and fitness trackers. In the meantime, there are signs that Apple is moving full steam ahead with the Watch, introducing significant changes with watchOS 3, acquiring companies and talent for its health initiatives, and working on several new products in the category.

In this article, I will comment on the latest supply chain information on the upcoming Watch, go through my expectations for the new product's strategy and marketing mix, and conclude with analysts' product sales estimates and view on future performance.

The new Watch(es)

KGI's Ming-Chi Kuo, a supply chain analyst with a solid track record in predicting future Apple product plans, offers first details on the anticipated refresh of the Apple Watch. Here's Appleinsider:

"Kuo believes Apple is planning to launch two new Apple Watch versions in the second half of 2016, both of which offer moderate improvements over their predecessor. The first unit will be an iterative upgrade on the original Apple Watch and is expected to sport the same aesthetics, but with improved intervals like a TSMC processor built on the 16nm process. Waterproofing should also be slightly improved. A second version, dubbed "Apple Watch 2," is also expected to share the same general design as current models, but will include a GPS radio and barometer for improved geolocation capabilities. A higher capacity battery will be included to power the advanced components, but its size will prohibit Apple's usual generational device slimming."

Broadening the Watch portfolio is certainly a positive step for Apple's smartwatch strategy. It is still early days in the wearables market and Apple needs to be careful to not leave consumers behind by running too fast with new features. If there are any product problems with the current Watch, they are certainly not related to a lack of functionality. Instead, it is performance and navigation which are often criticized by the device's users. Updating the original Watch with a 16nm processor and watchOS3 would then go a long way in solving these issues, and further improve on what is already considered a best-in-class product. Apple will also likely aim at a new, lower price point for such a device, marketing it as the most affordable Watch in an effort to accelerate adoption - which is admittedly slow when looking at the size of the iPhone user base, measured in hundreds of millions. The GPS-equipped Watch "2" would then target fitness-oriented users and athletes, and push the category toward full independence on the iPhone (a big deal in terms of expanding the TAM, but something which will take some time as Apple needs to develop more power-efficient components to deliver a good battery life).

The updated Watch and Watch "2" would then be positioned as the premium, more capable equivalent of Fitbit's (NYSE:FIT) Blaze and Surge. With regard to Fitbit's popular lower-end products such as Charge and Flex, I do not expect Apple to directly compete in this segment. The wearables market is slowly moving in the opposite direction, toward the smartwatch category, competing for the limited wrist real estate with more features and deeper digital-live integration. This is evident in the success of Fitbit's Blaze and the company's rising ASP ($99 vs. $63 two years ago). Instead, Apple might build more value into its existing products like headphones, adding health-related features like fitness tracking and a hearing aid. Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) already offers a similar product with the Gear IconX.

Regarding Watch collections, I expect Apple to continue building Watch intangibles (important sustainable competitive advantage) and announce another partnership with a luxury goods manufacturer, further tapping into the lucrative, high-margin $1,000-plus watch market. It think such partnerships are the best way forward for pushing the luxury aspect of the Watch as Apple lacks the distribution, customer service and brand associations of a luxury company. This can be seen in the decreasing number of Apple stores carrying the Watch Edition as Apple's retail environment is not built around selling $10,000-plus luxury goods. The recent tweet from Phil Schiller, Apple's marketing guru, linking an article praising the Watch but criticizing the Edition might suggest that the product is losing management's support and could be discontinued.

Pricing

The upcoming Watch refresh opens an interesting pricing debate. Apple has a history of charging an early-adopter "tax," extracting as much profit from a new product category as possible, and then lowering the price to push adoption (see the original iPod and iPhone). Apple might try to repeat its success with the iPod Mini priced at what Steve Jobs described as a "magic price point," $199, and introduce the new entry-level Watch at the same price. This would be a considerable $100 discount from the current $299 38mm Watch Sport (which was already discounted from $349 earlier in the year). I think this would be a rather aggressive move but one not without precedent (Apple discounted the first iPhone from $599 to just $399 after only three months since its debut). While this would negatively impact the product's margins, it would allow Apple to accelerate adoption, further increase its market share and consumer mind share, and also slow down Fitbit's expansion toward the smartwatch category in its very beginning (Apple would in this case effectively match the pricing of Fitbit's Blaze), depriving the company of some much needed profits for further R&D (Fitbit is well behind in terms of integrating their products into consumers' digital lives and must heavily invest).

Still, I expect Apple to be more conservative and in my base case scenario, the company would set pricing in a way to grow market share, maintain premium positioning relative to competition, attract switching customers, and make up-selling within the Watch portfolio easier. The resulting market positioning would then be: $199 Fitbit Blaze > from $249 Watch "1+" > from $299 Watch "2."

Distribution and promotion

According to CEO Tim Cook, Apple has been rolling out the Watch slowly, selling the product in only 14,000 sales locations as of this past May. This compares to 200,000 POS for the iPhone as of the same month and Fitbit's current 54,000 retail locations. With more experience in the smartwatch category and a new, broader portfolio with more attractive pricing, Apple would likely expand the Watch distribution in FY 2017. As to promotion, the company's reveal of watchOS3 at WWDC16 and the accompanying press release already hinted at clearer marketing communications more focused on the Watch's most unique aspect - the ability to monitor health and fitness. The "health and fitness plus so much more" theme should help the device better explain its purpose and stand out among other Apple products.

Sales estimates

Since the Watch's launch, sales expectations for the product have been reset, with analysts acknowledging the reality of the early stages of the smartwatch market, limitations of the first-generation device, and slow rollout of the product. IDC estimates 14.7 million units have been sold from the Watch's launch in Q3 FY2015, while the analyst average (as collected by Philip Elmer-DeWitt) for the same period is 18.6 million.

Source: IDC, Philip Elmer-DeWitt

Breaking down the data by quarters, the post-holiday drop in sales is concerning, however pent-up demand, category seasonality (Apple management expects that 40% of annual Watch sales will be found in the holiday quarter, see also Fitbit's post-holiday results), and prolonged product cycle might help explain such a sales trend. The last two quarters of steady sales then suggest that we have likely seen the bottom before the anticipated product refresh.

Looking ahead, IDC expects that the whole smartwatch category will grow in CY 2017 thanks to "continued platform development, cellular connectivity, and an increasing number of applications." IDC anticipates that Apple will benefit from the second-generation Watch and watchOS 3 and attract a new wave of first-time buyers and also upgrading customers (I don't expect a meaningful number of upgraders so early in the product's life cycle). JPMorgan is more specific, forecasting 14.3 million Watch units for AAPL's FY 2017, which would be up 20% from their estimate of 11.9 million watches for FY 2016. Some expect more modest growth, though, with Baird analyst William Power forecasting FY 2017 sales to rise just 3% from estimated 12.3 million units in FY 2016.

Risks

The aforementioned seasonality of the wearables category represents the largest risk for the Watch's sales growth in FY 2017. Apple is expected to launch the product a few weeks, perhaps only days, before the all-important holiday quarter, and therefore needs to ensure quick ramp-up of production and sufficient supply. The company cannot afford to repeat the situation from the Watch's launch in April 2015 when a single, key component caused a production bottleneck and long shipping delays. The smartwatch market's low maturity and Apple's pricing decisions are other risk factors.

Investor takeaway

If Apple's first two years since the Watch's unveil have been about learning about the new product category and wearables, then year three is the time to put some of those lessons to work. And although the smartwatch market is still not mature enough to expect rapid growth for the Watch anytime soon (it took years for both the iPod and iPhone to achieve that), the many clues found in watchOS 3, information on the second-generation products, and general wearables market suggest that Apple is on a solid footing to improve the value proposition of the Watch, further establish the smartwatch as a viable category, and grow the product's sales.

Author's Note: If you have enjoyed reading my article and found its content valuable, please take five seconds to follow me by clicking the Follow button next to my name at the top of the page. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Copy Samsung's Curves in New iPhone Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) is known for being a design leader, not a follower. But it looks as though the company is preparing to copy a major design cue from rival Samsung (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ). A new report suggests Apple will release a new iPhone next year that features a big, AMOLED display that s curved on both edges.

Apple and Samsung have a history when it comes to copying smartphone designs. Usually, Samsung has been on the hot seat for stealing iPhone features. In fact, the company has been successfully sued by AAPL for that reason, at one point owing $980 million in damages. (That reward was reduced after an appeals court ruled Apple couldn t patent the basic design of the iPhone.)

Samsung may regret that appeal, because if a report by Nikkei Asian Review is correct, Apple is planning to copy the basic design of Samsung s popular Galaxy Note 7.

A New iPhone That Borrows From the Galaxy Note 7

Citing  a source familiar with Apple s plans,  Nikkei says Apple is working on an all-new iPhone for 2017. This would be a premium model, aimed squarely at the Galaxy Note 7.

It wouldn t just be priced as Apple s new flagship   sitting above the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus   it would be large and feature a completely different look. It would be the first iPhone to feature an AMOLED display. And that display would be curved to wrap around both sides of the new iPhone.

That sounds very much like the basic design of Samsung s Galaxy Note 7, a premium phablet that frequently has been called the best smartphone of 2016.

The story from Nikkei s source corroborates earlier speculation in MacOS Rumors. In March, the site reported KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi-Kuo (who has a proven track record in predicting Apple releases) was expecting Apple to release a 5.8-inch iPhone with a curved AMOLED display in 2017.

Apple has looked to Samsung for inspiration in the past, most notably with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. After years of resisting the idea of a large smartphone and openly mocking the super-sized phablet category that Samsung essentially kicked off with the original Galaxy Note, Apple caved to popular demand in 2014.

The iPhone 6 was big, and the new iPhone 6 Plus was bigger than that original Galaxy Note. Of course, this time around, Apple would be copying a little more specifically.

Ironically, the only manufacturer currently able to produce large, flexible AMOLED panels in any quantity is Samsung. That would continue the companies  awkward tie as bitter rivals who also are deep in a supplier/customer relationship.

An All-New iPhone Would Boost AAPL s Bottom Line

Analysts expect Apple to release a new iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus in 2017. Those phones are likely going to be significant upgrades from this year s new iPhone 7 series, including some sort of new look (possible switching from metal to an all-glass case) to help convince consumers to upgrade. They may or may not kickstart the upgrade cycle Apple wants.

However, an all-new iPhone model   one with a completely different design, a superior AMOLED display and the sexy curved screen pioneered by Samsung   would undoubtedly provide a huge sales boost.

With the upscale look, Apple would be able to position and price it as a premium smartphone.

Based on past history, you can bet hardcore Apple customers will be willing to shell out big bucks to show off the ultimate new iPhone. AAPL might even be able to convince a few Android users to defect from the Galaxy Note 7.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: 2 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Are Better Than Apple, Inc I've been a fan of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) dividend for some time now. And I still am. But no matter how enticing the stock may seem today, there are some stocks that have the tech giant beat when it comes to dividend payouts. Here are two: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC).

Intel

Metric Name Metric for Intel Dividend yield 2.9% 5-year average dividend growth rate 3.1% Payout ratio 35.2% 5-year average EPS growth rate 3% Price-to-earnings ratio 17.1

Boasting a strong dividend yield, room for further increases, and a long history of dividend payments, Intel is a great dividend stock.

Importantly, Intel's dividend yield is more enticing than Apple's. For some dividend investors, Apple's 2.1% dividend yield, which is about equal to the average dividend yield for all stocks in the S&P 500, may simply be too small. Some dividend investors are looking for immediate, strong cash flow from their dividend stocks. Intel's 2.9% dividend yield, therefore, is probably more attractive for investors looking for income.

Further, as a qualified cash cow for over two decades, Intel has paid a dividend since 1992, giving it a consistent track record with dividends Apple lacks. Comparatively, Apple paid a dividend between 1987 and 1995 and didn't reinitiate its dividend until 2012.

Finally, Intel's payout ratio is conservative for a stock with such a meaningful dividend yield. Intel's payout ratio, which is equal to its annual dividend payments as a percentage of earnings, is 35.2%.

Wells Fargo

Metric Name Metric for Wells Fargo Dividend yield 3.1% 5-year average dividend growth rate 49.1% Payout ratio 37.1 5-year average EPS growth rate 13.3% Price-to-earnings ratio 12.0

Wells Fargo, in particular, offers excellent prospects for investors looking for income -- arguably better than both Apple and Intel.

Sure, Wells Fargo does jump out among these three stocks as the dividend investment with the highest dividend yield -- at 3.1%. But that isn't the only reason Wells Fargo is such a good dividend investment. Wells Fargo looks even better when its yield is considered in light of the stock's compelling valuation. With a price-to-earnings ratio of just 12 and a price-to-book ratio of just 1.4, investors who buy today get both a low-risk business and prospects for meaningful appreciation; as one of the most efficient and scaled banks in the world, Wells Fargo possesses staying power its current valuation simply isn't fully appreciating.

In addition to its compelling dividend yield and valuation, Wells Fargo also boasts a conservative payout ratio -- especially considering investors buying today get a meaningful 3.1% dividend yield.

Notably, investors should bear in mind that Wells Fargo's 5-year average dividend growth rate isn't indicative of what growth could look like in the future. However, investors should still appreciate this recent growth, as it signifies the bank's impressive recovery since the recession; Wells Fargo cut its dividend from $0.34 per share in 2008 to $0.05 in 2009, and it has since rebounded to $0.38 -- above its pre-recession dividend. In other words, even the recession that sent major banks into bankruptcy couldn't stop Wells Fargo from getting its dividend payouts back to where they were just five years after dividend growth was resumed in 2011.

Altogether, Wells Fargo offers investors a safe investment, upside potential for the stock price, and a meaningful dividend yield.

Apple, of course, has its own strengths. Namely, the tech giant boasts a payout ratio of just 25% -- well below both Intel's and Wells Fargo's -- and its dividend could potentially grow faster than these two companies' dividends over the long haul. But for investors looking for a higher yield today and a longer track record of dividend payments, Wells Fargo is the surer way to fatter cash flows over the next five years. 
2016-04-21
Why Apple Cares So Much About Bill Campbell Some years ago, I had a long discussion with the late Bill Campbell about Steve Jobs, Apple, and how to manage effectively. While a few short excerpts from this interview appeared in one of my books, the entire interview has never been published.

Here it is, edited a bit for clarity:

Geoffrey James: Tell me about your relationship with Steve Jobs.

Bill Campbell: The one thing I learned from Steve is to hire a great person for every single job in your company. Every person has to be great. You can't just accept mediocrity because you have, it's a low paying position. You just can't. There's somebody else out there that can take that job and do something really wonderful with it. I hire good people and count on them to provide me with the knowledge and understanding of the position that I don't have.

GJ: What was your most memorable experience at Apple?

BC: I like people and love to hire them and liked getting young people into the company. When we were at Apple we hired 400 people in the summer to be the sales force for Apple Computer, which never had its own sales force. It was 50% women. Talk about cultural change in the sales market! Compensation was fantastic. We talked to them always about honesty and integrity, that they should sell for Apple not for dollars. Those were principles that we set just in that organization.

GJ: How would you characterize your management philosophy?

BC: I always say that my companies are borderline anarchy. I like people to fight back. I've got a temper and I'm angry a lot, not abusive. I'm like "God damn it, Geoffrey, how the hell come we're not doing this? You know, I asked you to do it!" I expect you to respond in kind: "Look, Bill, that was a shit idea. I tried to get it done that way and I put it out to the field sales force, and three customers rejected it." So them I'm: "Fine, fine, fine, fine, I hear you." That way I know you've gone through things. I expect you to say "[expletive] you, Bill, I've got a better way to do it."

GJ: What the most important thing you've learned about management over the years?

BC: Delegation was the biggest thing. I was the ultimate micro-manager at Apple. I was terrible. I had my [expletive] fingers in everything and basically insisted I was always the victim of a reorganization. I went there as a VP of marketing, I took over sales, I took over distribution services, then I took over... It was constant turmoil of different managers and all that, and what I did is I micro-managed everybody because I knew the way I wanted it. I didn't have strong people. I had absorbed some people from different groups and didn't have enough people that I could really count on.

GJ: How did you learned to delegate?

BC: When I went to Claris, I hired the people individually, everybody that I wanted, and I started right at the beginning. I still badgered them a little bit about getting it the way I wanted but after I got past the first and second year, I basically was a kind of a referee. I broke ties and kept the organization from conflict because there was, there's a lot of natural conflicts, engineering and marketing.

GJ: How have companies changed since you started in the business world?

BC: What you get used to is working with equals. It makes you manage differently. The hierarchical manager of yesterday ran the Industrial Age company with "Yes sir! Yes sir! Anything you want, sir! I'm right with you, sir!" Now it's all different. When you're running an Information Age company, is you've got to allow a lot of that dissent. In fact, you have to foster dissent. One of my principles is is that if I can't defend it, I shouldn't be doing it. What point is there in mindless agreement? I won't accept "Yes Sir!" for an answer!"

GJ: What do you think about the impact of office technology on management?

BC: One of the greatest boom and bust of the technology era is electronic mail. It's one of the greatest things that's ever been constructed anywhere. It's also a crutch. E Mail is one of the great, great things that's ever been constructed and invented and I'm a full supporter of it, but it's got to be used wisely.

GJ: How so?

BC: I worked with an executive who managed by E Mail. He'd read a report or something in his E-mail folder, disagree with it, and then send a memo saying something like, "I think this is the stupidest thing I've ever read." And he'd blast it out to six people who'd been on the group. As a result, each person in the group would write him another 2-3 page E-mail message explaining why the report wasn't stupid. Everybody would end up spending 45 minutes thoughtfully banging out an electronic answer. And it invariably turned out that when he blasted criticisms like that out onto the network, he would find out that they were right and that they had thought the situation through very carefully. The executive was just not aware of all the reasons that they got to that point because he did not follow the process. I tried to tell this guy that the electronic criticism was pretty insensitive. I suggested that he to the next committee meeting and sit down with the team and say, "Look, I really didn't like this and let me tell you why." And then they'd get a chance to say, "Well, let me tell you the problem." I don't know how many hours we wasted answering electronic messages just to address something that he could've been settled during a brief hallway conversation.

GJ: What are some of the personal challenges that CEO face?

BC: When you're a CEO, you'll be working with people who are older than you, younger than you, smarter than you... You have to remember that the board of directors made you the boss, but your people make you the leader. Nobody is going to respect you just because you've got a title in this company. You have to provide some value in other ways and you have to learn to accept that. I think that one of those fundamental management changes in management that has to take place.

GJ: Can you give me an example of a high tech firm that has bad management?

BC: IBM. IBM is like the Stepford Wives. They take the best people from the best colleges and universities in the country and then IBM snips out some brain so that they become mindless clones. Individually, they're still some of the smartest people I know and I really enjoy them when I get them in a bar, but they don't protest, they don't fight anything, they're afraid to take risks. They're always saying things like "that won't fly in the company." It's the Industrial Age culture.

GJ: How do you encourage employees to grow?

BC: People learn from people. That's the key. I can inspire a couple of people to do the same kinds of things that I do, that's the sort of thing that makes you proud. You start to move the culture into another suite of companies where these people can affect another group of people. I want the best idea, not consensus. What I want is I want you to hear me, and I want me to hear him, and I want him to hear him, and I want her to hear, and if we're all interested in that one goal, the ultimate goal, we come up with a way make this company better.

GJ: How can a CEO change a corporate culture?

BC: Make sure that you have at least one ally that you bring with you, somebody who can help support you and act a buffer. At least you have somebody to commiserate with and somebody that can help you lead the company. It doesn't have to be in a high level position. It could be somebody down in a middle level position, somebody that could help you interpret what you're trying to do with the company. I think it's possible to go into a company and do it without having at least one or two people that you've worked with in the past. It would be too difficult to try and turn one around. You have to bring somebody that has your value set and understanding of the identity that you're trying to create.

GJ: Any other advice for entrepreneurs?

BC: Hire great people. Drive always for excellence. Pick out people in the organization that make a difference. There are 10% of the people that make 90% of the difference and make sure you know who those people are. You want people who will argue with you -- to get the right thing done. No consensus management. No fear of change. Don't accept old ways of doing things. Examine everything that you can do to make things better. Pay great people more money than you pay average people. You're Undervaluing Apple, Inc.'s Services Business Well, maybe not you, per se. But it's highly likely that investors and the broader market are undervaluing Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) booming services business. That's a notion that Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster recently suggested.

Apple has long traded at a discount to the broader market as its growth prospects have been called into question, but it doesn't make much sense to apply this same low valuation to Apple's services business, particularly when you acknowledge the valuation discrepancy between Apple and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

By Munster's estimates, applying multiples comparable to Alphabet to Apple's services business could value it at $264 billion.

$21 billion and counting

You might not realize it, but Apple's services business is growing like a weed right now. Services revenue last year was $21.2 billion, up 15% from 2014. Annual services revenue was just $13.5 billion as recently as 2012.

Note that Apple offers many of the same cloud-based services that Google does. Both companies use services as a way to support their core businesses -- device sales for Apple and advertising for Alphabet -- but these services are still independently monetized in many instances.

For example, here are just a few services that both companies offer that can be directly monetized, and aren't just free for strategic purposes (such as basic things like email or calendars):

Apple Alphabet Cloud Storage iCloud Drive Google Drive Music Streaming Apple Music Google Play Music All Access Mobile Payments Apple Pay Android Pay App Distribution iTunes App Store Google Play

There are areas that don't overlap. Apple offers AppleCare, its extended warranty plan for its hardware, which doesn't apply to Alphabet. Google's YouTube is testing out a new YouTube Red video streaming service for $10 per month, which includes some music benefits but Apple has nothing comparable.

Munster's estimate that Apple's services business could be worth $264 billion is pretty wild in the context of Apple's current market cap ex-cash of $420 billion. And you thought the hardware business was undervalued before.

What's next for the Mac maker?

Apple Music also marks an important strategic departure for the Mac maker. The company generally prefers to tie its services to its hardware. Of course, famously bringing iTunes to Windows was a big step, but most Apple services are still generally specific to Apple devices. But Apple opened up Apple Music to Android late last year. There's also been plenty of rumors that Apple is trying to build an over-the-top TV streaming service, but has yet to put all the pieces together.

All told, Apple's services business is booming. Maybe it's time investors started treating it that way. 
2016-06-18
Think Things Were Bad for Apple? Now They're Worse During the week of its annual worldwide developers conference (WWDC), Apple tries to focus on the new, exciting, and hopeful. Heaven knows it needed a break from bad news, particularly a shaking year-over-year drop in the number of iPhones sold.

But the desire to project prosperity and movement forward was just undercut. Regulators in Beijing just ordered Apple to stop selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the city, according to a Wall Street Journal report. That could spell disaster over the near- and short-term.

It wasn't immediately clear what impact the order would have. Some mobile-phone stores in the city said they had already stopped selling the two models months ago, switching to newer models. Apple will soon end production of both models, according to a person familiar with the production plans. The two iPhone models infringe on a Chinese patent for exterior design held by Shenzhen Baili for its 100C smartphone, the Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau wrote in a statement on its website dated May 19.

It may be that the upcoming iPhone 7 doesn't share any of the design issues that are proving a problem for the 6 and 6 Plus. But there is typically strong design continuity between iPhone models.

China has been a critical part of Apple's growth strategy -- or, as the smartphone market has matured, an important component of the company's financial maintenance. The iPhone is the single most important driver of revenue and profit at Apple and China is the company's largest market outside of North America.

Apple has appealed the ruling to a higher court in China, but the country doesn't necessarily seem all that friendly to the consumer electronics giant. In April, China forced Apple to close its online book and movie services. "It feels like the Chinese government is flexing its muscles and reminding Apple that it's in charge," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research told the Wall Street Journal.

And it's important to remember that China wants to encourage, and even protect, its domestic electronics industry. The country has in the past taken actions that have discouraged high tech companies from other countries, like declaring in 2014 that mobile chip maker Qualcomm had a monopoly in China, seen by some experts as an attempt to harass management and favor domestic producers.

What companies have found over time is that China is willing to put pressure on international companies to suit its own goals. If that ultimately translates into a smaller market share in China the impact might become visible in the company's earnings and further dog Apple and its stock. 
2016-11-21
Apple Inc. Might Be Preparing for Blowout iPhone Sales in Fiscal 2018 Bloomberg recently published an article discussing Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) desire to add organic light-emitting diode (OLED) based displays to next year's iPhones and the supply-chain challenges Apple faces in trying to do so.

"The supply constraints may force Apple to use OLED in just one version of the next generation iPhone, push back adoption of the technology or other snags," the authors write.

Separately, generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said in a recent report that Apple is preparing three iPhone models: 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models with traditional liquid crystal displays, and a 5.1- to 5.2-inch version with a curved OLED display.

The authors of the Bloomberg report say, "Apple's initial OLED order from Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is for 100 million units over one year, according to people familiar with the agreement."

If both reports are true, then this could suggest something incredibly positive for Apple investors: Apple might be preparing for a surge in its iPhone business during its fiscal year 2018.

Some perspective

In fiscal year 2016, Apple shipped just shy of 212 million iPhone models. This included iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone SE, and an initial batch of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus sales.

It's likely that Apple will ship a similar number of iPhone models during fiscal year 2017.

With that context in mind, 100 million OLED displays for a special, ultra-premium iPhone planned for sale throughout fiscal year 2018 seems quite significant.

How many curved OLED iPhone models is Apple planning to sell?

Let's assume Bloomberg's sources are good and Apple has ordered 100 million curved OLED displays in support of its iPhone build plans for fiscal year 2018.

Next, let's assume that 75% of them ultimately wind up on iPhone models that ship to customers. The reason that I don't say 100% is that even if that 100-million-unit order is for 100 million displays that meet specification, they might ultimately wind up on iPhones that don't quite pass muster.

That's still 75 million iPhone models, or more than 35% of the total iPhone units that Apple shipped in fiscal year 2016.

This suggests that Apple is expecting a large portion of iPhone buyers next year to opt for the curved OLED model. Although some sales of the curved OLED model are likely to go to individuals who would have otherwise purchased "standard" 4.7-inch or 5.5-inch LCD-equipped models, I wouldn't be surprised if a good portion of those sales were incremental to what Apple would have shipped without the introduction of the OLED version.

In that case, Apple would not only enjoy significant year-over-year iPhone unit growth, but it could see substantial iPhone average selling price growth as well since any cannibalization of iPhone 8/iPhone 8 Plus by iPhone 8 OLED is likely going to result in more revenue for Apple.

Fiscal year 2018 should be a good one for Apple

Based on the analysis above, it's hard not to get excited for what could be in store for Apple during its fiscal year 2018. The potential for Apple to see significant growth in iPhone units and average selling price is hard to ignore.

Should those factors begin to materialize (investors should have a good idea if it will or not once the company issues financial guidance for the first quarter of that year), the stock could be poised for significant earnings multiple expansion as investors gain confidence that Apple's extremely important iPhone business hasn't yet topped out.

An expansion in Apple's earnings multiple coupled with renewed profit growth could mean that Apple stock has a lot of room to run from current levels. Apple: Exploring The Repatriation Issue  
2016-10-31
Apple, Inc. Plans on Spending a Mind-Boggling $16 Billion in Capital ... Wow, that's a lot of money.

Investors have seen Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) capital expenditures rise precipitously over the past several fiscal years, as the Mac maker continues to invest heavily in state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies and processes. There's also some retail store renovations and other items such as building out the new Apple Campus 2 (which went over budget by $2 billion a few years ago), but the bulk of Apple's capital expenditures are always allocated to product tooling and manufacturing equipment.

Following Apple's fiscal fourth-quarter earnings release last week, the company has now filed its annual form 10-K with the SEC. In it, Apple says it expects fiscal 2017 capital spending to soar to a mind-boggling $16 billion.

You get what you pay for

That's an incredible amount of money for a consumer electronics company to spend on capital investments, but it shows how committed Apple is in pursuing new processes that few competitors could afford. To the extent that Apple can use innovative manufacturing processes that rivals are unable to, the company's capital expenditures could even be viewed as a competitive advantage.

For example, design chief Jony Ive is always happy to share Apple's design and manufacturing thought processes in marketing videos. This year, the new Jet Black iPhone 7 required a handful of new techniques (the process sounds ridiculous). Or consider the equipment that Apple must buy to rigorously test the Apple Watch Series 2 to simulate how the device will perform for everyday swimmers.

All of this stuff costs a ton of money.

Show me the money

It's true that Apple actually expected to spend a comparable $15 billion in fiscal 2016, but it turns out that fiscal 2016 capital expenditures came in at "just" $12.8 billion. In fact, Apple usually goes under budget relative to its capital spending guidance. In the past four fiscal years, only one year came in on target, while the rest came in under budget.

So there's still a decent chance that Apple is just being conservative here and will end up spending less than it anticipates. However, just imagine how high the capital expenditures would soar if Apple planned on actually building a car, a plan that it has seemingly backed away from. Maybe it's the whole building-cars-destroys-capital-like-nothing-else-on-Earth thing. Apple Preparing To Eat BlackBerry's Lunch, Again Our own Yoel Minkoff broke the story here on Seeking Alpha that Apple (AAPL) has dozens of software engineers in Canada building a car operating system and many of the staff were hired away from BlackBerry's (BBRY) QNX, an automotive software provider.

But this revelation wasn't really a surprise to me since I was speculating this very scenario nearly three months ago with Apple's hiring of Dan Dodge, former CEO and founder of QNX Systems and one of the creators of the operating system:

Sure, while it's possible Apple could pay BlackBerry for a QNX source code license and hire Dan Dodge to wed it to some new Apple hardware for automotive, it's far more likely Apple will create a whole new automotive OS whereby cutting BlackBerry off at the knees. (emphasis added.)

Source: KIA Investment Research

If this isn't a case of D j  vu all over again, I don't know what is.

Most of us remember back when BlackBerry owned a good chunk of the smartphone market from say 2006 to 2009. But in 2010, something interesting happened:

Source: investorvillage.com

Apple created a relentless tide of attrition from the once popular QWERTY keyboard phones and replaced them with state-of-the-art touch screen phones. And when Apple launched the Apple App Store in 2008, it was the beginning of the end for BlackBerry's handset division.

BlackBerry has been struggling since 2010 to regain its footing against Apple and one of its strategic moves was to acquire QNX Systems, a provider of automotive operating systems.

I liked this purchase a lot. The idea of a new smartphone OS powered by a real-time microkernel just sounded slick.

Unfortunately, things didn't work out for this new BB10 OS or its predecessor PlayBook OS. Having a nifty real-time microkernel simply didn't sell smartphones or tablets.

People want apps and BB10 didn't have much of an app story. People don't want QWERTY keyboards, but BlackBerry kept making QWERTY keyboards. And people want sister devices to complete the ecosystem, devices which BlackBerry simply couldn't provide.

And while there is still copious denial on this subject, BlackBerry exited production of BB10 handsets, tablets and the operating system itself. BlackBerry then tried its hand at Android handsets, but shut that down as well just 12 months later.

Apple's hungry and eyeing BlackBerry's lunch, or what's left of it

A happy side effect of BlackBerry's acquisition of QNX Systems was its preexisting foothold in automotive. And while nobody seems to be able to get a handle on how much revenue the 60 million cars it's installed on generates, we're all pretty sure it's not generating much since as of June 2014 QNX was estimated to generate only 2% of BlackBerry's total revenue and a paltry $3 per vehicle.

But nonetheless, that kind of install base and ongoing relationships with virtually all the auto manufacturers is very valuable. But there's a new kid in town, and if BlackBerry's not careful the new kid will step in and take this BlackBerry business away as well.

The automotive OS mentioned earlier has several uses within the vehicle. Everything from managing systems like brakes and power steering to information and entertainment (infotainment.) BlackBerry is a player in all of these areas, and Apple wants in. In fact, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) with its Android operating system and Harman (NYSE:HAR) with it's Linux based Smart Essentials platform are preparing, improving and delivering infotainment systems that don't rely on QNX.

Is this necessarily bad news for BlackBerry? You betcha!

Even though BlackBerry's QNX is already installed on some 50 million vehicles, auto manufacturers are looking ahead to the next-generation infotainment system. Harman describes this next-generation infotainment as delivering a "smartphone like" experience complete with apps and an apps store. And in this article, I describe how infotainment as just another form-factor in your current ecosystem.

The problem for BlackBerry here is that it's simply not making the investments in R&D that it needs to remain competitive. BlackBerry went from spending $1.5 billion in R&D in 2012 to $469 million in 2016. Contrast that to Apple's $10 billion spend on R&D this year alone. And even if BlackBerry could greatly increase its R&D spend, its QNX operating system still doesn't have an apps ecosystem, which is generally thought to be one of the main reasons behind the collapse of the BlackBerry BB10 smartphone offerings.

Who has the best security story?

On the mobile security front, BlackBerry was once considered a pioneer, but by about 2014 everyone had caught up by using industry standard hardening techniques like crypto keys baked in to the hardware, application sandboxing, secure boot, digital signatures, etc.

However it doesn't help BlackBerry that Chrysler's QNX powered UConnect infotainment system was compromised in a very public demonstration of the "Jeep hack." At the time, there were claims by BlackBerry that the hack had nothing to do with QNX, and indeed the hacker himself when asked tweeted: "hack doesn't have anything to do with qnx security" and BlackBerry declared "case closed." But on further investigation, Charlie Miller (the hacker) agreed with me that if QNX had been making use of some standard security techniques, the hack might have been more difficult.

But regardless of what side of this argument you come down on, we all can agree that infotainment security is going to be an issue and not one left to a company scrimping on R&D and struggling for its very survival.

The Apple effect

Apple is rarely first to market in a product category. They weren't first with the smartphone, tablet or MP3 player, but they ended up commanding those markets with arguably the best device in each of those product categories.

I fully expect Apple to closely study what's available today, make massive improvements on the user experience, include app store capabilities, and integrate your car's infotainment system into the Apple hardware ecosystem complete with content syncing across devices and cloud support. It will be unlike anything on the road today and Blackberry won't be able to touch it.

Although do pay attention to this space. As mentioned earlier, both Harman and Google have their eye on the space, as does Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and others. But like the smartphones OS wars and the desktops before that, there will likely only be 2-3 big winners in the space and my money is on Apple in the No. 1 spot followed by Google in the No. 2 spot with Linux and Microsoft filling in the holes. Make no mistake though, it will be a bloody fight with QNX being the first casualty.

What car company would install an Apple only solution?

Each time I discuss the next generation of infotainment with folks, they immediately assume that a native Apple supplied OS for infotainment would be Apple only. This is really a silly argument. It's obvious car companies wouldn't want such a system, and Apple et al. wouldn't supply such a system. My iPhone syncs just fine with my PC and always has. It will be a requirement out-of-the-gate that they all support the other major smartphone operating systems. So if for example, you have an Apple powered infotainment system, you will be able to plug in your Android powered smartphone, and vise versa. Anything else would simply be a non-starter.

Making dollars and cents of the infotainment segment

ENGLEWOOD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Driven by continued innovation in vehicle connectivity and safety technologies, global revenue from automotive display systems will grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 11 percent to $18.6 billion by the end of 2021. This will add nearly $9 billion in annual revenue compared to 2015, according to IHS Inc., a leading source of critical information and insight to the global automotive industry. (emphasis added.)

Source: ihs.com

Investor Takeaway:

Even though QNX in cars seems to generate next to no revenue for BlackBerry, there is no reason to believe that Apple et al. can't turn this into a money making business with licensing, maps, real-time traffic services, and an app store, etc.

The loss of QNX revenue due to a loss in market share of automotive operating systems probably won't kill BlackBerry, but the damage to BlackBerry's reputation may simply be too much for investors to take.

All the major players including Google, Harman and especially Apple - with it's need for diversity - want in on this CAGR of more than 11 percent to $18.6 billion by the end of 2021 that automotive operating systems promise.

Apple is a buy at $113-$114.

BlackBerry is a sell at levels of $7.00 or more.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock: The Only 3 Things That Matter Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) is coming off a busy week. First, Apple s quarterly earnings report Wednesday sent AAPL stock lower on Thursday. Later that day, the company hosted its special Mac event.

Traders hoping that Apple stock would get some juice from the news were sorely disappointed. Apple announced three new notebooks. Tech enthusiasts now have something new to blog about.

The market didn t care.

AAPL stock delivered its highest daily volume in over a month on Wednesday following earnings. On Thursday, the stock traded mostly flat throughout the day before closing down less than 1% on average volume.

The reason the event got crickets in the market? Macs don t matter when it comes to Apple stock.

These are the only three things that do:

#1: iPhones Matter

Until Apple s dynamic changes, it doesn t matter how many new gadgets or new versions of old gadgets the company comes up with. The iPhone dominates Apple s business. As of Q3 2016, the iPhone single-handedly represented 56.7% of Apple s total revenue. The Apple Watch, the iPad and even the new Mac notebooks are cool. But all of them combined still generate about half the revenue the iPhone does.

In fact, the saturation of the iPhone market is one of the biggest arguments that AAPL stock bears have been making for years.

Apple actually beat consensus earnings and revenue expectations in Q4, yet the stock sold off. Last week s report revealed iPhone unit sales were down 5.3% year-over-year in Q4, and iPhone sales revenue plummeted 12.6%. These are the numbers that truly concern the market.

It certainly doesn t help that the iPhone s market share in China has fallen from around 12% to only 8.4% in the past year as well.

#2: Service Revenues Matter

While Apple stock bears point and scream at iPhone numbers, bulls are doing the same for the Services division.

Services revenue includes the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music, Apple Pay, AppleCare and other services. Division revenue jumped 24% in Q4. This segment now make up 14.1% of Apple s total revenue, up from 10.4% a year ago.

The Apple Pay platform, for example, registered more transactions in the month of September than it did during the entire fiscal 2015 year.

Next Page Nomura's Tech Insights: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Twitter Inc (TWTR) and Amazon.com ... October 27th was a key day for the tech world, as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) held another special event, this time introducing a freshly improved MacBook Pro series to the greater Apple ecosystem, whereas fellow giants Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) released quarterly earnings.

Nomura analysts are largely positive on Apple, thanks to the company s popular repute further supported by its newest MacBook Pro series upgrade. As Twitter remains caught up in merger and acquisition speculation on back of a first-time dip in year-over-year revenue, the analyst comments from the sidelines. When glancing at Amazon s mixed bag in terms of third-quarter results, the analyst recommends buying on weakness in favor of long-term confidence. Let s take a closer look:

Apple Inc.

This past Thursday, October 27th, Apple launched its upgraded MacBook Pro series, now including a touch-sensitive OLED strip deemed the TouchBar, which Nomura analyst Jeff Kvaal considers the true  highlight  of the tech titan s  expected  and  overdue  series. On the heels of the  new, nifty, and nostalgic MacBook Pro,  Kvaal reiterates a Buy with a $135 price target, which represents just under a 19% increase from current levels.

Kvaal comments,  Apple trotted out its first laptop, the 25-year-old PowerBook. While the distinction was indeed stark, an equally glaring contrast is that between the company Apple then and now. While Apple launched the iPhone 7 at the Moscone Center, the new Macs appeared in a much smaller venue on its own campus. 

From the analyst s eyes,  This was expected, although we do hope in particular for a Mac refresh in the near term. The Mac mini and Mac Pro were last updated in 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

Additionally, though there is now a  confusingly named  TV app on Apple TV, the feature functions in pulling together a video catalog of movies and shows consumers already own coupled with those available through OTT services.

Early last week, the analyst boosted his forecast for fiscal first quarter estimates of 2017 on back of fourth-quarter results, lifting his high-end EPS projection for the fiscal year of 2017 from $9.32 to $9.37  on higher iPhone ASPs.  Furthermore, consensus saw an increase of $0.10 to $9.04.

Ultimately,  Our expectations for the Mac remain modest. Despite the launches, we expect the Mac to slip below 10% of sales in F1Q. Macs are well down Apple s priority list these days, behind phones, services, enterprise, etc. Apple did not, for example, cite a higher Mac mix when discussing its lower F1Q margins. The Mac does, however, hold an emotional resonance well beyond its financial weight, at least for the Apple-philes,  Kvaal concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Jeff Kvaal is ranked #303 out of 4,178 analysts. Kvaal has a 58% success rate and gains 9.9% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Kvaal gains earns 8.7% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 28 rate a Buy on AAPL, 5 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $130.47, marking a nearly 15% upside from where the shares last closed.

Twitter Inc

On October 27th, Twitter posted its third-quarter report that came in  modestly  above what Nomura analyst Anthony Diclemente had anticipated, but notes the social networking giant s fourth-quarter guidance brings forth a  wide range of revenue outcomes.  As major outlets including the likes of Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal rumble with chatter of a prospective sale in the wings, perhaps by a big tech/media company looking to acquire the giant, the analyst remains sidelined.

As such, Diclemente reiterates a Neutral rating on TWTR with a price target of $13, which represents a 26% downside from where the shares last closed.

Even considering that this quarter brought to the table highlights like the Olympics, coverage and incited discussion of the U.S. Presidential election, as well as two live-streamed NFL games, Diclemente finds movement for monthly active user (MAU) growth to be  largely unimproved  at 3% year-over-year to 317 million, marking a 4 million rise from second quarter. Moreover, he would not be surprised for fourth-quarter revenue to reveal a dip in year-over-year.

For the third quarter, TWTR hit $616 million in revenue and $0.13 in EPS. However, the company reported a GAAP net loss of $103 million at $0.15 per share.

TWTR reported EBITDA that reached $25 million above Diclemente s projection of $157 million, which he attributes to cuts in spending as well as good timing that worked to the advantage of quarterly profitability. However, though there were cost cuts in the third quarter, not all disappeared and the deferral could lead to a year-over-year decrease when glancing at fourth-quarter EBITDA guidance.

Though the analyst notes the TWTR corporate team did not mention acquisition talk when delivering the company s earnings update,  We believe it possible that its reduction in workforce is geared towards slimming down the company s cost structure, bringing it closer to positive EPS and making it more attractive as a takeout candidate. 

 In addition to highlighting recent improvements in engagement, some via its live video strategy, management emphasized a more disciplined approach to headcount and resource allocation. Meanwhile, 3Q US revenue declined YoY for the first time, and the company would not commit to a specific revenue projection for the 4Q, in part given the restructuring of the salesforce. Our target price and rating remain unchanged, as we believe Twitter offers strategic value in an M&A scenario, despite a challenging fundamental picture,  Diclemente surmises.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, five-star analyst Anthony Diclemente is ranked #204 out of 4,178 analysts. Diclemente has a 62% success rate and garners 9.4% in his yearly returns. When suggesting TWTR, Diclemente realizes 1.9% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate TWTR as a Hold. Based on 27 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 5 rate a Buy on TWTR, 16 maintain a Hold, while 6 issue a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $17.72.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Amazon shares were falling 5% after the online auction and e-commerce leader posted a third-quarter mix with disappointing international operating income and fourth-quarter GAAP operating income guidance, though total revenue and profitability stemming from Amazon Web Services (AWS) did perform well.

With regards to the weak results, Diclemente remains undeterred in his bullish perspective and continues to commend  the strength of the overall Amazon business model.  Furthermore, the analyst points to not just the bigger picture, but other solid features of the quarter, like AWS sales and operating income outclassing expectations, robust global revenue growth thanks to investments in Prime, and Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) unit growth bolstering close to 30% total unit growth with regards to e-commerce.

Therefore, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AMZN with a $950 price target, which represents a close to 22% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

Diclemente explains,  Part of the consolidated profitability weakness in both 3Q and 4Q likely comes from ramping investment in Amazon s media products. Given the smaller revenue base internationally, media content amortization in International may have an outsized impact. While we remain constructive on Amazon s investments in TV, Film and Music, we are mindful that in certain cases, Amazon may be overspending. 

 While there is concern that Amazon investments are stepping up faster than expected (media specifically), we believe that 4Q guidance likely factors in conservatism. In sum, out year profitability estimates move modestly lower due to international investments, but the higher multiple businesses of AWS and North America e-commerce continue to demonstrate dominant market positioning. We maintain our $950 TP and continue to favor AMZN both into the holiday season and over the longer-term,  Diclemente concludes.

When rating AMZN, Diclemente yields 48.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate AMZN as a Strong Buy. Based on 31 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 29 rate a Buy on AMZN, while 2 maintain a Hold. The 12-month price target stands at $948.43, marking a 22% upside from where the shares last closed. Google, Apple And Market Signaling It has been a big month for product announcements by major technology companies and I see some valuation implications. First, Alphabet AKA Google has now introduced a first rate phone. I have been using mine for about a week and consider it to be the hardware equivalent of the iPhone 7. This finally gives Google the platform it needs to showcase its software and update it in a timely fashion. Android 7 with the Alphabet AKA Google Assistant is a great combination, but it would fail if the phone were inferior. For instance, I bought a top of the line Lumia phone when it came out to give Windows Phone 10 a try. The phone was so bad in terms of both esthetics and build quality that it was on eBay the same day. The software never had a chance with me because the hardware platform was so bad. The Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Nexus while superior to the Lumia was not on a par with Apple products. With the Pixel, Google has not that made that mistake.

More generally, economic theory highlights the importance of software firms producing first rate hardware. Michael Spence won the Nobel Prize for his theory of market signaling. Signaling works because firms with superior technology can signal their superiority by producing products that are too expensive for inferior firms to match. After Lumia, Microsoft seems to have learned this lesson. The Surface Studio it introduced last week (and I ordered on the spot) is a ground breaking product. Even if it is too expensive for most consumers, it signals to the market the Microsoft has the technological talent to compete with, or even surpass, Apple in producing innovative products. The development of such products is, in my opinion, a critical step for Microsoft and the current news is clearly positive.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) also introduced new MacBooks last week. While not as innovative as the Microsoft Surface Studio, the new MacBooks have the quality one comes to expect from Apple and the touch bar is a nice added feature. The big problem for Apple is price. In the past few months, companies like Asus, Lenovo and HP have introduced innovative new machines with designs that rival Apple at lower price points. But the real problem for Apple as is at the very low end. Apple s least expensive new MacBook is $1,349 even with the educational discount. This means that Apple has basically handed the K-12 school market to Chromebooks, and to a lesser extent inexpensive Windows machines. I see that as a huge threat. Students who grow up with Chrome and Android (or more likely the forthcoming combination) accompanied by Alphabet productivity software are likely to stay in theAlphabet universe, particularly if Google matches Apple s phone hardware. If that occurs, Apple is likely to be relegated to the role of a high end backwater   a possibility that has massive implications for the iPhone which is the major source of Apple s revenue. In my view, Apple is a bit like the frog in the pot who fails to jump out when the heat is slowly increased. Apple has been in an enviable position milking the incredibly innovative products introduced under Steve Jobs. The company needs to take big risks going forward to maintain that position as the competition heats up.

The real battle will involve combining hardware and AI software in beautifully designed and functional packages that make it easier and more enjoyable to interact with computers. In the past Apple was the front runner in that effort, but that lead has vanished. The future race will be exciting.

So what are the investment implications of all the foregoing? While the technological gains by Alphabet and Microsoft are impressive, those gains have not been lost on the market. The unfortunate fact is that there is no technology so good it cannot be overpriced. Although it may be going too far to say the Microsoft and Google are overpriced, they certainly are not cheap. Neither in my view is a particularly good investment. Apple with its huge hoard of cash and is far less expensive according to any standard valuation ratio such as P/E. But there is a reason for that too. Unless Apple can unleash new creativity, I would not recommend purchase of Apple at the current levels. The bottom line? Chalk one up for market efficiency. 
2016-07-22
Intel Corporation May Have Started Shipping XMM 7360 to Apple Inc. It has been rumored for quite some time that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is set to provide its XMM 7360 modems for some portion of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 7 series of devices.

Based on comments from both Intel and Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) on their respective earnings calls, it now seems clear to me that Intel is, indeed, inside of the next generation iPhone.

The comments from Intel and Qualcomm

On its earnings call, Intel told investors that during the second quarter of 2016, it began shipping its XMM 7360 modem to customers. Given that Apple is essentially the only major smartphone vendor left that uses stand-alone modems as far as I can tell, it's hard to imagine that Intel is shipping these modems to anyone but Apple.

But, for those who require even more evidence, Qualcomm had the following to say in its own prepared remarks with respect to its chip business:

We are on track to deliver operating margins of 16% or better in QCT in the fourth fiscal quarter and it is important to note that our planning assumptions incorporates second sourcing at our large modem customer.

It's well understood that Apple is Qualcomm's "large modem customer," so it seems quite clear that Apple will be second sourcing from another company. That company is almost certainly Intel.

As far as trying to figure out the order allocations to the two chipmakers, it's hard to get a read. Intel didn't say anything and even Qualcomm's Cristiano Amon said that it's "very difficult for [Qualcomm] to comment specifically about our customer plans with regards to volume and share."

What Intel has to say about its future modem products

Even though Intel appears to have won some share at Apple, investors are likely interested in getting a sense of whether the chipmaker will be able to continue winning spots inside of future iPhones. On the call, analyst Vivek Arya asked the following question:

Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, Brian, I'm curious. There are expectations of Intel becoming successful with your 4G modems in the back half, and I'm curious. How's the longer-term visibility around sustaining growth in the business and just the timing as to when you can bring those products from foundry to your own fabs?

CEO Brian Krzanich began by explaining that in order to "stay on a leading-edge modem" a company needs to "have a yearly cadence of modem technology."

The executive went on to assure investors that Intel does have such a pipeline of modem products and that the company has these products "built out and planned for the next several years."

As far as when the company plans to transition its modems away from third-party manufacturing (Intel currently manufacturers its modems at third-party foundries rather than in its own factories), Krzanich held off on giving specifics.

"We haven't publicly stated when we'll bring it inside, but we clearly plan to," Krzanich said. "We'll do that when the right point of intercepting the road map and getting the right performance off the 14-nanometer is required."

Based on this response, I doubt that the company's follow-on to the XMM 7360, known as the XMM 7480, will be manufactured in Intel's factories. Perhaps the XMM 7560, which was mentioned in a leaked memo from Intel's Murthy Renduchintala, might come in on the 14-nanometer process. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Reclaims The Title Of World's Favorite Company Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has regained the top spot as the world s favorite brand after having lost out to Google last year in the FutureBrand Analysis of the top 100 listed companies globally. Every year, FutureBrand takes a peek at the 100 greatest organizations in terms of market capitalization in about 17 countries, asking around 3,000 customers and industry experts to give their positioning of the companies. They call it perception strength rather than financial strength.

Apple regains the top spot

It s not certain how regularly and genuinely individuals share their sentiments about the world s top 100 organizations, and for this, we should thank the branding organizations which encourage them to do this. For instance, FutureBrand calls itself  the creative future company,  and for years, their work has been to define and deliver future brand experiences.

For this year, Apple regained the top spot as the most-liked company after last year when Google pushed the iPhone maker to second place. Passion and admiration were the two greatest feelings bought forward by Apple this year. There has been no comment from the Cupertino-based firm on this accomplishment.

Google no longer remains one of the 100 largest companies but is now part of Alphabet. Hence, Apple does not have to worry about competing with Google any longer. The iPhone maker now has to compete with Alphabet, which is at 21st place.

Strangely, this positioning comes out during a time when Apple s future, according to some commentators, is said to be less clear. iPhone sales have started to slow down, and Apple s next iPhone is said to be very similar to the last one.

Tech names dominate the list

If we observe the rankings of the companies, the continued prevalence of tech companies is very evident. They are not merely large, but also liked. Microsoft acquired second place with high scores in passion and admiration. Microsoft is seen as a company with an excellent near-term future. Samsung jumped to the third position from seventh. It incited far more feelings of indifference. The Korean firm scored highly on the idea of innovations and of having a brilliant future.

Facebook and Amazon were also among the top 10. Comcast was positioned at 86, Vodafone was at 88 and Verizon sat at 83. These companies were listed as the lowest-ranking tech companies. Oil and tobacco companies and banks lie at the bottom of the list. 
2016-09-08
1 Way Apple Inc. Is Moving Faster Than Intel Corporation Ever since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unleashed its A7 chip onto the world, a chip that the company's marketing team claimed to have "desktop class" performance, there has been rampant speculation that Apple may someday opt to ditch Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors for home-grown Apple-designed chips.

I don't think that's likely to happen in the near-future, but a case can seriously be made that Apple is moving at a faster clip than Intel in terms of ultra-mobile chip performance. Allow me to explain.

Meet Kaby Lake and A10 Fusion

This year, Apple's big new chip is the A10 Fusion found inside of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Intel's new chip -- at least for ultra-thin notebooks and 2-in-1 devices   is a chip marketed as seventh generation Core (though I'll refer to it by its code name, Kaby Lake, as Intel's branding is fairly cumbersome).

The A10 Fusion is believed to be manufactured on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's 16-nanometer technology, the same tech that was used to build a portion of last year's A9 chips. Kaby Lake is manufactured on an enhanced version of Intel's 14-nanometer technology, known as 14-nanometer+, that was used to build the company's previous generation personal computer processor family known as Skylake.

So, in terms of manufacturing, neither Apple nor Intel gets a large generational leap (though Intel probably delivers a bigger jump here relative to what Apple had to work with).

However, what Apple has done in terms of the actual chip design is much more aggressive.

A10 Fusion sees huge design improvements, unlike Kaby Lake

With the A10 Fusion chip, Apple appears to have completely overhauled the design relative to the prior generation A9. The CPU cores look improved, the graphics processor looks new, and Apple was keen to tout the enhanced image signal processor (critical for the operation of the camera) inside of the new offering. I wouldn't be surprised to learn of additional goodies inside the A10 as details become public.

Kaby Lake, in contrast, is essentially Skylake implemented in an improved manufacturing process with some enhancements to the media engine to support more complex content.

To be clear: Skylake was and still is a really good processor for personal computers, and Kaby Lake should continue to be a leading chip family for personal computers. However, the generation-over-generation improvements that Intel delivered with this new offering simply weren't close to what Apple was able to deliver with the A10 Fusion.

Intel needs to run faster

Although Apple and Intel are not direct competitors -- in fact, Apple buys Intel's personal computer processors for its Mac lineup -- I do think that the advancements that Apple, and others in the smartphone chip space have made, should serve to push Intel to be more aggressive with the improvements that it delivers with each new processor generation.

The key areas that Intel needs to focus on are CPU performance, graphics performance, and integration of additional components (something that I covered extensively here).

According to respected processor analyst David Kanter with The Linley Group in a statement to EETimes, the reason that Kaby Lake didn't see a significant architectural improvement is that "by the time Intel discovered the yield issues with 14 [nanometer] and that they would continue for 10 [nanometer], they could not tell their architecture teams to tweak the CPU and GPU cores again."

The good news is that Intel's third generation of 10-nanometer product, known as Tiger Lake, has been in the works since at least late 2015, so Intel should have plenty of time to bring more substantial improvements to the chip. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Downgraded Following iPhone 7 Unveiling Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is so far following the typical post-iPhone reveal trend by tumbling after Wednesday s big unveiling. The iPhone maker even picked up a downgrade from analysts at Wells Fargo, who expect its stock to remain range-bound in the near term. Overall, the general consensus on Wall Street seems to be that the iPhone 7 is good enough, although there is one major outlier predicting that the iPhone 7 will not bring a return to growth and calling for investors to sell Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock.

Apple (AAPL) stock downgraded to Market Perform

Wells Fargo analyst Maynard Um said in his post-reveal report that he has downgraded Apple stock from Outperform to Market Perform and cut his valuation range from $115 to $125 to a new range of $105 to $120 per share. The reason is because he expects the stock to remain range-bound for some time because the positives surrounding the iPhone 7 were as expected and quite obvious to those who look.

He believes that now that the end of the calendar year is in sight, sell-through of iPhones is becoming more important than sell-in. He notes that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has climbed 12% since the earnings surprise on July 26, compared to the S&P 500 s 1% gain in the same time frame. Add the limited visibility to that, and he believes the risk/ reward is now balanced.

iPhone 7 to launch in more countries earlier

The analyst notes that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has added more countries at launch for the iPhone 7, which could add to first weekend sales. However, this could reduce sales in future quarters. Preorders start September 9, and the phones start shipping September 16 with only eight days left in the quarter. The iPhone 7 will be available in more than twice as many countries at launch than the iPhone 6s was last year (28 versus 12), and Apple sold 13 million units in the first weekend last year.

As a result, it seems nearly a guarantee that the company will again have a record-setting first weekend, although CNBC reported that it will not release first weekend preorder sales numbers any longer. The reason is because Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) expects supply constraints and thus expects to sell out of the iPhone 7 because of the extra countries and limited supply.

Looking out to next year s iPhone 8, Um believes it s just too early to invest in that cycle because there is limited visibility despite the potential for it to be a massive cycle.

Um pointed out that some people may find the iPhone 7 to be inconvenient because it no longer has a 3.5mm headphone jack. Instead, the Lightning port must be used to attach headphones, which means the phone can t be charged while the headphones are attached.

A good enough iPhone 7?

One phrase I observed in multiple analyst reports about the iPhone 7 was  good enough,  a phrase that was also used prior to Wednesday s event. Nomura analyst Jeffrey Kvaal referred to Wednesday s reveal as  sufficient  and expects to see a boost in average selling price and margins as the iPhone 6 is being retired because he believes the 6 was cannibalizing the 6s. He also noted that while Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) unveiled the AirPods and other products, they won t be available until the holidays. He suggests that perhaps these products are late because otherwise the company might not have profiled them at the show.

BMO analyst Tim Long also called the iPhone 7  good enough  as all was pretty much as expected. The dual-lens camera is only on the Plus model, as expected, but optical image stabilization came to the standard iPhone 7 model. As a result, he believes the iPhone 8 next year might have the dual-lens camera.

Analysts generally see the addition of water resistance as a huge attraction this year as well.

Hugely contrarian call on the iPhone 7 and Apple (AAPL) stock

BGC analyst Colin Gillis may have the lowest price target on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock on all of Wall Street at $85 per share. He also has a Sell rating on it. While most analysts are very hesitant to speak badly of the company or its precious iPhone, Gillis boldly states that he doesn t think the iPhone 7 is good enough to bring a return to growth.

He sees two big problems with the new flagship. One is that the incremental improvements have led him to model a 5% decline in iPhone revenue for fiscal 2017, and he actually sees downside risk even to that estimate. He notes that the overall smartphone market is expected to decelerate to a 1.6% growth rate this year, according to IDC projections. He expects Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to lose market share over the next year.

The other is the change in storage options, which is interesting because every other analyst praised this decision. While most others expect the change in storage to boost average selling prices, Gillis believes that it will probably have a negative impact. He thinks customers who usually choose a mid or top-tier storage option might decide that the entry or mid-tier is enough. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) bumped up the bottom tier to 32GB and raised the top tier to 256GB. According to Gillis, the negative impact could be a drag of between $20 and $50 per iPhone, effectively deleting revenue that s nearly pure profit.

The BGC analyst also clarified Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook s comments about people switching to an iPhone from Android. Cook said on the fourth fiscal quarter earnings call that Android switchers made up 30% of iPhone buyers, which sounds impressive. However, Gillis notes that this amounts to only 6% of Android users. Further, it doesn t account for people switching from an iPhone to Android. How Apple's iPhone Announcement Reveled Benefits For Cirrus Logic Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRUS) is one of the companies that stands to gain from the announcement of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, according to Stifel analysts Tore Svanberg and Erik Rasmussen. As a result, the analysts have boosted the price target from $55 to $58 while reiterating a Buy rating on the company's shares.

The brokerage pointed out that the removal of the 3.5mm audio port and stereo speakers would be a positive factor for Cirrus following the improvements to audio/voice technology disclosed by the tech bellwether. The new smartphone would be shipped "in-box with both EarPods with Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.55mm Headphone Jack Adapter."

Related Link: 5 Key Apple Takeaways, Courtesy Of Toni Sacconaghi

The analysts pointed out that these changes were on the expected lines and expressed confidence that these would fuel increased value for Cirrus, as the audio and voice features are poised for the new era in electronics.

In a research note to clients, the brokerage said, "Overall, we are expecting Cirrus' content to be up roughly 70 percent y/y, or in the $5.50 $6.00 range, which now includes 2 amplifiers, 1 smart codec, 1 digital headset and 1 adapter (MEMS not included, as this opportunity is still viewed a couple of years out before the company can reach capacity of tens of millions of units shipped)."

Stifel thinks it would be able to provide more insight and visibility after the iPhone maker ships the product, though the latest event is a positive factor for Cirrus.

At time of writing, Cirrus was down 0.37 percent at $51.44.

Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro.

Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card!

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas General

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-07-27
Cramer: Apple's Declining Revenue Is Bullish For Apple's Stock Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) reported on Tuesday that its fiscal 2016 third-quarter revenue fell to $42.4 billion from $49.6 billion a year. The company's net income also fell to $7.8 billion from $10.7 billion over the same time period.

So, why are shares of Apple surging Wednesday morning and having its best trading performance in recent memory?

CNBC's Jim Cramer has a simple answer to explain what appears to be twisted logic at the surface. Apple's quarterly results fit in with a general theme occurring the market in which companies are reporting results that are "good enough."

Cramer said during his daily "Mad Money" show on Tuesday that there were "many worries," especially among Apple's bullish investors, that the results could have been "far worse."

"Nope," Cramer added. "It was good enough. Better than we thought three months ago."

Related Link: History Says Odds Are Apple Shares Will Be Higher In 30 Days Than They Will Be Today

Aside from Apple beating analyst expectations, its services-related revenue "keeps on growing," and the one segment alone will be the size of a Fortune 100 company this time next year.

Cramer noted that the smallest company in the Fortune 100 ranking boasts a valuation of $28 billion but Apple's CEO Tim Cook said its value will be more than that.

Cramer also stated that Apple's quarterly results reinforces his view that investors should "own" Apple's stock and not "trade" it.

"I think this quarter could very well mark the bottom of the cycle," Cramer said. "Good enough for certain."

Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro.

Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card!

Posted-In: CNBC Earnings Long Ideas Guidance Jim Cramer Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Analyst Upgrades: Apple Inc., Edwards Lifesciences Corp, and Analog Devices, Inc. Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Learn more about us >>

Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1981 by industry pioneer Bernie Schaeffer, we've since become a trusted source of research and analysis for individual investors and major financial media outlets alike. If You Sold Apple Following BGC's Downgrade, Here's How Much Money You Missed ... Analysts at BGC downgraded shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) on Monday afternoon.

BGC's Colin Gillis argued in his report that Apple and its stock already reached "peak Tim Cook" more than a year ago when the company was worth $775 billion.

Related Link: BGC Cuts Apple To $85: 'The Muse That Drove Apple Has Gone Somewhere Else'

The analyst cited several reasons for his downgrade, many of which were sentiments shared by even Apple's bull crowd. For example, there is the ongoing risk that Apple's next iPhone release will see a slower upgrade cycle compared to prior releases.

Gillis' thesis against owning Apple's stock is a longer-term call and as an analyst his job is to advise investors on Apple's stock, not traders. In other words, no analyst on Wall Street can and should be faulted for short-term volatility.

With that said, investors who did take Gillis advice and sell Apple's stock are missing out on Apple's upside.

Shares of Apple hit an intra-day low of $96.42 following Gillis' downgrade. On Wednesday, Apple's stock hit an intra-day high of $104.35. This corresponds to a move of 8 percent or a move of $7.93 per share.

Apple's stock regained around $40 billion of its market capitalization since Tuesday's low.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple Earnings BGC Capital Colin GillisAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple sees utilizing about $13 bln for capex during 2016 - filing  
2016-06-10
Why I Love Apple, Inc. Stock's Dividend Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock recently found favor with legendary investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. In May, an SEC filing revealed Berkshire had invested $1 billion into Apple stock. While I'm sure there are a number of reasons Berkshire decided Apple was a quality investment, I'd guess the tech giant's dividend was one of the main factors. Since Apple reinitiated a dividend in 2012, the company has worked its way into the ranks of some of the most prominent dividend names.

Here's exactly why I love Apple's dividend.

1. It's meaningful.

Apple's dividend yield hasn't always been meaningful, but the stock's approximate 23% decline in the past 12 months has boosted Apple's dividend yield to meaningful levels. The company's dividend yield, which is defined as dividends paid out per share in the past 12 months divided by the stock price, is at about 2.3% today -- far higher than the dividend yield of 1.5% a year ago.

Sure, a 2.3% dividend yield isn't high enough to get income investors jumping out of their seats, but it's at least meaningful after the stock's decline. But Apple makes up for what it lacks in dividend yield in the next two points.

2. It's sustainable.

Income investors are just as concerned with sustainability as they are with dividend yields. After all, what good is a high dividend yield if investors can't say with some certainty that they expect the dividend to still be around in five to 10 years.

Apple's dividend scores an A-plus for sustainability. A cash-rich balance sheet, heady cash flow, loyal customer base, and a low payout ratio mean the tech giant can continue paying out its dividend even in the face of significant headwinds. For instance, Apple has generated a whopping $52 billion in free cash flow, or cash from operations less capital expenditures, during the past 12 months. Of this monstrous stream of free cash flow, Apple paid out just $12 billion in dividends during this period.

The commonly used payout ratio metric, which equals dividends paid in the trailing-12-month period as a percentage of earnings, also illustrates how Apple has ample wiggle room in terms of dividend payouts. Apple's payout ratio is just 23% -- much lower than payout ratios of many popular dividend stocks, which are often well over 50%.

3. It's increasing.

Apple has increased its dividend every single year since 2012. And management has every intention to continue doing this for years to come.

In 2014, Apple issued a press release informing investors of the company's plans "to increase its dividend on an annual basis." The move solidified Apple's appeal to dividend investors.

And the increases to Apple's dividend have been substantial, averaging about 11% annually. This year, Apple increased its quarterly dividend per share from $0.52 to $0.57 -- or from $2.08 to $2.28 on an annual basis. This represents a 9.6% increase -- about in line with the company's average dividend hike of 11%.

Combining Apple's meaningful dividend yield, its likelihood to persist for years to come, and management's commitment to continue increasing the dividend on an annual basis, Apple is a great stock for investors looking for reliable and growing dividend payouts. 3 Apple Inc. Suppliers That Could Benefit from the iPhone 7 Launch In September, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to unveil its next generation iPhone, presumably called the iPhone 7. The device is going to be a particularly important one for the company as it looks to recover from the slump in sales that it suffered from throughout the iPhone 6s cycle.

Although it's far too early to tell how well the device will do in the market, particularly as the weak reception to the iPhone 6s series seemingly came as a surprise to everyone (including Apple itself), there are a number of Apple suppliers that should benefit from the launch. Here are three.

1. Intel

Chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has been harshly criticized for largely missing out on the smartphone revolution. The company has tried for years to build products suitable for smartphones, but aside from a few token design wins, it has been unsuccessful.

However, there are several reports that Intel will win the modem/baseband spot inside some percentage of the next generation iPhones that ship. If the reports are true, then whether Apple sees iPhone unit growth or not over the coming product cycle, Intel should benefit by virtue of simply shipping modems to Apple during this iPhone cycle when it hadn't in many previous cycles.

Looking longer-term, if Intel can execute to a series of competitive modem products, it may be able to continue to win spots in future iPhones. This isn't likely to be a huge revenue/profit driver for the company, but as long as Intel can generate incremental profit from such deals, I don't think shareholders will complain.

2. Broadcom

Today's Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) is a combination of a company that was formerly known as Broadcom (management refers to it as "Classic Broadcom") and Avago. Both Classic Broadcom and Avago were suppliers to Apple. Avago provided RF filters while Classic Broadcom provided a Wi-Fi chip as well as some other components.

On Broadcom's recent earnings call, management indicated that it expects to see a significant increase in both RF content in the next iPhone (which would benefit "Classic Avago") as well as a boost in Wi-Fi content (which benefits "Classic Broadcom").

This means that even if iPhone unit sales don't grow much (or at all), Broadcom could still register revenue growth related to the iPhone in the coming product cycle.

3. TSMC

For the A8 chip that powered the iPhone 6/6 Plus, as well as the A8X chip that powered the iPad Air 2, Apple moved away from longtime chip manufacturing partner Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and toward Taiwan-based contract chip manufacturer TSMC (NYSE:TSM).

For the A9 chip that powered the iPhone 6s/iPhone 6s Plus, Apple split the orders between TSMC and Samsung (and it is generally believed that TSMC got the minority allocation of the orders).

However, for the upcoming A10 chip, it is widely believed that Apple will move back to TSMC exclusively. Furthermore, it is expected that the A10 will use TSMC's new chip packaging technology known as InFO, which should give TSMC greater content share.

In this case, just as with Intel and Broadcom, TSMC should benefit from this coming iPhone cycle whether or not iPhone shipments ultimately grow or not. Falling Apple Inc. Pulls Down Tech Sector Apple will be a focus company for the market during the upcoming week, as the tech giant is scheduled to hold its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) from June 13 through June 17. In terms of earnings for the calendar second quarter (fiscal third quarter for Apple), the current mean EPS estimate is $1.40, compared to year-ago actual EPS of $1.85. If Apple reports a year-over-year decline in EPS for Q2 2016, it will mark the second straight quarter that the company has reported a year-over-year decline in EPS. The last time Apple reported two consecutive quarters of year-over-year earnings declines was Q2 2013 through Q3 2013 (fiscal Q3 2013 through Q4 2013 for AAPL).

As a result of this projected decline in EPS, Apple is expected to be the largest contributor to the estimated earnings decline for the S&P 500 Information Technology sector for Q2 2016. The estimated earnings decline for the Information Technology sector is -7.3%. Excluding Apple, the estimated earnings decline for the sector would improve to -2.1%.

As of today, if Apple reports actual EPS equal to or below the mean EPS estimate for the quarter, it will mark the first time that AAPL has been the largest detractor to earnings growth for the Information Technology sector for two consecutive quarters since Q2 2013 through Q3 2013.

iPhone Sales a Major Contributor to Apple s Slide

What is driving Apple s substantial contribution to the estimated earnings decline for the Information Technology sector for Q2 2016? Over the past three years on average, the iPhone product segment has accounted for about 60% of the total revenues generated by AAPL. From Q1 2014 through Q4 2015, the iPhone product segment reported average year-over-year revenue growth of 31%.

However, last quarter (Q1 2016), the segment reported a year-over-year decline in revenues of -18%. For Q2 2016, the iPhone product segment is projected to report a year-over-year decline in revenues of -22%.

Read more about earnings trends in this edition of FactSet Earnings Insight. Visit www.factset.com/earningsinsight to launch the latest report.

Receive stories like this to your inbox as they are published. Subscribe by e-mail and follow @FactSet on Twitter. If you are looking to source FactSet data or analytics in your publication, email [email protected] Intel said to get chip order from Apple - StreetInsider, citing Bloomberg  
2016-09-11
Where Will Apple Inc. Stock Be in 10 Years? The headwinds facing Apple(NASDAQ: AAPL)today are well known. Sales of the iPhone, iPad, and Mac are all declining. The Apple Watch, a market leader in smartwatches, hasn't become a meaningful source of revenue yet. The company's software services are growing, but they still can't offset the importance of the iPhone, which generated over halfits sales last quarter.

Continue Reading Below

Image source: Apple.

Most importantly, Apple has arguably become a follower instead of an innovator. The Apple Watch wasn't a big leap over other smartwatches, the iPad Pro resemblesMicrosoft's Surface Pro, and the dual cameras on the iPhone 7 resemble the Leica-designed dual cameras on Huawei's P9.

Apple stock looks cheap today at 12 times earnings, but where will it head over the next decade? Let's discuss Apple's upcoming products, the headwinds it faces, and the stock's valuations to find out.

What's next for Apple?

Apple is currently trying to grow its services revenue -- from Apple Pay, Apple Music, Apple Care, iTunes, licensing, and other services -- to reduce its dependence on hardware. Last quarter, its services revenue rose 19% annually to $5.98 billion, or 14% of its top line. That represents solid progress from 12% of revenue in the previous quarter and 9% of revenue in the prior year quarter.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

As for hardware, Apple hopes that it can sell more iOS devices to enterprise customers to offset its stagnant growth among mainstream consumers. Enterprise partnerships with IBM, Cisco, and other tech giants arehelping it gain more traction in cloud-based work and collaboration apps.

Apple is also reportedly developingaugmented reality (AR) apps and virtual reality (VR) headsets, which couldgive it new hardware to challenge Facebook's Oculus Rift or Microsoft's Hololens. Its long-rumored "Project Titan" could launch a self-driving electric car by 2021. Its recent $1 billion investment in Chinese ride-hailing appDidi Chuxing, which subsequently acquired Uber China, highlights its growing interest in the connections between mobile devices and connected cars.

Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft.

These are all high-growth markets. Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital estimates that the AR and VR markets will respectively grow to $90 billion and$30 billion valuations by 2020 -- compared to practically nothing in 2015. Boston Consulting Group believes that the driverless car market could also grow from nothing today to $42 billion by2025.

These efforts will also be expensive. Apple willlikely spend $10 billion on R&D this year, up 30% from 2015 and more than triple what it spent four years ago. But with$18 billion in domestic cash and equivalents and $215 billion overseas, it has plenty of room to pursue new investments and acquisitions.

The headwinds it faces

However, Apple also faces massive headwinds as it diversifies away from hardware. Alphabet's dominance of search and mobile operating systems, Facebook's dominance of social networking, Amazon's strength in cloud platforms and e-commerce, and Microsoft's resilience in the enterprise market could make it tough for Apple's software platforms to gain ground.

Major battle lines are already being drawn in connected cars, smart homes, virtual reality, payment systems, cloud storage systems, location-based services, and streaming media. These battles will intensify as Apple expands its ecosystem. Apple will also likely need to build its own data centerstodeclare cloud independence from Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and others so it doesn't continue funding its top rivals.

Moreover, Apple must figure out what to do with its overseas cash. If it doesn't repatriate that cash to the U.S. soon, it risks funding buybacks with debt in a higher interest rate environment. If it repatriates, it will be hit by a massive tax bill of at least 35%. Meanwhile, regional governments like those of the EU, which recently demanded thatApple pay nearly $15 billion in taxes to Ireland, could make it much tougher to stash its cash overseas.

So where will Apple be in 10 years?

Over the next five years, analysts expect Apple's earnings to grow at an average rate of 7.85% per year. This means that by the fifth year (2021), Apple could post earnings of about $12 per share. Apple's P/E ratio has bounced between 10 to 18 over the past five years. Based on a midpoint P/E of 14, Apple stock could be worth almost $170 by the end of 2021.

Assuming that Apple continues to deliver 8% growth over the following five years, it could post earnings of about $18 per share by 2026. Based on a P/E ratio of 14, a reasonable price for Apple by then would be about $250.

However, long-term analyst forecasts, especially for tech companies, can be extremely inaccurate due to disruptive developments. Sales could accelerate once new software and hardware products arrive, but they could also plunge if those efforts flop. Therefore, it's impossible to know exactly where Apple stock will be in ten years -- but investors should still keep a close eye on these growth opportunities.

A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity

The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.

Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Amazon.com and Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Apple Inc's $15 Billion Tax Bill Could Shake up the Tech Industry Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently unveiled the new iPhone 7 to mixed reviews, and many analysts are busy debating its impact on the tech giant's earnings this year. But investors should note that another major issue hangs over the company -- the  13 billion ($14.7 billion) tax bill it faces in Ireland.

In late August, the EU ruled that Ireland gave Apple illegal tax benefits which lowered its effective corporate tax rate on its profits from 1% in 2003 to 0.0005% in 2014. In other words, Apple allegedly paid just $55 in tax for every $1.12 million in profits it booked in Ireland. It also ruled that Apple avoided higher taxes in other EU countries by reporting all its European profits in Ireland. Other reports indicate that Apple might have funneled two-thirds of all its overseas profits through the country to reduce its global tax burden.

Apple claims to have regularly paid Ireland's 12.5% corporate tax rate on those profits. CEO Tim Cook condemned the ruling as "total political crap" and claimed that the EU commission "just picked a number." The company vowed to appeal the ruling, but the Irish Department of Finance recently admitted that it would likely need to collect the payment. If that happens, it could hurt Apple and other U.S. tech companies with Irish ties.

How badly would this hurt Apple?

The EU ruling won't cripple the company, since $14.7 billion amounts to just 7% of its overseas cash hoard of $215 billion. Even if Apple paid the full amount, it would likely be written off as a one-time charge and wouldn't be considered a major weight on its long-term growth. The EU also stated that the final amount could be reduced by an agreement, or if Apple agreed to pay back the taxes to individual countries.

However, accepting the tax bill could trap Apple between a rock and a hard place. Back in the U.S., members of Congress have called Apple a "corporate tax dodger" for its refusal to repatriate its overseas profits. Apple gets tax credits for overseas taxes, yet the company isn't taxed unless it brings the cash back home. Apple argues that the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35%, one of the highest in the world, is unfair and discourages it from doing so. That's also why it funds its stock buybacks with debt instead of cash.

But there's a silver lining to this dilemma -- if Apple ends up paying the full amount, it can actually earn a 1-for-1 credit on those overseas payments against its U.S. taxes. This means that if Apple is forced to pay the bill, it could repatriate some cash back to the United States while reducing its U.S. tax bill by $14.7 billion.

How other tech giants could be affected

Microsoft, Alphabet, and Facebook also have major presences in Ireland. Like Apple, all three tech giants have been accused of funneling overseas profits through the country to reduce their taxes. This means that they could be next on the chopping block.

All three companies already face plenty of other headaches in the EU. Three years ago, the EU fined Microsoft over $700 million for failing to respect a previous antitrust settlement. The EU is also hitting Alphabet with various antitrust charges, and Facebook faces a privacy probe in Germany which might expand into an antitrust investigation.

Getting hit by large tax bills could force these companies, as well as many other multinationals, to reevaluate the future of their European operations. If the EU continues to scrutinize Ireland, these companies could move to other regions that are willing to exchange lower tax rates for jobs and economic growth.

The bottom line

The EU ruling against Apple is a thorny issue. Apple claims that it played by the rules, but the industry practice of funneling profits through Irish subsidiaries arguably looks like a shell game. This battle will likely drag on for years, but it could dramatically impact Ireland's relationship with the EU and major tech companies. 
2016-01-31
Apple Inc. in Ottawa: Slicing through the speculation With Apple Inc. s intentions still unclear, there is much speculation surrounding exactly what the arrival of the global technology heavyweight could mean to Ottawa s tech sector.

Apple has remained silent about its plans for a 22,000-square-foot space under renovation in Kanata, or how its new vice-president of core operating systems, S bastian Marineau-Mes, will build out the company s Ottawa team.

But in the rumours and discussion spurred by Apple s pending arrival, some common themes are emerging. The most prominent is that its current space is just the beginning of what will become a much larger research and development centre that could employ as many as 200.

That isn t so far-fetched. Apple is on a major research and development expansion, especially as it works toward creating new products, including some sort of Apple car or automotive-related product or service.

It has been luring talent from some of the world s top car companies, including Ford, Volkswagen and Fiat Chrysler. There have been discussions between Apple and BMW. It has hired engineers from electric car companies including Tesla Motor Co., so much so that some of Tesla s development initiatives have been affected.

And Apple appears to be finally looking outside its monster campus in Cupertino, California, for new bases of operation.

It recently announced new R and D facilities in Yokohama, Japan. In February it announced that its Herzliya, Israel, facility had grown to 700 employees, making it Apple s second-largest R and D lab, and a research team in Cambridge, Massachusetts, that works on the Siri speech recognition system has been expanded. And it is considering building a massive R and D centre in San Jose, Calif.

Couple all of this with the hard financial facts.

According to Apple s most recent financial filings, research and development expenses grew to $2.4 billion U.S. in the quarter ending in December, a 27-per-cent increase over the same quarter one year earlier. In fiscal 2015, R and D spending rose 34 per cent over 2014 levels to $8.1 billion U.S.

Apple is aggressively gearing up for something big.

With QNX Software Systems Inc. across the street in Kanata, and with Marineau-Mes, an automotive software and operating systems expert and former QNX executive, in Apple s employ, it s not difficult to envision the third-floor office at 411 Leggett Dr. transforming into something much grander.

Whether it will all work out as Apple hopes is another issue. Glenn Rowe, executive director of Ivey Publishing at Western University, studies employee movement among organizations. According to Rowe, superstar performers at one organization might be highly prized by competitors, but it s often difficult for them to perform up to the same standards somewhere else. Rowe believes that even the brightest stars of an organization function as part of a team. If they are removed from the support of their teammates, they falter.

 Apple has a lot of money and a lot of free cash, and if they want to spend it won t hurt them, but it may not work out in the long run,  said Rowe, adding that employees being wooed should consider their options carefully.  Whether it is a good strategic move is a different question. 

Still, Apple is the company that brought a revolution to the personal computer in 1984. It upended the market for personal music players in 2001 with the iPod, and that same year it forever changed the way we buy music with iTunes. The 2007 release of the iPhone changed the way people think of mobile devices as a whole. And when the iPad arrived in 2009, crowds lined up for the first time to acquire a tablet computer.

None of these was a new device. None was even a new idea. But they were markets in which the company had no experience, and Apple brought in talent and refined ideas from other businesses and ultimately did it better than anyone else. Which is why if Apple has its sights   and its massive $200 billion U.S. cash reserves   on making a car, established players need to take notice.

Still, any automobile or automotive platform that Apple might make will only be as good as the software on which it runs. Which brings us back to Ottawa and Marineau-Mes and his former company. QNX s software runs on more than 50 per cent of the automobiles on the road today. Its superiority was responsible for the demise of Microsoft Corp. s much hyped Sync in-car operating system that was primarily associated with Ford.

The people at QNX know what they re doing, and Apple knows it. If Apple is preparing to give the world some bold new brand of automobile, then Ottawa s technology sector is poised to help in its delivery.

vpilieci@postmedia.com 
2016-02-17
Apple: It's All About Capital Allocation Much has been said and written about Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) growth potential from numerous fields, the outlook for iPhone and Mac sales for the coming quarters and the technical details about every one of Apple's products. In this article I want to take a look at something else: Apple's sources of cash and cash uses.

Let's first take a look at the sources a company can access to get new capital: Debt and equity. The cost of debt is pretty clear when we look at the interest rates the company has to pay on its debt, which depend on several factors, among them the financial strength of said company and the duration of the notes (i.e. borrowing for a couple of months is less expensive than borrowing for a couple of decades). When we look at the capital cost of a company we have to adjust the company's interest expenses for the taxes that the company saves - since interest expenses are a pre tax cost, we have to multiply the interest rate with the factor (1-tax rate/100) to get to the after tax cost of the company's debt.

The other source of capital is through equity - a company can get capital by issuing new shares. The cost of equity can be calculated in different ways, e.g. through the concept of the company's earnings yield, which is the inverse of the company's PE ratio. A company trading at 18 times earnings has net income of $5.56 for every $100 in market capitalization - we can say that the company trades at an earnings yield of 5.56 percent. Another approach to a company's cost of equity is the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which uses the following formula:

The cost of equity depends on the return an investor can expect from risk-free alternatives (e.g. US treasuries), the so called equity risk premium (the additional return the stock market is generating) and the beta of the shares of said company (which measures the volatility).

Both of these approaches to equity costs are not cash costs though (unlike the costs of debt). When we want to look at the cash costs of the equity portion of the company's capital we have to look at the dividends the company is paying to its owners. Unlike interest expenses we do not have to adjust dividends because dividends are paid with after-tax dollars (unlike interest expenses, which are paid with pre-tax dollars).

We can look at Apple's numbers here:

Total debt $63 billion Weighted interest rate 2.5 percent After-tax interest rate 1.8 percent Market capitalization $521 billion PE ratio 10.3 Earnings yield 9.7 percent Equity cost according to CAPM 8.5 percent Dividend yield 2.2 percent

Apple is primarily financed through equity, with the company's market cap roughly eight times as high as the company's long-term debt. Apple's equity cost is 9.7 percent according to the concept of the earnings yield, and 8.5 percent according to the CAPM. We can use the average of these two to get to a cost of equity of 9.1 percent. This is five times as much as the company's after-tax cost of debt, and even the cash cost of Apple's equity (the dividend yield) is higher than the company's after-tax interest rate.

If Apple needs new capital (e.g. to fund future projects like its car), the company should thus look to access said new capital by issuing debt, since the company's cost of equity is a lot higher than the company's cost of debt.

Fortunately, the company does not require any new capital at this point, since the company's operating cash flows are high enough to cover all of the company's capital expenditures - with the remaining free cash flows coming in at an annual run rate of $63 billion. This gets us to another question: Since the company generates more capital than it needs, the company can pay back capital: Either by paying back debt (when the notes mature, or by buying back its notes before they mature), or by buying back its common stock. The decision is pretty easy here since Apple's cost of equity is so much higher than the company's cost of debt the company should not try to reduce its debt, but rather buy back as many shares as possible.

This leads us to another question - would it be beneficial to increase the amount of debt in order to buy back shares with the proceeds? The answer (at least in this case) is yes: By increasing leverage and using debt proceeds to reduce the share count Apple can lower its capital cost and save cash.

Let's look at an example: If Apple chose to issue $50 billion in new debt at an average interest rate of 2.5 percent, the company's after-tax expenses would total $925 million (or 1.85 percent of the $50 billion). If the proceeds are used to repurchase shares at an average price of $95, the company could lower its share count by 526 million. This share count reduction would in turn mean that the company's total dividend payments would decline by $1094 million. Apple would save $1094 million and have new costs of $925 million, on a net basis this would mean that the company's expenses would decline by $169 million. The company's cash flows and net income (after dividend payments) would thus improve by the same amount of roughly $170 million. At the same time, the company's earnings per share would see a huge boost since the company's net income would get divided over a smaller number of shares - earnings per share would increase by roughly 10.5 percent.

We can say that such a move would be highly beneficial for the company: The company's total expenses (we include the dividend here) would decline, the company's cash flow situation would improve and investors would see a huge boost to EPS (and thus ultimately to the value of their shares).

Apple's management knows about this, and thus has repeatedly issued new debt in the last quarters, which has been used in order to fund the company's vast buybacks. Just today we got news about new debt papers being issued - the total amount will be $12 billion. If Apple uses all $12 billion in order to fund share repurchases, the company would save about $40 million in cash a year (due to dividend payments being lower, partially offset by higher interest expenses) and earnings per share would increase by two and a half percent - the effect would not be as big as in the example I used above, but recognizable still. Luca Maestri, Apple's CFO, has stated that the company would be "very active" in debt markets in 2016 we can thus assume that this will not be the only issuance of new debt this year. $50 billion, the amount I used in the above example, seems not unlikely when we spread this out over four separate issuance dates (one per quarter) at $12 billion (or slightly above) each.

Issuing new debt (in order to finance buybacks and other corporate activities) provides an additional advantage if the notes are issued in a currency other than the US dollar. Let's look at Apple's debt denominated in   as an example: Apple has repeatedly issued debt in  , e.g. in September 2015 and November 2014. Apart from being slightly cheaper than debt in dollars (e.g. Apple's low pre tax interest rate of just 2 percent for bonds maturing in 2027) issuing debt in other currencies provides a natural hedge against unwelcome currency movements.

When Apple sells bonds totaling  10 billion, the proceeds are converted to US dollars in order to use them to finance buybacks. This would mean $11.3 billion at the current rate, enough to buy back 119 million shares (which will lead to the known benefits of lower cash costs and higher EPS). When the bond matures the company can finance the repayment by converting dollars back to Euros and paying back the note.

There are three possibilities for the currency rates for Euros and dollars at the time the bond matures and has to be paid back:

- The rate is the same as at the time the bond has been issued. Nothing would happen in this case, but Apple still has saved money since the   debt has been cheaper than the debt.

- The Euro is more expensive than it is right now. In this case Apple would have to pay more than $11.3 billion to pay back its  10 billion notes, which would mean currency losses for Apple. On the other hand this would mean higher operating profits for the company since its income from the products (and services) Apple sells in Europe is higher when the Euro is more expensive.

- The Euro is less expensive than it is right now. In this case Apple would have to pay back less than $11.3 billion to pay back its  10 billion notes, which would mean currency gains for the company. This would (at least partially) offset the negative impact a declining Euro has on Apple's earnings (since Apple's operations in Europe are less profitable when the Euro is cheap relative to the dollar).

We can summarize that issuing notes in non-dollar currencies helps hedge against negative currency impacts, and thus helps stabilize earnings (in addition to the benefit of a very low interest rate for notes issued in other currencies than the dollar).

Takeaway

Apple has a rather high cost of equity and a very low cost of debt. It is thus a wise decision to increase the company's leverage in order to lower the cost of capital.

By issuing debt and using the proceeds to repurchase shares Apple can lower its cash expenses and increase earnings per share at the same time, and if said debt is issued in currencies other than the dollar the company gets a free hedge against the negative impact of a strong dollar at the same time.

I believe management's decision to increase debt levels this year is prudent and could be very profitable for shareholders. By improving the company's capital structure Apple can create additional shareholder value in times when organic growth is lower than in previous years. Are Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Headed For a VR Headset War? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet's Android (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have been fierce rivals in mobile devices, but that rivalry could soon extend to augmented and virtual reality headsets.

Apple's recent purchases of AR/VR firms Metaio, Faceshift, Emotient, and Flyby Media all suggest that it is developing its own headset. A recent Financial Times report claims that Apple's "secret" AR/VR team has already designed prototype headsets which resemble Microsoft's HoloLens and Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift. Apple also recently hired Doug Bowman, a former Virginia Tech computer science professor who is considered one of the leading VR experts in the country.

Google is reportedly developing a stand-alone VR headset which won't require a phone, computer, or gaming console, according to the Wall Street Journal. Google also plans to launch a more advanced plastic version of its Cardboard viewer which is equipped with computer chips and sensors. Last month, Google named Clay Bavor, the creator of Cardboard, as its first VR chief.

Let's compare Apple and Google's approaches to the fledgling VR market, and how their devices could impact Facebook, Sony, Samsung, and HTC's VR plans.

Why Apple needs a VR headset

Apple is likely developing a VR headset to diversify its business away from the iPhone, which generated 68% of its first quarter revenue. Total shipments only inched up 0.4% annually during the quarter, and will likely fall in the second quarter.

Apple has only dabbled in AR and VR in the past. The company launched a VR music video starring U2 in its "Experience Buses" last November, which let fans experience the video on Oculus headsets and Beats headphones. iPhones are also compatible with Google Cardboard and Mattel's new VR View-Master. But until now, it wasn't clear how Apple planned to directly profit from the growth of the AR and VR markets.

If the reports about a dedicated headset are accurate, Apple will probably enter the market in the same way it did with smartwatches -- with a product which only arrives after first movers reveal the market's strengths and weaknesses. As with the Apple Watch, Apple will likely rely on its brand and ecosystem strength to capture a piece of the market and expand its mainstream appeal.

However, it's unlikely that an iOS-based Apple VR headset will compete directly against the PC-tethered Oculus Rift, PS4-based PlayStation VR, or Android-based headsets like the Gear VR. Instead, it will likely be sold as a peripheral for the iPhone to support sales of next-gen iPhones. The device might also be synced to the Apple Watch to track hand movements, or connect to the Apple TV for VR media or gaming experiences.

Why Google needs a VR headset

Meanwhile, it's less clear why Google would create its own stand-alone headset. After all, Android-powered smartphones can already be converted into VR headsets with Cardboard or other similar products. However, the VR experiences on these devices still pale in comparison to Facebook's Oculus Rift.

Facebook's Oculus Home ecosystem also represents a direct threat to Google's future in VR. Oculus Home, which was introduced last year, is a VR store that lets users buy games, videos, and experiences directly from the Rift. Samsung, the largest Android device manufacturer in the world, already tethered its $99 Gear VR headset to Oculus Home. This indicates that Samsung -- which has repeatedly tried to reduce its dependence on Google's ecosystem -- prefers to be tethered to Facebook instead of Google. If other Android OEMs follow Samsung's lead, Oculus Home could become the VR equivalent of Google Play and cut Google out of the loop.

Faced with these two challenges, it would be logical for Google to produce a high-end VR headset locked into a dedicated Google Play Store for VR devices. That storefront could challenge Oculus Home and discourage Android OEMs from following Samsung into Facebook's backyard. Not much is known about Google's headset, but the Journal reports that the headset will track a user's motion with outward-facing cameras instead of synchronizing with a smartphone, PC, or console.

Who will win the VR war?

I expect the upcoming VR battle to split the market along platform lines this year. Facebook and HTC/Valve will clash on the PC front, Sony will prevent other VR headsets from connecting to the PS4, and Microsoft will connect the HoloLens to Windows 10 PCs and Xbox Ones.

Apple's entrance into the VR market will probably resemble Sony's -- a dedicated play to strengthen its own hardware and software ecosystem. Google will likely enter the market to prevent Facebook from taking over Android devices with its Oculus Home ecosystem. If Apple's VR headset is a hit, it can diversify its top line while casting a "halo effect" on sales of other iOS devices. If Google's sells well, it can prevent Facebook from disrupting its mobile ecosystem with VR apps. Apple: The Myth Of Enormous iPhone Profitability  Apple Bonds See Higher Rates A couple of weeks ago, I detailed why I thought Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) should come out and issue more bonds. Management stated it would be entering the debt markets this year as it continues to execute a tremendous capital return plan. While the company did recently take out more debt, it appears that management may have missed an even better opportunity.

On Wednesday morning, a prospectus was released that contains the terms of Apple's latest debt deal. In the table below, I've compared the most comparable issues between the latest deal and the US dollar one from May 2015, in regards to fixed rate issues. There were also other issuances involved in these deals, but some were floating rate and in a case or two there were maturity times that did not match from deal to deal.

You will notice that the only truly comparable issue is the 10-Year bond, since it has the same dollar amount. I bring that up because since the May 2015 debt deal, the 10-Year US Treasury rate has declined by about 35 basis points. Despite that decline, Apple is paying 5 basis points more, showing an increased risk profile regarding the name. A lower stock price thanks to iPhone worries probably has investors looking for a little more of a risk premium.

In all five instances, Apple's interest rate was higher than it was for the past deal. This is where I wonder if management missed an opportunity for lower rates. As you will see in the chart below, the US 10-Year rate was much lower last week, falling to a low of 1.57%. On Wednesday morning, rates are about 25 basis points higher than that, a substantial jump as US markets have rallied the last few trading days and investors have fled safe haven Treasuries.

While hindsight is 20/20, one must wonder what rates Apple could have gotten if it filed this debt deal last week. For the five issues listed above, the May 2015 weighted average interest rate was about 2.99%, but that jumped to 3.21% for the February 2016 issues. A debt offering last week probably would have likely saved Apple at least 10 basis points. That would have saved Apple about $9 million or so a year in pre-tax interest costs. While that doesn't seem like much in the Apple universe, every little bit adds up in the end, especially if you translate the savings over the life of these issuances.

While interest rates and US markets have rallied from last week's low, so too have Apple shares, by nearly $5. Had this debt deal taken place last week, it might have allowed the company to come in and repurchase shares at lower prices. There have been many critics of Apple's buyback in recent years, especially with the repurchase of shares well above $120. Getting shares on the cheap allows the company to repurchase more shares, and retires shares at an even higher dividend yield. I recently looked at the dividend situation in regards to the buyback, and you can read that article here.

In the end, Apple did come out with another huge issue of debt, which will allow the company to step in and repurchase tens of millions of shares. The company did pay higher rates this time around than its May 2015 deal, and while some of that was due to higher principal amounts, one must wonder what would have happened if this deal came a week earlier. Overall, a weighted average interest rate in the low 3s seems like a decent deal, especially after tax-savings, given Apple's dividend yield is currently 2.14%. Going forward, it will be interesting to see how much of this money is spent in the current quarter to repurchase shares, and if all of it is, does Apple increase its total buyback amount at the April earnings report?

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Investors are always reminded that before making any investment, you should do your own proper due diligence on any name directly or indirectly mentioned in this article. Investors should also consider seeking advice from a broker or financial adviser before making any investment decisions. Any material in this article should be considered general information, and not relied on as a formal investment recommendation. AAPL Stock: Why Is Apple Inc. Borrowing $12 Billion? Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) is the most valuable company in the world. Every now and then Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) will rally and claim the throne, but Apple s been at the top of the heap for years now, having taken the crown from Exxon Mobil Corporation ( XOM ) a few years back.

Currently, the public markets think it s worth $535 billion, a full $50 billion more than Alphabet. So, when AAPL stock owners learn that the company just took to the debt markets to raise $12 billion, they ll be excused for scratching their heads.

The move is even more confounding when you re poking around researching AAPL stock and you take a gander at its financials. On its balance sheet, you ll see that  

Apple Has $216 Billion in Cash

You don t have to know much about the stock market to sense that there s something nonsensical about borrowing money when you have more than enough cash to finance anything you need. Why would AAPL borrow $12 billion   and agree to pay it back with interest   when it s literally the most profitable company in the world?

There are currently four active U.S. mints, located in Philadelphia, Denver, San Francisco and West Point. The de facto corporate mint of the U.S. is in Cupertino, California. And that mint is borrowing money?

It s one of the most important concepts in corporate finance: minimizing cost of capital. Free money is better than money you ve gotta pay back with interest.

Don t worry, Tim Cook & Co. have taken Capital Allocation 101. They re not driving AAPL stock into the ground (purposefully).

The Caveat to the AAPL Stock Cash

We see the $216 billion figure bandied about almost daily in discussions about AAPL stock. But what is rarely addressed is the fact that a whopping 93% of that is held overseas, essentially trapped. Due to U.S. tax laws, Apple would have to pay taxes on that cash   which it already paid taxes on abroad   just for the privilege of bringing it back to the States.

Do the math: 93% of $216 billion is $201 billion. At a 35% repatriation tax, AAPL would pay $70 billion to Uncle Sam to bring it back home; the $200 billion becomes $130 billion. At a 40% rate, Apple pays $80 billion and returns with just $120 billion.

This draconian rate is the reason CEO Tim Cook said on a recent 60 Minutes episode that Apple would  never  repatriate its cash with the current tax code.

Since Apple must do everything at a very large scale, yesterday s $12 billion bond offering actually makes sense. Apple has a certain amount of clout, making lenders more likely to lend at a lower rate than it would to others. Interest rates are at historical lows, and there s little doubt that AAPL will be able to earn a return greater than its borrowing cost.

The order book for the $12 billion offering was $30 billion, meaning creditors had 2.5 times the demand that Apple could supply.

The $12 billion doesn t materially change things for AAPL stock. The company will use the funds for  general corporate purposes,  which is exceptionally vague but means that Apple could use the money for things like paying off other debt, or even making an acquisition.

Hey, now that I think about it   isn t it curious that Apple just borrowed $12 billion   Twitter Inc s ( TWTR ) current market cap?

Coincidence?

Yes. Twitter is a garbage heap.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Apple Inc - US appeals court upholds Apple e-book settlement - Reuters  
2016-06-28
Apple Inc. (AAPL): Warnings About Japan And The Super-Cycle Hype Analysts from multiple firms are trying to sell the view that the iPhone 8 (or whatever 2017 s model ends up being called) will trigger another super-cycle of growth for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), but that may not turn out to be the case. CNBC s Jim Cramer cautions against what he calls  hype  about a super-cycle being triggered by the 2017 iPhone.

Margins are also still in focus, and UBS analysts are warning that changes in Japan might hurt the company s highest-margin market.

Apple (AAPL) may lose share in Japan: UBS

In a report dated June 28, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich highlighted the Japanese market as an area of concern for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). His note is interesting in light of the huge disappointment China was in Apple s last earnings report. He points out that in fiscal 2015, Apple s growth in Japan slowed to 3%. In the fiscal second quarter, the market made up 8% of the iPhone maker s sales and 11% of its operating profits. It also had the highest geographical operating margin at 45%, he said.

However, changes are underway in Japan, and the UBS analyst sees potential problems for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). For one thing, he said mobile carriers are not discounting phones as much to draw subscribers away from competitors, which could weigh on overall phone sales. Other changes involving Japanese carriers are underway as well. The Japanese government is calling on them to reduce prices because monthly phone bills are at around 4% of disposable income, which lawmakers say is too much.

This is a problem because typically they charge high monthly prices of at least $70 to recoup the deep discounts they offer on phones. Apple s iPhones carry a premium of 15% to 20% in Japan compared to where they re priced at in the U.S., so discounts are needed to attract buyers there.

Another issue for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the growing popularity of mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs), which sell a SIM card and offer much lower rates for subscribers who use their own phone. Such subscribers typically keep their phones much longer, so Milunovich sees a  potential double whammy to Apple of handset share loss and longer upgrade cycles. 

He expects Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock to remain range-bound for now, but he maintains his Buy rating and $115 price target.

Pumping up the iPhone 7

But Apple s potential problems extend beyond Asia as analysts have been trying to assure investors that the iPhone 7 cycle will be strong despite the rumors that it won t be much of an upgrade from the iPhone 6s. Cowen analysts said in a research note today that their analysis of the iPhone installed base indicates that a   powder keg  is forming,  even though it looks like the iPhone 7 will be about flat with the iPhone 6s and the macro risks are clear.

CNBC s Jim Cramer said on Squawk on the Street this morning, however, that he doesn t like the term  super cycle  because often it leads to  too much bullish enthusiasm.  He advised investors not to trust the  hype  about a super cycle, adding that he wished Cowen hadn t used the term.

 If people get too excited about Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), that s going to hurt the story,  he said, according to The Street.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares rallied today after a tough pair of trading days following the Brexit vote. The stock climbed as high as $92.90 and is up 0.84% at $92.81 as of this writing. 
2016-07-05
Even The Best Apple Analysts Are Far From Perfect  Apple: Share Buybacks Are A Problem, Not A Solution  Apple Inc is bringing US organ donation registration to the iPhone this fall Apple Inc has announced it is partnering with Donate Life America to bring national organ donor registration to the iPhone in the U.S. this fall.

The partnership will be implemented inside Apple s Health app, which the company has been using as a central hub to store user health and fitness data. Users can also create a Medical ID in the Health app so emergency responders can have critical health information   such as medications, conditions or allergies   on the phone s lock screen in the case of an emergency.

In the company s upcoming iPhone operating system, iOS 10, U.S. users will be able to register as an organ donor inside that Medical ID portion of the Health app.

Related

 With the updated Health app, we re providing education and awareness about organ donation and making it easier than ever to register, said Jeff Williams, Apple s chief operating officer, in the press release.  It s a simple process that takes just a few seconds and could help save up to eight lives. 

Apple said that registrations will be sent from the iPhone directly to he National Donate Life Registry managed by Donate Life America. So far there there have been no announcements for bringing the service to other countries.

In an interview with the Associated Press, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the problem of donor shortage  hit home  after the company s co-founder Steve Jobs was waiting for a liver transplant in 2009.

iOS 10 is currently in developer beta and will be officially released in the fall. Analysts Reiterate Bullish Stance On Apple Inc. (AAPL) And Micron Technology ... Analysts explain their bullish views on tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and memory-chip maker Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU), as Apple is rumored to be interested in acquiring a new music streaming service, Tidal, while Micron looks to improve on a disappointing earnings report. Let s take a closer look

Apple Inc.

Analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray weighed in on Apple s services revenue following the Wall Street Journal report that Apple is in talks to purchase Tidal. Tidal is a music streaming service which has seen big name artists like Kanye West and Beyonce exclusively share their music on it due its higher royalty payments relative to other services.

Tidal currently has over 4 million paying subscribers, compared to Apple Music s 15 million. According to Munster, the purchase  would give Apple Music more access to exclusive hip-hop content.  Apple is trying to compete with Spotify, which currently has 30 million paid subscribers and 70 million free subscribers. The analyst expects the deal to be less than $500 million, well below Apple s acquisition of Beats Music two years ago for $3 billion.

This rumored acquisition is part of a larger initiative by Apple to increase its services business. On its last earnings call CEO Tim Cook stated,  [Services] is an unbelievable asset for us, because our install base has grown quickly, we have also seen an acceleration in   what has become one of the largest service businesses in the world.  This past quarter, services accounted for 12% of Apple s revenues, growing 20% y/y. Apple is trying to use its services businesses to make up for the recent decline it has experienced in its overall revenue, down 13% y/y.

Following this report, Munster maintained his Overweight rating for Apple with a price target of $153, marking an increase of 60% from current levels. Gene Munster has a success rate of 60% with an average return of 16% per recommendation.

According to TipRanks, out of the 38 analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 82% gave a Buy rating, 16% gave a Hold rating and 2% gave it a Sell rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $123.16, marking a 28% upside from current levels.

Micron Technology, Inc.

Analyst Romit Shah from Nomura gave his take on Micron following its most recent earnings report. Shah recently upgraded Micron due to a belief that an improvement in DRAM ASPs would increase the company s operating margins and EPS. Since his upgrade, Micron guided a revenue decline for the August quarter due to weak contract pricing. The analyst expects Micron s guidance to improve within one period due to spot pricing.

Micron s May report showed a 1% decline Q/Q in revenues and lower than expected EPS. Nonetheless, its DRAM segment showed strength with revenues increasing 9% Q/Q,  reflecting both lower ASP deterioration and higher shipment volumes.  However, its NAND revenues went down 15% Q/Q as a result of 3D NAND constraints.

Micron s predictions for the mid-point of August s quarter were lower across the board than Shah s due to a  subdued DRAM pricing guidance, weakness in NAND as Micron transitions to 3D from planar.  Micron s revenue guidance for the August quarter was$3.05 billion, a 5% increase Q/Q. The company guided a loss per share of between ($0.16) and ($0.24).

The analyst feels that  the weak contract pricing is temporary as spot/channel pricing has already turned positive in the last two weeks.  He predicts a better November guide due to more 3D NAND conversions and subdued expense growth.

Although the analyst is decreasing his EPS predictions to $0.17 from $0.27 in CY16 and from $0.83 to $0.56 in CY17, he believes investors should continue investing in the company and  accumulate on weakness.  Shah reiterates a Buy rating on shares and reduces his target price from $18 to $16, marking a 28% increase from current levels. The analyst has a success rate of 55% with an average return of 7.2% per recommendation.

According to TipRanks, out of the 20 analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 75% gave a Buy rating, 15% gave a Hold rating and 10% gave it a Sell rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $15.47, marking a 23.76% upside from current levels. 
2016-07-10
Did Apple, Inc.'s iPad Finally Return to Growth Last Quarter? Since the beginning of 2014, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has reported persistent sales declines for its iPad product line.

While the iPad has never been as important to Apple's profitability as the iPhone, these declines have still hurt. In fiscal 2013, iPad sales totaled $32.0 billion, representing 18.7% of Apple's total revenue. Just two years later, iPad sales had declined to $23.2 billion, or 9.9% of Apple's revenue. iPad sales continued to decline at a double-digit rate in the first two quarters of fiscal 2016.

However, Apple launched its new 9.7-inch iPad Pro in late March, near the beginning of its third fiscal quarter. This likely helped the iPad product line return to revenue growth at long last.

An easy comparison

It shouldn't have been too hard for Apple to deliver iPad sales growth last quarter. In the third quarter of fiscal 2015, it sold fewer than 11 million iPads -- the worst sales result since 2011. (Apple sank to another low in the following quarter, when iPad shipments dropped below 10 million.)

At the same time, Apple had the benefit of a product launch last quarter. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro became the first new iPad to be launched in the spring since the third-generation iPad came out in 2012.

This is why Apple CEO Tim Cook felt confident enough to tell investors during Apple's April earnings call that the iPad would deliver its best year-over-year revenue result in more than two years during the third fiscal quarter.

However, Cook still shied away from predicting that iPad sales would grow. Indeed, CFO Luca Maestri stated on the same earnings call that Apple expected a sequential decline in iPad sales, in line with normal seasonality. Based on Apple's lackluster Q2 iPad sales, this would also imply a year-over-year decrease. Nevertheless, there is a good chance that the iPad finally snapped its streak of revenue declines last quarter.

Did iPad sales rise last quarter?

According to mobile marketing company Fiksu, the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro represented 1.1% of all iPad usage by the end of last quarter. Assuming that there are 200 million to 250 million iPads in active use, this means that Apple probably shipped at least 3 million units of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, including some that went into channel inventory.

The larger 12.9-inch iPad Pro and smaller 7.9-inch iPad Mini 4 also continued to sell at a slow but steady rate during Q3. Furthermore, iPad Air 2 usage rose significantly during the quarter, suggesting solid sales of that older, discounted model.

Estimating unit sales based on changes in usage is an inexact science. But based on the available data, it seems likely that iPad unit sales fell in the 10 million to 11 million range, approximately in line with or slightly below the year-ago sales total.

However, even if iPad unit sales declined somewhat on a year-over-year basis, iPad revenue probably rose. That's because Apple's new iPad Pro devices are significantly more expensive than the average iPad sold in recent years. The smaller iPad Pro's starting price is $599, while the larger model tops out at $1,229 for a 256 GB model with cellular capability.

In Q3 of fiscal 2015, the average selling price for an iPad was just $415. Given that the two iPad Pro models appear to have generated 30% to 40% of total iPad unit shipments last quarter, the average selling price (ASP) was probably closer to $500. With a $500 ASP, Apple would produce double-digit year-over-year iPad revenue growth even if it only shipped 10 million iPads last quarter.

Apple needs some good news

Demand for Apple's new iPads is clearly lackluster relative to a few years ago, when new iPad releases would always spark a surge in sales. Yet demand may have been sufficient to get iPad revenue (if not unit sales) growing again last quarter.

This would be great news for Apple, especially if management views the return to growth as sustainable over the next several quarters. Now that Apple can no longer rely on steady iPhone sales growth to lift its overall results, it's more important than ever for the company to get iPad sales growing again. 
2016-12-09
Major Apple Inc. Supplier Details New Chip Tech Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) scored a major win in 2014 when Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) began relying exclusively on the chip giant for the manufacture of its A8 and A8X applications processors. TSMC suffered a bit of a setback vis-a-vis Apple when it wound up splitting the A9 chip manufacturing contract with Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), though the company is believed to have secured all the orders for the A10 chip that powers this year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Revenue from Apple represents a significant portion of TSMC's business, so the chipmaker is likely very motivated to develop and release compelling new manufacturing technologies at a rapid clip to keep Apple's business.

Apple's upcoming A11 is expected to be manufactured in TSMC's 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology, and the company's statements strongly suggest that it will be using TSMC's follow-on 7-nanometer technology to build the A12.

TSMC recently detailed that 7-nanometer tech. Let's take a closer look at it to understand what kinds of performance and power enhancements Apple can potentially bring to the A12.

Honey, I shrunk the chip!

TSMC says that its 7-nanometer technology can provide more than 3.3 times the routed gate density of its prior-generation 16-nanometer technology (used to build Apple's A9, A9X, and A10 chips). This means that functionality that required a chip area of 100 square millimeters when manufactured in the 16-nanometer technology could be done in just a hair over 30 square millimeters using this new 7-nanometer technology.

What Apple has tended to do is keep its chip sizes roughly flat generation over generation, using the increased density to cram more functionality and features into a given area.

Apple was forced to use manufacturing technologies that offered roughly the same density for three generations (TSMC's 16-nanometer technology didn't offer a significant area reduction over its 20-nanometer technology; it was primarily a performance improvement), which led to some die size growth over the last three years.

Since the 7-nanometer technology gives a huge area reduction over the 16-nanometer technology, Apple can could conceivably pack in more than three times the "stuff" that the A9 chip had while still achieving a die size of approximately 100 square millimeters.

What "stuff" could Apple put in?

With the A8 chip, Apple used a quad-core graphics processor. The A9 and the A10 each used six core graphics processors. I suspect that the move to 10 nanometer for the A11 and then to 7 nanometer for the A12 will allow Apple to get much more aggressive about increasing the graphics core count (and thus graphics performance) of its next two iPhone models.

Apple would also have more real estate to bulk up the sizes of the other key functional blocks on the chip (i.e., image signal processor, CPU, memory controller) to improve performance.

Beyond the area shrink

TSMC says that its 7-nanometer process can deliver up to 40% better performance at the same power as its 16-nanometer technology or up to 65% lower power at the same performance level.

Apple's A10 has two "high-performance" processor cores and two "high-efficiency" cores and the chip can switch between them based on the workload that the chip is required to run.

I suspect that Apple will take full advantage of the two "extremes" outlined here. The high-performance cores could get a 40% boost in frequency relative to what was possible on the A10, while the high-efficiency cores could see a significant power reduction while keeping performance flat to slightly up.

The future looks bright for Apple's A series

Although Apple's A10 chip is blazing fast today, advancements in chip manufacturing technology coupled with architectural innovations should allow Apple to make the A10 look "slow" within a couple of years.

Of course, app developers and Apple itself will have to find ways to take full advantage of all that computing power (it's unlikely that the A10 is being used to its full potential in most apps today), but at least the hardware will be there. Watch Out. Samsung Could Soon Become The Apple Inc. Of Your Nightmares Today is an important day for Samsung. Ever since being sued by Apple in 2011 for duplicating its technology and design for its flagship galaxy smartphones, the South Korean tech mogul had been engaged in a tedious legal conflict that forced it to compensate $548 million in damages to Apple Inc. for infringing on its technology for the iPhone. In a rare and unusual occasion, the patent claim was recently analyzed by the Supreme Court of the United States, which returned a unanimous verdict this Tuesday saying Samsung didn't owe the entire sum of $548 million to Apple for the infringement claim. According to the court's verdict, Samsung didn't owe Apple the entire sum of profits incurred from the sale of the infringed product, but only a sum corresponding to the specific areas that had been copied. To dumb it down to simpler terms, Samsung only owes Apple as much money as it could have made from copying a few specific designs from the iPhone's model. The hearing wasn't a complete loss for Apple, however, as the Supreme Court has now referred the patent claim to be analyzed in a lower court of justice.

Samsung may have won one battle, but it is far from winning the war. In the last ten years, the South Korean company worked tooth-and-nail to establish itself as a high-end purveyor of smartphone technology. However, look back a couple years, and you shall see that the company barely retains the same amount of trust or brand value that it used to commandeer in its glory years. Samsung has oft resorted to drawing from the tactics of other successful companies like Apple, in both design and marketing aspects, despite still representing the forefront in innovation technology. However, its attempts have failed repeatedly thanks to one setback after another, including overpriced products, issues with hardware and software quality and lack of effective marketing. After Apple's iPhone, the Samsung Galaxy series is arguably the costliest range of smartphones in the market, despite the fact that it is yet to prove a worthy match for Apple's flagship. From overheated batteries to untimely crashes and severe lag issues, the Galaxy smartphones have been faced with multiple dilemmas. It does not help the situation that the Galaxy Note 7, the latest in Samsung's range of smartphones, has just been abandoned from production following a series of unexplained explosions. And all this is happening right after Apple officially released the new iPhone 7.

After receiving a few reports of exploding Galaxy Note 7s in August, Samsung temporarily called back its iconic new gadget and conducted vigorous testing to try and determine the cause of the blasts. When the tests failed, the company concluded that the explosions were the result of a faulty battery from one of its suppliers and the device was returned to the market. However, as soon as the product resurfaced in the market, so did a windfall of more exploding devices all around the world. In October, Samsung decided to finally pull the plug on its defective range of smartphones, a move that was alternatively called both courageous and foolish. While the product's abandonment may have just saved Samsung from an unwarranted disaster, it still could not mitigate the amount of loss the company suffered in terms of trust and brand value, monetary expenses notwithstanding. Further, this was hardly the extent of the problem as the safety of several of the brand's other appliances has now been called into question, and similar reports of exploding washing machines and overheating home gadgets have resulted in some serious bad press.

Over the span of the last few years, Samsung seemed to have left the big games and resorted to toeing the lines of other successful companies in an attempt to regain success. Its prices have gone up by a twofold, while quality deteriorations have become plain to see. In an attempt to topple giants like Apple and Google in terms of marketability, Samsung has simply loaded its devices up with so many features and innovations that they have grown unstable. While Samsung devices are still one of the very first to bring the latest of innovations into the market, the depreciation in product quality is a concern not easy to overlook. While I would like nothing more than to see this once glorious brand of technology regain its position at the top, Samsung sure has a long way to go before it can expect to regain the trust that it has so easily lost in the last few years.

If you enjoy my work, feel free to visit my website for more: haroldstark.com. 1 Big Risk to Apple Inc. Stock Even the most successful and well managed companies in the world face significant risks. To make good investment decisions -- and to avoid getting blindsided -- it's important to have a solid understanding of those major risks.

In Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest form 10-K filing, the company describes many potential risks to its business. I'd like to go over one really important one.

A highly competitive market

Here's the second risk factor that Apple listed in its most recent form 10-K: "Global markets for the company's products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets."

Apple points out that it is "unique in that it designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products," which necessitates "significant investments" in research and development.

"In contrast," Apple says, "many of the company's competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and emulating the company's products and infringing on its intellectual property."

The company further explains that if it can't keep building "innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on [Apple's] intellectual property," then its competitive positioning could be "adversely affected."

Though many investors have a lot of faith in Apple's product development abilities, this risk is hardly theoretical; it's playing out in the marketplace right now. Let's dig deeper.

"Aggressive pricing with very low cost structures"

Apple seems to suggest that "aggressive pricing" and "very low cost structures" go hand in glove. This is often the case, particularly in the low-end and mid-range of the smartphone, tablet, and PC markets.

Apple's products are generally regarded as premium in both quality and pricing, and thus it has a limited to nonexistent presence in these markets; its cheapest smartphone -- the iPhone SE -- starts at $399. Other companies sell competent smartphones for $150 or less.

To the extent that the market shifts to very low priced devices, Apple's competitive positioning weakens; Apple's margin targets don't allow the company to serve lower price points, and the company is unlikely to build extremely cost-sensitive smartphones for fear of diluting the premium iPhone brand.

However, there's another risk that Apple faces. Many of the smartphone makers that have built significant businesses at the low end of the market are now trying to participate in the mid-range and upper end of the market.

Some of these vendors, like China-based Meizu, try to offer devices with similar features and even aesthetics to Apple's flagships. For example, the PRO 6 Plus looks a lot like an iPhone and offers high-end specifications such as a fast processor, good camera sensors, and an OLED display, but it sells for the equivalent of about $480 -- about half the price of Apple's flagship iPhone 7 Plus.

It's not clear that Meizu can build an equivalent smartphone to what Apple can at a lower bill-of-materials cost. However, Meizu's operating expenses are probably substantially lower than Apple's for a variety of reasons. Apple does more in-house technology development and performs significant R&D work in relatively high-cost regions, for example.

It's also worth noting that Apple's investors expect the company to be able to generate robust gross profit margins, while Meizu and other competitors probably don't target anywhere close to that gross profit margin level.

"Emulating the company's products"

There are many smartphones sold, particularly in China, that look a lot like Apple's iPhones. In fact, there are companies that sell straight-up iPhone clones, albeit with far lower quality software and much weaker hardware.

Additionally, there are phones that look extremely like Apple's iPhone out there and are sometimes marketed in a way that closely resembles Apple's own marketing campaigns. (Here's an example).

Make no mistake: Apple must compete against such companies to win business. The company has done a good job competing thus far, but even it tells investors that "there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively." Apple Is Innovative, Not Creative - An Outlook On The Stock They have been put in a tough spot with recent products, missing out on easy opportunities.

Andrew and Ben team up to give us their thoughts on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in between earnings dates.

The two begin talking of Apple's dependency upon the iPhone. We understand that it is not news that this is the majority of their revenue, so we dove in a little further to analyze that situation.

Next, they move onto the services segment. This segment is growing very quickly but is still a very small portion of revenue. Services may be key to helping fill in the gaps of Apple's recent disappointing releases. We believe that they have missed out on key chances to be ahead of its competition.

Apple is in a tough spot, needing to become creative instead of innovative. They have not been first to the market with most of its major product lines, but has definitely put the Apple touch into whatever it makes, and now that momentum is running out. We continue to hold Apple with a stern, convicted price target placed upon it.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Is Apple Now The Wearables Leader?  
2016-03-18
Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Still Doesn't Quite Get Why Steve Jobs Was a Genius In an "Ask Me Anything" chat event on Reddit yesterday, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak dissed the Apple Watch. No argument there--it's a flawed product with a high price tag.

But what he said about the product reveals a breathtaking lack of insight into what makes Apple a great company, or why its other co-founder had the kind of genius that comes along once in a generation.

Here's Woz's comment:

I worry a little bit about -- I mean I love my Apple Watch, but -- it's taken us into a jewelry market where you're going to buy a watch between $500 or $1100 based on how important you think you are as a person. The only difference is the band in all those watches. Twenty watches from $500 to $1100. The band's the only difference? Well this isn't the company that Apple was originally, or the company that really changed the world a lot.

I love Woz. It's impossible to not love someone who thinks teaching grade school is more important than running a hot technology startup. But I've always wondered if he truly understands what makes Apple so great. And now I know for sure--he doesn't.

Here's what he's missing.

1. It's not just about the technology.

Woz is an uber-geek, and there's a common mistake most geeks make: They think technological capability is all that matters. They don't care about design, usability, or marketing--three areas where Steve Jobs's genius really shone through. (My husband--another geek--and I argued about this all the time till we finally wound up writing a book about it.) The fact is, if technological function were all that mattered, Apple would have been swept away by Microsoft in the personal computer market, and by Google in the mobile market, long ago.

2. Design matters. A lot.

It mattered a lot to Steve Jobs. So much that he lived in a house with very little furniture because he could find few pieces that met his exacting standards. So much so that when he and his wife decided to replace their clothes washer, they spent weeks researching washers from all over the world and discussing their designs before buying one from the German company Miele. It used less water, less soap, made clothes feel softer, and helped them last longer than American washers, he explained.

He brought that same exacting sense of design to everything he made. On occasion, as with his insistence on building a perfectly cube-shaped computer at NeXT, that worked against him. Much more often, it worked for him, as when he designed the case of the Apple II to be a complete, integrated computer, with monitor and keyboard at the ready--unheard of at the time. (Meantime, Wozniak created the newfangled technology that went inside that newfangled case.)

3. People care about beauty.

Woz got his facts slightly wrong--it's not only the watchbands that differ from a less expensive to more expensive Apple Watch, it's also the case itself. In the more expensive editions, it's made of 18-karat gold. I'm guessing that, like most geeks, Woz doesn't spend a lot of time in jewelry stores. Otherwise he'd be well aware that the difference between aluminum, stainless steel, and solid 18-karat gold is indeed a difference people are willing to pay for. Gold is beautiful in a way other metals are not.

In this respect, the Apple Watch is completely consistent with the company Steve Jobs created (Woz left the company after its first five years). Beauty was always top-of-mind for him. From the iMac to the MacBook Air, through every generation of iPod, iPhone, and iPad, Apple products are, first and foremost, beautiful objects. That was the genius of Jobs: A functional piece of technical equipment could also be a pleasure to use and lovely to look at. No one made that connection before him, and no one since has done it better. Even for a non-Apple user like myself, it's difficult to look at these items and not want one.

The Apple Watch, even the expensive solid gold version, doesn't do that. There are plenty of other smartwatches on the market that are just as beautiful, and just as usable, with longer battery life.

That's the true problem with this product--whatever Woz may think about paying too much for a watchband or case. If it were as eye-catching as Apple's earlier designs, it would be flying off the shelves. Apple turns to Google for help storing some iCloud accounts Apple Inc. and Google Inc. have publicly fought each other over patents, privacy protections and the attention of app-makers.

But they've also colluded in the past to not poach each others' workers, shared revenue from Google searches on iPhones, and agreed to fight the FBI over demands to weaken smartphone security.

Now, the two Silicon Valley companies have found a new place to get along: the cloud.

In recent months, Apple has begun placing some users' iCloud data, including backed-up photos and messages, in online storage operated by Google, according to a person familiar with the matter but not allowed to speak publicly about the deal. Trade publication CRN first reported on the shift Wednesday.

It's surprising at first glance that Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook would trust his users' iCloud accounts to a company whose business model he has indirectly described as "wrong" because it involves "gobbling up" customer data to serve them relevant ads.

But Apple desperately needs storage space as it works to develop its own cloud capacity. By turning to Google, Apple won't face any new security risks, analysts said. Google will generate revenue in the deal, but it won't be able to mine any Apple customers' data.

Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp. are the global leaders in cloud computing, which allows other companies to buy access to a network of computers to store data as needed without having to manage the expansive infrastructure themselves. Apple has said it's a customer of both Amazon and Microsoft.

Google, which has been a distant competitor in cloud computing, has been aggressively pricing its service to attract big-name customers. It recently signed music-streaming app Spotify and counts Venice chat app start-up Snapchat as a longtime customer. But taking over a portion of Apple's needs appears to be its biggest deal yet, experts have said.

It's unclear whether Apple signed with Google because it wants to push for lower prices from all of its cloud providers, to safeguard itself against outages on a single vendor, or to use some specific tools Google offers, said Dave Bartoletti, principal analyst at consulting firm Forrester Research.

Whatever the mix of reasons, the basic set-up with any cloud provider is the same, according to Apple. Data stored with another company is encrypted, or scrambled using a digital lock, Apple says. And it doesn't share the key with the other companies. That means law enforcement seeking someone's iCloud data would still need to ask Apple for help, rather than the storage provider.

Apple is reportedly working to create technology in which it would not have a key at all, giving users' sole control to unscramble encrypted data.

paresh.dave@latimes.com

Twitter: @peard33

MORE FROM TECHNOLOGY

Snapchat hires Pandora veteran as vice president of product

A solution to tech's lingering diversity problem? Try thinking about ketchup

Apple reasserts its claim that forcing it to help the FBI unlock an iPhone would be illegal 
2016-09-24
Sorry Apple Inc. Fans -- Don't Get Too Excited About the iPhone 7 The launch of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest smartphone has lit a fire under the stock. It was widely assumed prior to the announcement of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus that the devices would bring incremental improvements with no major new features compelling Apple's installed base to upgrade -- and that's exactly what Apple delivered.

But investors grabbed hold of a few pieces of data suggesting that the iPhone 7 is selling well ... and ran with them. As of market close on Sept. 22, shares of Apple were up 6.4% from the day before the official launch event.

Strong pre-orders

Sprint and T-Mobile separately reported that iPhone 7 pre-orders were well ahead of previous years. T-Mobile stated in a press release that pre-orders from Friday through Monday following the iPhone 7 reveal were up by nearly a factor of four compared to the next most popular iPhone. Sprint pegged the increase in pre-orders in the first three days compared to last year at 375%.

Along with this news, reports of long waits for online orders from Apple of certain models fueled the idea that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were in high demand. As of this writing, a jet black iPhone 7 Plus won't ship from Apple until sometime in November.

Maybe not that strong

Ordinarily, Apple is thrilled to announce the number of iPhones it sells during launch weekend. Last year, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus moved 13 million units, up from 10 million the year before. But this year is different. Following the iPhone 7 release, Apple announced that it would halt the practice of disclosing launch weekend sales numbers.

A company doesn't stop reporting figures that make it look good. The lack of data from Apple suggests one thing: The iPhone 7 launch probably wasn't much better than the iPhone 6s launch. If it was, Apple would be the first to let you know.

There are other reasons to be skeptical. Long wait times for online orders reveal that demand is outstripping supply. However, without knowing how the initial supply changed from last year, no conclusions can be drawn.

The strong pre-order numbers from T-Mobile and Sprint are also not quite what they seem. All the major carriers are offering extremely aggressive promotions in order to move the iPhone 7. By trading in an iPhone 6 or 6s, customers can get an iPhone 7 for free, as long as they agree to stick with the carrier for two years. Last year, launch deals for the iPhone 6s were nowhere near as generous, making the comparisons less meaningful.

The real question that investors should be asking is this: How many phones is Apple going to sell through the entire cycle? The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus broke launch-weekend records, but they still produced the first year-over-year decline in quarterly iPhone sales later on. These pre-order numbers and launch-weekend sales reflect demand among early adopters -- those who upgrade to the latest and greatest at the first chance -- not overall demand.

The iPhone 7 is a high-quality device, and Apple is going to sell a lot of them. But the initial information that investors have received about pre-orders and long wait times isn't enough to draw any real conclusions. These aggressive promotions may simply be pulling sales forward, instead of creating new demand. I interpret the fact that the carriers are getting more generous over time with launch promotions as a negative for Apple. It takes more prodding to get customers to upgrade now than it did in the past.

Perhaps the iPhone 7 will return Apple to growth. Perhaps it won't. Right now, we don't have enough information to do anything but guess. Why Apple Inc. Is Now Daniel Niles'  Favorite  Play (AAPL) Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) has failed to impress the high-profile tech investor Daniel Niles since early 2015, but things have changed drastically now.

On Thursday, Niles, a founding partner of AlphaOne Capital Partners, told CNBC s Closing Bell that now Apple is his  favorite play. 

 That s the one that will help really drive the market and if you look at it, the stock is down 15 percent from its level really back in that early 2015 time period,  Niles said.

The tech investor added that Apple is the most valuable company in the market at present, and he believes that its stock is driven by three factors.

First, Apple should be able to achieve its revenue guidance for September easily. Niles said that ignoring the fact that the company  burns 3.6 billion  in channel inventory, it only really needs to grow revenues about 1% sequentially.

 Over the last four years, it s been 6 to 7 percent that they ve averaged in September,  he said.

Second, carriers are again subsidizing iPhones, and this, Niles believes, would make many customers upgrade. Lastly, the valuation is great.

 Apple gets a nice combination of defense with a nice, big yield. 

In other Apple news, the rivalry between Apple and Samsung Electronic ( SSNLF ) is set to intensify further as the U.S. firm is planning to open a new Apple Store very close to Samsung s HQ in Seoul, South Korea, according to a Wall Street Journal report.

This indeed is really close, and according to people familiar with the matter, this move can prove very beneficial to the iPhone maker. There is a lot of untapped potential for the iPhone in South Korea because it is a large market, and Apple has made limited headway in the country so far.

South Korea is Asia s fourth-largest economy and has been a tough market for Apple. Hometown favorites Samsung and LG dominate smartphone sales there, and together, they account for about 80% of the smartphone market in the country, notes the WSJ.

At present, Apple relies on third-party retailers, and therefore, having a store will likely have a significant impact.

According to the WSJ, the iPhone maker is looking for a location in the up-market Gangnam area, which houses most of the busiest subway stations and Samsung s headquarters.

Samsung will definitely be unhappy to hear this as it is already going through the trouble of recalling the Galaxy Note 7 handsets that are exploding while charging.

As of now, there have been no comments from the U.S. firm on the WSJ report.

The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Now Daniel Niles   Favorite  Play appeared first on ValueWalk.

Many academics claim investing is a  random walk.  We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name  ValueWalk.  Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace 
2016-04-06
What Happens to Apple, Inc.'s iPhone SE Next Year? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has never done this before.

The Mac maker is packaging its highest-end tech in its lowest-end package with the iPhone SE. From a product strategy standpoint, it's incredibly smart since it provides a strong product for the large segment of the market that still prefers smaller phones. From a pricing strategy standpoint, the iPhone SE also serves as evidence that Apple is evolving as the global smartphone market matures.

The way it's always been

For many years, Apple has implemented a consistent strategy of cascading iPhone models down to successively lower price points, thereby extending the overall life cycle of each new model and streamlining development resources. The iPhone 5c was the first major departure from this strategy, but the 5c didn't fare well because it didn't convey a strong value proposition. The iPhone SE is another attempt -- and a more promising one, at that.

But the introduction of the iPhone SE raises some important questions about the iPhone portfolio. What's happening to the development cycle? Will the iPhone SE get a price reduction next year?

Let's say that Apple has decided to segment its iPhone offerings between smaller and more affordable devices, and larger and more expensive devices. Apple should keep strong, current products to capture both market segments, instead of relegating older devices to lower price points. This could be what's happening as we speak.

The way it might be now

If that's the case, then we might even expect Apple to discontinue the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2016 (a relatively shorter two-year life cycle compared to the historical three-year life cycle), instead of dropping it to a lower price as we would have previously expected. Then the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus would drop to the mid-range price point and the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus would come in as the new high-end flagships.

Since the iPhone SE was just introduced, I wouldn't expect any changes at the low end of the portfolio until next year. But at that point, would Apple really consider reducing the iPhone SE to an even lower price point of perhaps $300? That seems unlikely, even if it could potentially spur unit growth, since it would hurt average selling prices, margins, and risk diluting the brand.

Instead, what if Apple introduced an entirely redesigned 4-inch iPhone for 2017, while discontinuing the iPhone SE? That would be a remarkably short life cycle for the SE, but remember that the device shouldn't have required too much development work since it uses the same chassis and overall design as the 5s. The SE is just a 6s in a 5s body.

Another possibility is that since the iPhone 7 is expected to feature a new design, maybe Apple will make a smaller version of this new design and position it at the low end where the SE currently sits. That's what I think Apple will do. More Evidence That Apple, Inc.'s iPhone SE Was the Right Call Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new iPhone SE went on sale last week, but it seems that the launch may have been somewhat "lackluster," according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Among other data points, Kuo cited Localytics data that put iPhone SE penetration at a meager 0.1%. The analyst also questioned demand in China.

Meanwhile, there was another notable product unveiling that happened last Thursday as well: Tesla's Model 3. The electric automaker started taking in-store reservations that same morning, which could have diverted some potential foot traffic from Apple retail stores. Tens of thousands of people showed up at Tesla stores to put $1,000 down on a car they'd never seen before.

Nonetheless, there's some more evidence that suggests that Apple's iPhone SE was the right strategic move.

Survey says

Market researcher Kantar Worldpanel ComTech has released some new estimates that suggest the majority of U.S. iPhone users are still using 4-inch iPhones. Specifically, 58% of iPhone users are still using an iPhone 5s or older, and these models are getting old. Kantar estimates that the average life cycle of these devices is 27.5 months.

That's longer than the typical two-year upgrade cycle that characterizes the market. In fact, the U.S. market has actually been seeing upgrade cycles get shorter in recent years as the major carriers shift to leasing, installment, and early upgrade programs. The average life cycle for the overall market is 20.9 months, according to Kantar. The iPhone SE is the perfect device for these customers to jump to, as an affordable upgrade that brings the latest and greatest tech specs inside the same chassis.

Kantar's figures also suggest that 49% of these 4-inch iPhone users intend to upgrade within the next year, and 84% of them will stay within Apple's ecosystem.

Moving on down

The iPhone SE is positioned to appeal precisely to these customers -- the segment of users that simply prefer a smaller handset. Kuo's perspective on the Chinese market is somewhat skewed, since larger phones are extremely popular in the Middle Kingdom. Remember that it's precisely this popularity that pushed Apple to launch the larger 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhones in the first place.

The flip side is that the iPhone SE, starting at $399, may put some downward pressure on average selling prices. But the strong performance of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have helped push ASPs to record levels (nearly $700 last quarter), so Apple can afford to give a little back. Besides, most of those iPhone SE buyers should probably upgrade from the base 16 GB model anyway and quadruple storage capacity for the extra $100. 
2016-10-12
Apple, Inc.'s Forthcoming Mac Refresh Can't Come Soon Enough The latest estimates are out on the state of the PC market. Spoiler alert: The market is still stagnant. Both Gartner and IDC have put out their most recent best guesses, and global shipments fell either 3.9% or 5.7%, depending on who you ask. This isn't surprising considering the age and maturity of the global PC market. I generally prefer IDC's numbers, so let's see what the market researcher has to say.

Vendor Q3 2016 Worldwide Units Growth (YOY) Lenovo 14.5 million (3.2%) HP Inc. 14.4 million 3.3% Dell 10.8 million 6.2% Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) 5 million (13%) ASUS 4.7 million 5.2% Others 18.6 million (13.2%) Total 68 million (3.9%)

Lenovo remains the market leader, and the rest of the usual suspects are there. However, there is an important trend worth discussing: Apple got crushed...again.

Do you see what happens when you don't refresh the Mac lineup? Do you see what happens?

For many years, Apple enjoyed touting that it was continuously gaining share each quarter, as Mac unit volumes outperformed the broader market. The Mac either grew more, or declined by less, implying share gains.

This is now the second consecutive quarter where the Mac underperformed the broader market, implying share losses. In Q2, Apple's unit volumes fell 8.3%, compared to the broader market's 4.5% decline, according to IDC. For what it's worth, Apple's official reported numbers show its Mac units fell 11% in the second quarter.

Apple's Mac lineup has become stale, though, with the expected result of cooling demand. Some Macs haven't been updated in years, and the ones that have been updated recently don't have the latest and greatest Intel processors. The 27-inch iMac 5K is the only Mac with Skylake chips, a chip family that was launched in 2015.

The good news is that Apple is widely expected to be launching new Macs in just a matter of weeks, which will likely bring its computers up to speed. Hopefully, demand will pick back up if and when that happens. Responding to a customer email last month, CEO Tim Cook said to "stay tuned."

We're also seeing Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) continue to make inroads in the educational market. IDC notes that Chromebooks expectedly had another "banner quarter in the K-12 market" (Gartner's figures do not include Chromebooks). Of course, Apple also addresses the educational market with iPads as well as Macs, but neither can compete with Chromebooks on price.

The expected October event can't come soon enough -- and it'll be just in time for the holiday shopping season. 
2016-08-22
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Unleashes Major Apple Store Shakeup Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) reportedly held meetings with all its retail store employees over the weekend. The company introduced a series of sweeping changes to its Apple Store operations, including new positions, new store layouts and a new corporate credo employees are expected to follow.

Source: Apple

All of this is on top of news from The Verge late last week that the name of Apple s retail locations is also changing, from  Apple Store  to simply  Apple. 

Mac rumor sites Apple Insider and MacRumors both published posts on the Apple Store shakeup on Sunday, citing  multiple retail sources. 

What s Happening with the Apple Store?

According to MacRumors, the changes fall under three broad categories: new and renamed positions, a new credo and new store layouts.

In terms of staff positions, AAPL appears to be introducing a hierarchy. The new positions created are  Pro,   Creative Pro  and  Technical Expert.  The first two designate Apple Store sales employees who have proven to be the most knowledgeable about the company s products and services, earning a title that reflects this expertise.

 Technical Expert  is a new customer support position below the current  Genius,  able to provide low level technical support such as troubleshooting and mobile repairs.

Many other existing Apple Store positions have been re-named. For example  Business Specialist  is now  Business Expert. 

The company also re-named areas of the Apple Store layout. What was once the  Red Zone  (the sales floor) is now the  Product Zone.  What has been referred to as  Back-of-House  (or where the Inventory and Operations teams work) is now called  Backstage. 

Finally, the company has updated the credo it expects its Apple Store employees to follow. The full credo is six paragraphs long, but the opening sets the tone for what follows:

 We are here to enrich lives. To help dreamers become doers, to help passion expand human potential, to do the best work of our lives. 

Why Shake Up the Apple Store?

In the U.S., Apple Stores have consistently led other retailers in sales per square foot, so why mess with a good thing?

Well, a number of factors are at play.

In the past, AAPL has had problems retaining Apple Store employees. The new roles with recognition of seniority may help to retain valuable experienced staff. There also is a clear effort to streamline the troubleshooting and repair process, especially in mobile. That will be a competitive advantage that Apple undoubtedly will leverage in an effort to boost weak iPhone sales.

And in terms of any changes to layout of Apple Stores   and the change to re-naming them as  Apple    even the retail leader needs to stay fresh. Consumers are fickle, and with rivals like Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) emulating the current Apple Store setup, tweaking the design helps keep consumers interested and keep AAPL a step ahead of the competition.

The Apple Store represents more than just mere  retail  presence for Apple. The company s products are sold by virtually every big-box retailer, and its iPhones are front and center in every wireless carrier s stores. The importance of Apple Stores   and something that s more critical than ever   is the opportunity to introduce consumers to Apple s other products in the most favorable setting possible. It s a showroom for the Apple TV, iPad, Apple Watch and Mac computers. This is Apple s best chance to convince consumers to buy into the Apple ecosphere in general. That pushes revenue into other lines of business   not just the iPhone.

So don t be surprised when Apple shakes up the Apple Store, even while it s doing blockbuster business. It s more important now than ever to get the customer experience to the point of perfection.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: Arendi SARL v. Apple, Inc.   Defining  Common Sense  Monday, August 22, 2016

For some time, I have wanted to do a post on this recent Fed. Cir. decision (Appeal No. 2015-2073 (Fed. Cir. , August 10, 2016),) in which the Fed. Cir. panel of Judges Moore, Linn and O Malley (writing) reversed a PTAB decision finding most of the claims of U.S. Patent No. 7,917,843 obvious over a single prior art reference, U.S. Patent .No. 5,859,636 ( Pandit ). Claim 1 is more than a page long, and I will not try to describe it in any detail, except to say that it can be exemplified by the use of a computer program to build an address book.

The panel stated that the sole question was  whether the Board erred in finding that it would be  common sense  to a person of ordinary skill in the art [POSA] to search for the telephone number that is detected in a document when the  Add to address book  option disclosed in Pandit is selected .The Board found that it would be  reasonable to presume, as a matter of common sense  that Pandit would search for duplicate phone numbers and information associated with such numbers. 

The panel first acknowledged that KSR had rejected a  rigid  approach requiring the reference(s) to contain a teaching, suggestion or motivation in resolving the obviousness question, but required consideration of  common sense, common wisdom, and common knowledge in analyzing obviousness. 

OK so far, but it recently dawned on me that  common sense  is an abstract idea if there even was one as,  He simply lacks common sense,  or  Common sense would tell you not to drive so fast on that narrow road.  As most of us practitioners know, Examiners find it all too convenient to apply common sense to modify or arrange claim elements, even though they are expected to be applying the common sense of the POSA   not their own expertise   and not assembling a rejection using hindsight knowledge of the invention as a guide.

But I digress, so let s return to the panel s evaluation of the use of common sense in this decision. The panel noted that there are  at least three caveats to note in applying  common sense  in an obviousness rejection.  The first is that common sense should be invoked to provide an otherwise missing motivation to combine, not to supply a missing claim limitation  as in  common sense  would cause the POSA to make phone keys and the print on them larger so that they could be more easily used by persons with limited eyesight (my example).

The panel continued:  [I]n Perfect Web in which common sense was invoked to supply a limitation that was missing from the prior art, the limitation in question was unusually simple and the technology particularly straightforward By contrast, the missing search at issue here  plays a major role in the subject matter claimed.  

Third, and perhaps most important, the panel wrote that  references to common sense cannot be used as a wholesale substitute for reasoned analysis and evidentiary support, especially when dealing with a limitation missing from the prior art reference specified .the Board s utter failure to explain the  common knowledge and common sense  on which it relied is problematic.  Citing In re Zurco, 258 F.3d 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2001). In this case, it was problematic enough for the Fed. Cir. to reverse. The Board is expected to  explain all material facts relating to a motivation to combine.  Citing In re Lee.  While  common sense  can be invoked it must still be supported by evidence and a reasoned explanation. 

I am not sure what the Supreme Court would think of this gloss on KSR   which involved a minor change in known elements -but in requiring an evidentiary base for the use of common sense, the Fed. Cir. may be edging back into requiring a teaching, suggestion or motivation in the art to support an obviousness finding. How else can the requirement for a showing of material facts relating to the motivation to combine be supplied?

Full Opinion Apple has come up with three new iPhone models for next year - Nikkei  
2016-06-06
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhne News is Enormous 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhne News is Enormous

S

 

iPhone 7 suppliers to produce 72 million to 78 million units this year, many more than the 65 million units Wall Street has projected. That production target is also the highest in about two years.  

Source: Investors Business Daily iPhone 7 suppliers to produce 72 million to 78 million units this year, many more than the 65 million units Wall Street has projected. That production target is also the highest in about two years.

 

This is dramatically above what people are looking for[.]  

Source: CNBC This is dramatically above what people are looking for[.]

 

iPhone sales made up 4.6% of the overall smartphones sold in India's top 30 cities between October and December 2015.   iPhone sales made up 4.6% of the overall smartphones sold in India's top 30 cities between October and December 2015.

 

Talks between India's Finance Ministry and the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) have begun and the option of letting Apple open stores without sourcing requirements in the initial years has been floated.



The Indian government is expected to allow the tech giant to open its own retail stores in the country without any sourcing requirement for two to three years, according to the Times of India.  

Source: TheStreet Talks between India's Finance Ministry and the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) have begun and the option of letting Apple open stores without sourcing requirements in the initial years has been floated.The Indian government is expected to allow the tech giant to open its own retail stores in the country without any sourcing requirement for, according to the Times of India.

 

[A] new patent cross-licensing agreement with Microsoft now gives Xiaomi access to about 1,500 of Microsoft's patents for voice communications, multimedia and cloud computing. In exchange, Xiaomi has agreed in exchange to install Microsoft's Office and Skype software on all the smartphones and tablets it sells.



About 90 percent of the 70 million smartphones that Xiaomi built last year were sold in China. UK-based analyst Sameer Singh told Reuters, "This deal might just give them enough of a patent trove to move to Western markets."  

Source: Breitbart [A] new patent cross-licensing agreement with Microsoft now gives Xiaomi access to about 1,500 of Microsoft's patents for voice communications, multimedia and cloud computing. In exchange, Xiaomi has agreed in exchange to install Microsoft's Office and Skype software on all the smartphones and tablets it sells.About 90 percent of the 70 million smartphones that Xiaomi built last year were sold in China. UK-based analyst Sameer Singh told Reuters, "This deal might just give them enough of a patent trove to move to Western markets."

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been hounded by bears as its stock had dropped nearly 40% at its lows. The stock has seen a nice bounce back when the market reacted to news via Apple Inc. suppliers that iPhone 7 demand was going to bestronger than previously accounted for. Here's a snippet of that before we get into the news today.It turns out the Apple iPhone is not only doing better than expected, it's doing better than almost everyone else. In what has been a whirlwind of a month we have learned that iPhone 7 suppliers reported substantially higher demand production required from Apple Inc. which were well above forecasts.Then on CNBC's "Squawk on the Street," Jim Cramer said:Forecasts had called for 65 million iPhone 7s to be produced by the end of 2016, so this 72 million to 78 million range is in fact a smashing of forecasts.While that news was market moving, and added about $50 billion in market cap to Apple Inc. market cap, we just caught wind of two other pieces of news: one is great news, the other could be catastrophic.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is going after India, the country that represents the second largest smartphone market in the world, behind China. We have written about it ad nauseum, but the major point here is that Apple has essentially no footprint in the country, taking home as little as 1% of the smartphone market share, and all of a sudden, everything changed.If you recall that that 1%-2% market share we looked at in India as of mid-2015, news from Quartz broke in March that the tide is shifting, and it's building into a tsunami:That number has spiked to 5.8% in tier-I Indian cities.The key for Apple Inc. was to get around India's law that requires 30% domestic sourcing of products sold in India. First, it looked like Apple had a huge win by side stepping the requirement. A tectonic shift began last year with a visit by Apple's CEO Tim Cook and a private meeting with India's Prime Minister. While the meeting was rather private, the results were not:Shortly after the meeting we got this news: India has singled out "cutting-edge technology" as a segment that can side-step the 30% local producer rule and Apple has been singled out as "cutting-edge technology." What a coincidence.Then Tim Cook went to India just a few weeks ago things went spectacularly well, with news of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stores coming to the country, a R&D facility, and just a lot of smiles. But, as Prime Minister Modi shook Tim Cook's hand, the country's finance minister kicked him in the shins, reportedly denying a waiver of that 30% sourcing rule. That news was stunning.Alas, the good news came right back, with this:That's the great news. But, Apple Inc. also just received catastrophic news too, from a totally different place.China makes up more than 50% of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) operating income, but the company has met fierce new competition. Tim Cook has calmed fears of that competition, noting several facts about Apple's brand acceptance in China. But what nobody expected was for China's homegrown smartphone companies to come to the United States. And friends, that is going to happen.So Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has made a brilliant move to strengthen its footprint in China, while simultaneously allowing Xiaomi to take aim at Apple in the United States.People have called the new launch of the Xiaomi Mi 5, a $400 phone, "the iPhone killer" in China with twice the battery, 10 percent less weight, a more powerful processor than the Apple's A9, and standard low-light with advanced optical stabilization camera. Most analysts report that in comparison, Chinese users tend to report that the Mi 5 has a better feel than the iPhone 6S ( Breitbart ).Xiaomi's cheaper phone wasn't a global iPhone killer because the domestic Chinese have never had the patent rights to begin forming alliances with telecommunications firms in the U.S. and Europe. That barrier has been smashed down and that's catastrophic news for Apple. Or is it?While the bearish view of this outcome is pretty obvious, it turns out this could be a non-issue. No matter how we slice it, "Sino phobia" (a sentiment against China, or Chinese culture) is as real as ever. The public Chinese companies that trade on U.S. exchanges have been hounded by fraud allegations from the smallest companies all the way to the largest of them all, Alibaba (NASDAQ:BABA).The U.S. consumer is no different and there is very little evidence that even if Xiomi makes it to the U.S. that anyone will be interested.On the other hand, the news in India is tremendously good. Bears will argue that India's consumer can't afford an iPhone, which is true for the most part, but Apple isn't after "the most part," it's after 20% of the market, like it has in China. Is there more to this story? Yes, there's a lot. Apple And Didi: Redefining Transportation Transportation is the next big thing in technology. A week almost doesn't go by without a major announcement regarding a new electric vehicle, self-driving technology or ride-sharing investment. The industry is on the cusp of a massive change driven by technology and no one wants to be left behind, whether you are a traditional auto maker from Detroit, Silicon Valley blue chip, or e-commerce giant from China. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is not an exception with its rumored Project Titan electric vehicle being widely considered the worst-kept secret in Silicon Valley. The company's involvement in the auto business would make much sense. Apple looks at entering new industries to innovate and remain relevant (the ultimate success for a technology company), while its unparalleled balance sheet, core competency in designing innovative products and decades of experience building physical objects at a massive scale would put the company in a strong strategic position to redefine the car.

After many Apple car rumors, leaks and clues, the company's recent $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing (Private:DIDI), a Chinese ride-sharing company, makes Apple's interest in the rapidly changing transportation industry official. This is a big deal for the former Apple Computer Inc. and today's "iPhone company." But what are Apple's goals with the ~5% stake in Didi? Does the transaction point to the rumored car? Or is this simply a me-too investment, following other technology companies like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and its stake in Uber (Private:UBER) to take part in the growing ride-sharing market?

Apple CEO Tim Cook had the following comment on the deal:

"We are making the investment for a number of strategic reasons, including a chance to learn more about certain segments of the China market."

Some analysts suggest that Apple's primary motive for the investment is to strengthen its services narrative and/or improve its relationship with the Chinese government after the forced shutdown of Apple's iBooks and iTunes Movies stores. I disagree. I think $1 billion would hardly move a needle in both areas. Instead, the best way to look at the transaction is in the context of Apple's traditional product focus. The company's M&A history shows that Apple doesn't buy companies just for the sake of additional revenue or to play politics. Each of its acquisitions has a clear goal in strengthening a current or upcoming Apple product or service. Let's explore the options that the company has in this respect:

Current service. Didi's ride-sharing service uses machine learning as its critical component to predict and match demand for rides with a supply of cars. Apple's Siri voice assistant could benefit from improved machine learning. However, it could be argued that Apple has more experience in the field, and while buying a stake in a company might grant Apple access to its technology, it would not give it control and ownership - Apple's preferred way to deal with core technology for its products. Upcoming service. Apple wants to launch its own ride-sharing service and wants to learn about the business first. While this would be theoretically possible, in reality, it would be extremely costly and difficult to build scale this late in the game. Apple would have to heavily incentivize drivers and customers to use a new service with very few cars (long waiting times) and very few users (limited income for drivers). For a perspective, Uber currently loses $1B per year in China to take market share from Didi (controls 90% of the market). Upcoming product. Apple as a primarily product company and Didi as a service company want to complement each other in the transportation business. This is a partnership similar to those between Apple and IBM (NYSE:IBM)/Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) where Apple complements its hardware with partners' software and services. I think this is the most likely scenario. Let's discuss it in more detail.

Didi and its ride-sharing partners Ola (India), Grab (Southeast Asia) and Lyft (US) are involved in a fierce market battle with Uber. The best technology and product will go a long way to achieve and maintain market dominance. What Didi precisely needs?

Capital. Didi needs to invest in technology while subsidize rides to fend off Uber's attack.

Better Machine learning . Machine learning is crucial to the company's success (Didi collects over 50TB of data per day). As per Uber's Travis Kalanick: "If you can predict where demand is going to be and you can get the supply to match to that, that's a big freaking deal."

Better maps and more payment options.

Self-driving cars. Uber has recently started testing its own self-driving cars and Didi needs to respond. The self-driving technology is crucial for the future of the ride-sharing business as it will help expand the market by lowering fares and increasing the number of cars in the network. With full level 4 autonomy, it will no longer be needed to search for and incentivize new drivers.

Image source: Uber

Apple can provide Didi with all of that, having billions of cash in China (no need to repatriate it with a hefty tax), experience with machine learning for Siri, and offering Apple Maps and Apple Pay services. Most importantly, a uniquely designed, Apple-branded electric vehicle would provide added value for Didi's global ride-sharing network and differentiate it from Uber. Didi and its partners are present in some of the most important markets covering almost a half of the world's population. Consider that Didi Chuxing now records 14 million rides per day in China, but this is still just a drop in the bucket given the potential of the densely populated urban areas in Asia. Didi's global ride-sharing network could present a unique sales channel compensating for Apple's lack of car dealerships. Neil Cybart, a top Apple analyst from Above Avalon, sees Apple's investment in Didi similar to the company's initial partnership with AT&T (NYSE:T) for the launch of the first iPhone. At that time, AT&T was looking for differentiation and new revenue streams, while Apple needed to learn about the telecommunications industry and looked for a distribution partner. Apple's investment with Didi likely marks the early stages of Apple's entry into the automotive business.

Challenges

Apple, however, needs to hurry up. Competition will be very intense in 2020 when the company is rumored to launch its EV. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) plans to launch its Model 3 way before then, in just about 18 months, and hints at self-driving capabilities. This might worry Apple as similar to ride-sharing those who get to the self-driving market early and build scale will benefit. The more self-driving cars you can get on the road, the more data you collect and the better their autonomous capability. On the other hand, some of the core technologies for electric vehicles like batteries still need to mature to allow for a mass-market driving range, while legislation needs to catch up with the rapidly evolving technology. At the end of the day, Apple will likely rely on what it has always worked so well for the company - it's not important to be the first, but the best and not too late.

Investor Takeaway

Apple's partnership with Didi Chuxing marks the company's official entry into the transportation business. Given Apple's historic product focus, the dynamics of the ride-sharing industry and the ways Apple can complement Didi's services with a physical product, I think the investment may actually mean the beginning of the company's automotive era. Apple's involvement in new industries shows that the company doesn't want to rely on its iPhone business and wants to innovate and remain relevant. This makes me confident that Apple has a bright future and shareholders with a long-term horizon will be rewarded.

Author's Note: If you have enjoyed reading my article and found its content valuable, please take five seconds to follow me by clicking the Follow button next to my name at the top of the page. Should Apple Delay iPhone 7 Launch?  
2016-01-11
1 Significant iPhone Risk Facing Apple Inc. in Fiscal Year 2016 At this point, it is well-known that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is facing significant challenges with this iPhone cycle. Multiple negative data points from many major Apple suppliers (two suppliers even went so far as to negatively pre-announce) suggest that Apple has cut -- perhaps dramatically -- its iPhone build plans for the next several quarters.

Interestingly, analysts with boutique research firm BlueFin (via Barron's) have a fairly novel explanation of what might actually be going on with respect to iPhone. This hypothesis, if true, could potentially point to the beginning of a negative long-term trend for Apple.

iPhone 6s/6s Plus not doing that well, but iPhone 6 still holding up?

The analysts claim that the "30% reduction" with respect to iPhone builds that has been circulating in the press is "specific to the 6s/6s+ models," and doesn't represent the decline in total iPhone builds.

Indeed, the analysts say that production of the older iPhone 6/6 Plus models, as well as the iPhone 5s, has, surprisingly enough, increased over the last month.

Ultimately, the BlueFin analysts say that Apple "misfired" with respect to product mix.

A big year-over-year decline as mix shifts down?

If BlueFin's estimates are correct, then Apple will ship around 51 million iPhone units in the March quarter this year, down about 10 million units (or around 16% year over year). This reduction, the analysts say, is due to the fact that Apple is trying to "draw down channel inventories."

It would seem to me, then, that Apple overshipped during the first calendar quarter relative to demand (leading to a swelling of channel inventory), which is probably why the company didn't wind up issuing a revenue warning for its first calendar quarter.

However, the more alarming part of this note is that demand for the iPhone 6/6 Plus -- which are older and sell for less -- seems to be holding up fairly well.

Worse mix could mean lower average selling prices

In a previous analysis contemplating the potential year-over-year iPhone-related revenue decline Apple may face in fiscal 2016, I estimated that revenue will decline about in line with unit shipments as average selling prices could be flat.

However, it would seem now that a reasonable assumption would be to expect iPhone average selling prices to potentially contract during Apple's fiscal year 2016.

Average selling price declines atop of what looks to be a unit decline of between 8% and 12% year over year might mean iPhone revenue declines solidly in the double digits this year.

Why is iPhone 6s/6s Plus demand so weak as iPhone 6/6 Plus demand holds?

In the last two iPhone cycles, Apple has seen much stronger demand for its latest premium flagships than for its previous-generation/lower-end models. However, this year's lower-end models are quite unique compared to those seen in prior cycles.

During the iPhone 5s cycle, Apple stopped production of the older-generation iPhone 5 and in its place sold the plastic-shelled iPhone 5c. Then, during the iPhone 6/6 Plus cycle, the "cheaper" iPhones were the 4-inch 5s and 5c devices.

However, during this cycle, things are much different. The "value" options are now the iPhone 6/6 Plus. They don't have the features/performance that the newer iPhone 6s/6s Plus have, but they look very similar, are actually thinner and lighter, and are quite a bit cheaper for comparable storage options.

Frankly, for the first time in several generations, Apple's cheaper phones are still quite excellent choices, especially for those who want to save money.

The iPhone 6s/6s Plus issues are clear

In hindsight, it's not hard to see why iPhone 6s/6s Plus demand isn't proving to be as robust as hoped. The iPhone 6s/6s Plus isn't compelling enough for many iPhone 6/6 Plus buyers to upgrade (while the 6/6 Plus were compelling options for buyers of even the 5s in the year prior). On top of that, for buyers with older iPhones -- say, 5s and older -- the iPhone 6/6 Plus at cheaper price points are perfectly good.

Looking ahead to iPhone 7

It will be interesting to see what Apple keeps around as its "cheaper" options once the iPhone 7 launches. If it keeps the iPhone 6/6 Plus at their current price points and replaces the 6s/6s Plus with the iPhone 7/7 Plus, then Apple risks having less competitive products at those price points (where its competition is innovating quite fiercely).

If it pushes the 6s/6s Plus down, then Apple faces the same risk of seeing again what appears to be happening this year. What will work in Apple's favor, though, is that the iPhone 7/7 Plus should bring all-new industrial designs as well as internal upgrades.

Another factor is that, if we assume people upgrade their phones every two years or so, the people who bought the iPhone 6/6 Plus could be preparing to upgrade again. Those folks may choose the iPhone 6s/6s Plus if it's cheaper, but I'd imagine that those customers would be more interested in the 7.

We'll just have to see how it all plays out. Unfortunately for Apple shareholders, I don't think things have the potential to get very "interesting" until the iPhone 7 launches, which is still a good eight to nine months away. Apple Inc. Upgraded For Supply Chain Cuts Apple s supply chain woes are well-documented at this point, and analyst reports on the subject continue to pour in. And no, that headline isn t a typo. While most firms are just trimming their price targets for the iPhone maker but remaining Buy-rated (or the equivalent), one firm has moved off the sidelines. Interestingly however, the same firm also trimmed its price target for the stock.

Another analyst report illustrates that the Chinese are gobbling up iPhones like they re going outta style.

Apple downgraded by Mizuho

In a report dated Jan. 10, Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba said they upgraded Apple from Neutral to Buy and cut their price target from $125 to $120 per share. The analyst said all the worries about the Cupertino, Calif.-based company s supply chain translated into a good buying opportunity for investors.

He added that Wall Street may be  missing the forest for the trees  while acknowledging that data points from the supply chain are concerning investors. He said that the data points are only indicative of short term demand and that he believes investors are  extrapolating the data to eternity,  which he says is a mistake because he thinks Apple  continues to represent a very strong franchise that has potential to keep gaining share. 

Interestingly, he also mentioned  softness in China  a contradiction from the data highlighted by Stifel analysts (see below).

Core Apple worth $120-130 per share

The Mizuho analyst examines Apple s full valuation to look past the current indications of weak iPhone demand. He estimates that an iPhone customer has a  lifetime value  of about $1,200 and believes that the company can keep growing its base.

He surveyed more than 1,000 consumers and learned that the iOS ecosystem is still  alive and healthy,  which he expects to help Apple shares move back toward their fair value of between $120 and $130  based on conservative customer spending ests.  He found that brand loyalty remains high and that a just over half of users are still on devices that predate the iPhone 6, which means upgrades could drive unit numbers over the next few years.

Nearly half (45%) of users said they last upgraded their iPhone between one and two years ago, while 14% said they upgraded more than two years ago, indicating significant opportunities in upgrades alone.

Lamba believes the life of the iPhone will elongate in about 81% of cases after a survey used to gauge iPhone 7 demand. The survey indicated that the upgrade cycle for their last iPhone was 20 months, while for their current one, it was 27 months. In other words, if a large portion of iPhone users have had their current device for more than a year, the iPhone 7 cycle should be strong, although the analyst expects to see quarterly volatility.

Despite all the praise Apple s upgrade program has received from other firms, Lamba believes the upgrade cycle will remain two to three years rather than rising to every year as Apple is hoping to do with the new program. He also says, however, that consumer behavior might shift because of the program with about 62% of survey respondents who plan to upgrade are interested in the program. Among those interested, more than half expect to upgrade within the next 12 months.

Apple s FQ1 earnings may disappoint

Lamba warned that revenues and earnings for the December quarter might come up short of consensus estimates, although he does expect them to be within the provided guidance. Historically, Apple has delivered results near or above the higher end of the provided range, but Lamba is expecting results in or close to the midpoint of the range. The iPhone maker is scheduled to release its next report on Jan. 26.

He is projecting iPhone units of between 74 million and 75 million, revenue of between $75.5 billion and $76.5 billion, and earnings of between $3.10 and $3.20 per share. The consensus estimates are 76 million, $77 billion and $3.25 per share respectively. The analyst predicts that guidance for the March quarter will be under the consensus, although most are already expecting this.

China opportunities growing for Apple

Also this week, Stifel analyst Aaron Rakers and his team released the latest numbers for non-Android smartphone shipments in Mainland China. They assume that most of the non-Android phones that were shipped are iPhones.

The Stifel team found that non-Android shipments for the region climbed 33% year over year in Mainland China for the December quarter, reaching a new record of 24.3 million.

Android smartphones continue to account for the lion s share of the shipments with 84.1% in December, although that percentage is up from the previous quarter s 81.5% and last year s fourth quarter percentage of 83.5%.

Using these data points, they estimate that non-Android smartphone shipments were about 8.1 million in December, a slight sequential decline from 8.7 million but an increase from last year s 6.3 million. For the fourth quarter, they estimate non-Android smartphone shipments at a record 24.3 million, compared to last year s 18.3 million and 14.2 million in the previous quarter.

Apple shares edged upward by as much as 1.34% to $98.26 per share 
2016-07-12
Intel Corporation Reportedly Grabs Even More Apple Inc. iPhone Share At this point, it's well known that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will be supplying cellular modems to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for its next-generation iPhone. It was previously believed that Intel would get a minority allocation in the new iPhone, with cellular modem giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) getting the majority of the orders.

However, a new report from Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri (via Barron's) suggests the chipmaker could actually grab majority baseband share in the new iPhone.

What does this mean for Intel?

If this report is true, and Intel has found its way inside of the majority of Apple's new iPhones, this could signal the beginning of an interesting partnership between Apple and Intel. Arcuri thinks Intel may be selling its XMM 7360 stand-alone modem to Apple for around $15 a unit.

According to Barron's, Arcuri's share assumption means Intel could ship 100 million to 110 million units of these modems to Apple. Taking Arcuri's $15-per-unit estimate and multiplying it by 105 million (the midpoint of the unit shipment assumption) translates into $1.575 billion in revenue.

Arcuri also estimates that Intel could be selling these modems at a gross profit margin of between 50% and 55%, so this business could translate into incremental gross profit of around $827 million (assuming the midpoint on units and gross margins).

This wouldn't be game-changing revenue for the chipmaker, but it could go a long way to further improving the profitability of its client computing group (which now includes its loss-making mobile chip group).

What does this mean for Qualcomm?

To the extent that Intel grabs iPhone share, Qualcomm will lose share. If Intel is pricing its modems aggressively (i.e., undercutting Qualcomm), Qualcomm's revenue loss here could be a bit larger than Intel's gain.

Although this is surely to be a black eye to Qualcomm, particularly as the company has long touted the superiority of its modem technology relative to the competition, it's certainly not the end of the world for the company's wireless chip business.

Although it's too soon to tell what modems Apple will use in future phones and how the iDevice maker might split its orders, it would seem reasonable to expect that Apple would really like to have multiple viable sources for modems over the longer term.

If Intel can continue to execute, I would expect this iPhone share loss to be more than just a one-off deal. However, if Intel fails to execute, Qualcomm could be poised to regain majority -- if not 100% -- share in future iPhones.

Apple is the real winner

It's never a good thing to depend on a single supplier for a component as critical as a cellular modem, so the fact that Intel has apparently emerged as a viable alternative to Qualcomm in stand-alone modems is a clear positive for Apple.

Right now, Apple is still locked into Qualcomm for a portion of the modems it uses in the iPhone since Intel's modems do not have CDMA support, something that's still required for a number of major networks. However, Intel bought Via Telecom's CDMA assets a while back and has indicated that it plans to integrate that technology into future modems.

Once Intel is able to offer a modem solution with CDMA capability, Apple should be completely free to play Qualcomm and Intel off of each other aggressively -- potentially leading to lower margins for both modem makers and a lower bill of materials (read: better gross margins) for future iPhone products. Why Doesn't Apple Inc. Buy Pandora Instead of Tidal? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could soon buy Tidal, a music streaming service owned by Jay Z, according to The Wall Street Journal. Jay Z purchased the service from Swedish company Aspiro for $56 million last March. To attract musicians to the platform, he gave 19 artists small stakes in the company, and backed each artist with millions of dollars in marketing. The service now hosts exclusive songs from Kanye West, Rihanna, Prince, and Jay Z's wife, Beyonce, along with a catalog of 40 million songs.

It's unclear how much Apple is willing to pay for Tidal, but the company has 4.2 million paid subscribers who pay monthly subscription fees ($10 of standard quality sound and $20 for high-fidelity sound), which could generate between $504 million and $1 billion in annual revenue. By comparison, Beats Electronics generated $1.5 billion in revenue in 2013, before Apple acquired it for $3 billion the following year. Apple shut down Beats Music last November and integrated its user base into Apple Music. If Apple acquires Tidal, it will likely do the same thing to strengthen its flagship streaming music platform, which currently has a catalog of over 30 million songs.

Last month, Apple claimed that Apple Music had 15 million subscribers paying monthly membership fees ($10 for individuals and $15 for families). However, the service is still dwarfed by market leader Spotify, which had 89 million listeners (28 million of which were paid subscribers) at the end of 2015.

Therefore, many analysts have wondered why Apple doesn't simply buy Pandora (NYSE:P), which finished last quarter with 79.4 million active listeners, to catch up to Spotify. Pandora's enterprise value of $2.9 billion is certainly pocket change for Apple, but I don't think the tech giant will ever buy Pandora for a few simple reasons.

Incompatible business models

Apple has made Apple Music a subscription-based service, because subscription revenues are much higher and more predictable than ad-based revenue.

Apple Music, Beats Music, Tidal, and Spotify are all subscription-based services, but Pandora is mainly an ad-based platform. Last year, 80% of Pandora's revenue came from advertising, 19% came from subscriptions, the rest came from ticket sales. Spotify, which generates about 90% of its sales from subscriptions, finished last year with nearly $2.2 billion in revenue. In other words, Spotify generated 87% more revenue than Pandora in fiscal 2015 despite having only 12% more active listeners.

Generating more revenue per active listener is critical for streaming music companies, since royalty fees gobble up most of their revenues. That's why neither Spotify nor Pandora is profitable, and their losses are widening every year. Spotify posted a net loss of 173.1 million euros ($191 million) in 2015, while Pandora posted a net loss of $170 million.

It might seem odd for Apple to enter such an unprofitable market, but the key difference between Apple Music and Spotify is its lack of a permanently free tier. Since Apple doesn't broadcast free songs to millions of users and try to cover those royalties with ad revenue, its streaming business mainly consists of balancing royalties and streaming expenses against subscriber fees. Apple also doesn't need Apple Music to be highly profitable -- it just needs it to expand its digital ecosystem, offset waning iTunes digital downloads, and boost the appeal of its higher-margin iOS devices.

Tidal brings more talent and connections to the table

By buying companies like Beats and Tidal, Apple gains deeper relationships with influential artists like Dr. Dre, Trent Reznor, and Jay Z. Trent Reznor reportedly played a major role in redesigning Beats Music before it was integrated into Apple Music. Jay Z could do the same by integrating Tidal's catalog of exclusive songs and partnerships with top artists into Apple Music. Apple, in turn, could offer artists big in-store and digital promotions for their new albums, as it did with Taylor Swift's 1989 late last year.

There's no guarantee that Tidal's artists will stay if it's acquired by Apple. However, Tidal reportedly pays singers, songwriters, and producers the highest royalties of any music streaming service. Unless Apple dramatically reduces that percentage, its doubtful that most artists will pull their songs.

Pandora notably lacks that star power and often tries to lower its own royalty payments. Back in 2014, Pandora signed a deal with the indie label collective Merlin in a push to lower the Copyright Royalty Board's (CRB) benchmark rates for music licensing fees. Earlier this year, Merlin protested that royalty-lowering move and claimed that the CRB "fundamentally misread the context" of the agreement. If Apple buys Pandora, it would inherit this battle, which could tarnish its reputation among Apple Music artists.

Sorry, Pandora, you're on your own

Pandora is currently struggling with sluggish listener growth, widening losses, and the abrupt departure of its longtime CEO. The stock's 12% decline over the past 12 months indicates that investors aren't confident in its future prospects, and Apple probably doesn't believe that Pandora's ad-heavy business can be properly balanced. Therefore, I believe that Apple would make the right play by buying Tidal and that Pandora won't likely be acquired in the near future. 3 Reasons Apple, Inc. Stock Price Will Rise Above $100 A Share Expect a rally in Apple stock price up to September due to the iPhone 7 launch.

My due diligence demonstrates that the company is a value play and most certainly not a value trap.

Apple continues to coax customers from Android and Microsoft which illustrates that the fundamentals of its iPhone are still intact.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is a long way from its $112+ price it was trading at a few short months ago. The company's second quarter earnings in April of this year sent the stock falling as revenue fell for the first time in 13 years and iPhone sales fell for the first time ever. However "peak iPhone" may only be a temporary scenario as although sales will undoubtedly slow in the near term, you just know that the company is working tirelessly behind the scenes trying to bring far more value to the market through its iPhone and this "value" may happen sooner than many realize.

Also read: Apple Music's Progress Is A Short Term Positive For Apple, Inc.

Apart from slowing sales, another headwind hanging over the stock is the decision by Beijing's intellectual property regulator to stop iPhone 6 and 6 plus sales in the city but I see this as a storm in a teacup which will blow over in due time. In fact, Apple has done excellently in China so far and I can only see this growth continuing as an emerging middle class keeps smartphone demand elevated.

iPhone Launches Have Always Been Preceded By A Rally In The Stock Price

Firstly with the iPhone 7 due to be launched in September, investors will be well aware that Apple stock price has always outperformed the S&P500 in the weeks leading up to the launch. If we take a 10 week window, we are right there now, so Apple's share price should start pushing higher from here on. Furthermore, the company has the advantage of a rising stock market despite the most recent Brexit vote which resulted in the market losing 100 handles before we witnessed another V shaped recovery (see chart). The Brexit vote in my opinion caused the market to print an intermediate bottom on the 27th of June. Intermediate cycles can last up to 25 weeks and Apple stock should continue to rise alongside the market especially with its upcoming launch to come.

Apple Has High Income, Low Debt And Billions Of Cash Making It A Sound Value Play

Valuation is another positive Apple has going for it especially considering that a special dividend could be on the cards in the near term. At the moment, Apple is paying out a 2.38% dividend yield but with a paltry payout ratio of 23% and with $55 billion of cash and short term investments on its balance sheet, some investors are expecting the company to announce the pay-out of a special dividend which would really attract value investors in hoards. Apple has all the signs of being a quality value play. Its debt to equity ratio of 0.53 is attractive plus its earnings and sales multiples of 10.6 and 2.4 are well below historic averages.

Furthermore, the market is punishing the stock because its earnings will be lower than 2015 this year and next but Apple is still predicted to bring in $8.24 in EPS this year and a further $9.02 the following year. Therefore, we should have positive earnings growth on a yearly basis once 2016 finishes in September which again will attract investors in hoards.

Android At Present Is Losing Customers To Apple

Apple is confident that customers will continue to switch in droves from Android, Google's mobile operating system. In fact, this year alone Apple witnessed more switchers from the likes of Android and Microsoft in its entire history. Furthermore, emerging markets like India continue to be high growth markets for Apple with the company reporting 56% rolling year growth in its most recent quarter. These are some of the trends Apple bears are missing. Yes unit sales dropped by 16% in the last quarter but its long term fundamentals seem to be intact. We will know more in the Autumn but its iPhone SE model should gain traction in the Indian market, for example.

To sum up, Apple is more and more turning into a shareholder friendly company which attracted the likes of Warren Buffet to invest in the company. Strong buybacks will continue to help the company's earnings in this transitioning period no doubt. Given the combination of the impending iPhone7 launch, a rising stock market and further growth in emerging markets, it would be foolish to believe that the company's iPhone growth story is over. This stock is still too cheap to ignore and wont be under $100 for long. 
2016-09-10
Digging Into This Massive Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Mystery At Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 launch event, the company made quite a big deal about the new A10 Fusion chip that powers the company's newest phones. The processor represents a substantial improvement in both CPU performance (which makes everything faster) as well as in graphics tasks (which makes games and other 3D-intensive applications smoother).

In particular, Apple claims that in terms of graphics performance, the A10 Fusion is 50% faster than the A9, but that it delivers this improvement with just two-thirds the power consumption of the prior-generation A9 chip.

Had Apple also transitioned to a new chip manufacturing technology in going from the A9 to the A10, this would have been impressive. The fact that Apple is still sticking with the same Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer FinFET+ technology with this new chip makes it crazy impressive.

It's clear that major design changes have been made to the graphics portion of the A10 Fusion chip relative to the A9's graphics subsystem. So, the question that arises is: What graphics processor is Apple using in this new chip?

Three candidates, with only two likely ones

There are three potential options that Apple could have gone with for the graphics portion of the A10 Fusion chip. The first is that Apple may have adopted Imagination Technologies' (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF) Series 7XT Plus design. That design is similar to the Series 7XT design that Apple used in the A9/A9X, but with some enhancements.

The next is that Apple could be using Imagination's next-generation Series 8XT graphics cores. The details of this technology have not been formally announced, but the company did mention in its July earnings presentation that it aims to "consolidate [its] position and retain leadership in high-end phones with series 8XT cores."

And, finally, we could be looking at a totally custom graphics processor design by Apple.

Given the magnitude of the performance improvement, the Series 7XT Plus probably isn't what's being used here. This leaves the possibilities of Apple using a Series 8XT processor and a custom processor.

Furthermore, given that Imagination said that it aims to "retain leadership in high-end phones with series 8XT cores," and given that Apple is far and away its largest high-end phone customer, it stands to reason that the A10 Fusion chip is using a Series 8XT processor.

Why hasn't Imagination "announced" the Series 8XT?

If Apple is already shipping chips with Series 8XT graphics cores, then why hasn't Imagination formally announced Series 8XT and made a big deal about it?

My guess is that Apple didn't want Imagination "giving away" the kind of graphics performance enhancement that customers should have expected from the iPhone 7 ahead of the device's launch. After all, had Imagination announced these cores and given its performance/power consumption estimates, then it wouldn't have been too hard to predict what Apple was going to announce with the A10 Fusion.

By keeping mum on Series 8XT's performance and capabilities, Imagination likely allowed Apple to "surprise" customers in a way that wouldn't have been possible otherwise. Will Intel Corporation Stay in the Apple Inc. iPhone in 2017? Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has finally made it into the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone. The chipmaker is supplying a portion of the modems inside of the iDevice maker's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones. This isn't the sort of win that's going to move the financial needle for the chipmaker, but it does serve as a very real validation of the chipmaker's efforts to build capable cellular modems.

With Intel in the mix this year, one has to wonder whether Intel will be able to continue to win future iPhone designs. In this column, I try to answer that question.

Beyond XMM 7360

The Intel modem that Apple is likely using inside of the iPhone 7 is the XMM 7360. The modem supports up to 450 megabits-per-second download speeds and 100 megabits-per-second upload speeds.

Intel's next modem, a device known as the XMM 7480, still tops out at 450 megabits-per-second download speeds, but it sees an upgrade on the uplink to handle up to 150 megabits-per-second upload speeds. If Apple chooses to keep Intel as a modem supplier for the next-generation iPhone, it would almost certainly use the XMM 7480.

Why using XMM 7480 could make sense

It's likely that Apple is using Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon X12 modem for the non-Intel versions of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. That modem, interestingly enough, actually supports 600 megabits-per-second download speeds and 150 megabits-per-second upload speeds.

However, Apple only advertised the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus as being capable of 450 megabits per second download speeds. I suspect that Apple is sandbagging the capabilities of the Qualcomm modems in the versions of the iPhone that have Qualcomm modems in order to support its dual-sourcing strategy.

What I expect, then, is for Apple to continue using the Snapdragon X12 modem inside of the non-Intel versions of its post-iPhone 7 smartphones, but this time, enable them to reach their full upload-speed potential, because the XMM 7480 will finally be able to match it.

Intel has a foothold, but it needs to improve its products

Frankly, it's quite interesting that Apple was willing to sacrifice the peak download speeds that it was able to advertise for the sake of bringing Intel on as a modem supplier. In the near term, I would expect it to be a mild inconvenience for Apple, as competing smartphone vendors will be able to advertise faster download and upload speeds relative to the new iPhones.

Longer term, it looks to me that Apple is making a long-term bet on Intel in a bid to diversify its modem suppliers. By making the required sacrifices to bring Intel onboard for the iPhone 7, Apple makes it worth Intel's while to continue to invest aggressively in future modem technology.

With that in mind, Intel is going to need to step it up in terms of features and performance. I don't think Apple will want to artificially restrict the cellular capabilities of its phones in order to accommodate Intel in perpetuity. If Intel doesn't achieve feature/technology parity with Qualcomm over the next, say, three to four product generations, it wouldn't be farfetched to think that Intel would no longer be inside of the iPhone. 
2016-09-15
What to Expect from Apple Inc.'s 2017 A11 Chip Although Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently launched iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus represent compelling offerings, there seems to be a general consensus that the 2017 iPhone -- which I'll refer to here as the iPhone 8 -- will be a much bigger leap forward than the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were over their predecessors.

I suspect this is going to be true -- not because the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus weren't large improvements, but because Apple's pace of innovation appears to be accelerating.

Let's go over the innovations I expect to see in the company's next-generation mobile processor, which is likely to be marketed as the A11 Fusion processor.

A transition to 10-nanometer technology

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) says that it expects to begin recognizing revenue from its 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology during the first quarter of 2017, and that revenue "will ramp steeply throughout 2017."

It seems likely, then, that the A11 will be built on this new technology.

The transition to 10 nanometers should enable Apple to pack a lot more features and functionality into a given area than it could with the 16-nanometer technology that the A10 Fusion chip is built on. TSMC previously said (via EETimes) that its 10-nanometer technology will see a "20% speed gain and 40% power reduction" relative to its 16-nanometer technology.

This means that, at least on paper, if Apple were to simply "redo" its A10 Fusion design with TSMC's 10-nanometer tech, it should be able to see both a cost reduction and a performance improvement relative to the original design.

More radical architectural changes

Apple tends to make meaningful design and architectural changes with each generation, but it would seem that the company tends to make bigger and more aggressive improvements -- particularly in the processor core -- with odd-numbered chips than it does with the even-numbered ones.

Apple claimed that its A7 chip delivered twice the performance of the A6 in CPU tasks, as well as twice the graphics performance. For the A8, Apple claimed a 25% boost in CPU tasks over the A7, and a 50% boost in graphics performance.

Then, with the A9, Apple boasted a 70% improvement in CPU performance and a 90% uplift in graphics performance relative to the A8. And, finally, with this year's A10, Apple (if you believe its claims) was able to get a 40% boost in CPU performance and a 50% boost in graphics.

The combination of the new 10-nanometer manufacturing technology with what are likely to be much more significant architectural changes/enhancements should allow Apple to exceed the level of improvement in CPU and graphics tasks that the A10 delivered over the A9.

Apple likely to maintain smartphone-performance leadership

The A9 processor inside of Apple's now mid-range iPhone 6s and 6s Plus still offers better CPU performance (at least per core) than any of its competitors in the Android space, and the A10 will likely ensure that Apple handily holds that crown until the A11 comes along. And then, unsurprisingly, I expect the A11 to continue to hold a healthy lead over its competition. Apple's chip team is just that good.

In terms of graphics, I expect the A10 to hold a clear leadership position at least until the next generation of processors from the usual suspects in the Android market. Then, perhaps, Apple could be matched, or even slightly outdone, in this area until the A11 arrives.

Apple seems to be making some very hefty investments in maintaining or even growing its leadership position in smartphone applications processors, and based on what we've seen over the last couple of generations, that investment is paying off nicely.

In the years ahead, though, I expect even greater things on the chip front from the iDevice maker. These will be enabled by an aggressive chip-technology manufacturing road map from TSMC, and continued design and architecture excellence on Apple's part. Apple, Inc. Still Has a Long Way to Go to Catch Spotify Just days after Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced that it now has 17 million paying Apple Music subscribers, Spotify has decided to one-up the Mac maker. The dominant on-demand music streaming platform has now announced that it has over 40 million paying subscribers, or more than twice the number of paid customers that Apple has.

More importantly, Spotify is adding customers at a much faster rate in absolute terms. The company has now doubled its large base of paying subscribers in just 15 months. In June 2015, Spotify hit 20 million subscribers, subsequently crossing 30 million in March of this year. Apple Music officially launched in June 2015 as well, but initially began as a free three-month trial. The billing kicked in starting September 2015, and Apple announced shortly thereafter that it had about 6.5 million paying subscribers.

As it stands, Spotify's paying user base is twice the size of Apple Music's. That's just the company's paying users; Spotify's total active user base as of June 2016 was over 100 million including ad-based users. Apple Music has no free tier beyond the three-month trial.

While growing to 17 million subscribers is solid, it's actually less impressive than you might think. Not only does Apple have an installed base of over 1 billion devices at this point, the company opened up Apple Music to Android last year, making it one of Apple's few cross-platform service offerings. Considering the size of the market that Apple is targeting, 17 million is actually just a drop in the bucket. Apple has now redesigned the Apple Music interface in iOS 10, addressing one of the more prominent criticisms of the service since the initial design was confusing.

Meanwhile, Spotify has cemented itself as the industry leader by a healthy margin. Even Pandora (NYSE:P) is preparing to enter the on-demand streaming market, recently inking the requisite licensing agreements with the major record labels. Pandora's user growth -- both ad-based and paid -- has been stagnating for quite some time. Total users were 78.6 million at the end of June, of which only 3.9 million were paid subscribers (unchanged from a year ago).

Earlier this year, Spotify actually said Apple Music's launch has helped Spotify's trajectory, raising awareness and interest in streaming music. It looks like it's going to be hard to put a dent in Spotify's growth. Acacia Research unit awarded verdict of willful patent infringement in case against Apple  
2016-09-29
Apple, Inc. iPhone 7 Orders Still Exceed Supply As Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) important holiday quarter draws closer, Apple's newest iPhone is still supply constrained. Does this mean iPhone deliveries next quarter could disappoint? Not necessarily.

Supply constrained

The first deliveries of Apple's newest iPhone lineup -- the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus -- were handed over on Sept. 16. With deliveries starting about a week earlier than usual, some investors may have reasoned that this early production schedule could give Apple a good shot at minimizing supply constraints as the company went into its first fiscal quarter of 2017, which starts on Oct. 1. But iPhone 7 supply remains severely constrained just a couple of days before the start of Q1.

It only takes a few minutes of viewing different iPhone 7 models on Apple's website to realize just how backed up the company is. A fully stocked iPhone delivers the following day after an order. But shipping estimates for varying iPhone 7 models range from two weeks to over a month. An AT&T iPhone 7 with 32GB of storage, for instance, ships in two to three weeks. And, on the other end of the spectrum, a jet-black iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB of storage ships in November.

This is normal

It's not clear whether higher-than-expected demand, severe supply challenges, or a combination of both are the reason for the iPhone 7's constrained availability. Reports from Sprint and T-Mobile stating that iPhone 7 preorders were five times higher than the 6s launch and four times higher than the iPhone 6 launch, respectively, suggest that higher-than-expected demand could be the culprit. But since this is a very limited view into the demand for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, this shouldn't be trusted as a lead indicator for estimating iPhone 7 demand. Further, it's simply impossible to know how well Apple is actually ramping up supply. Chances are, iPhone 7 supply constraints can be credited to both higher-than-expected demand and supply challenges.

Fortunately for Apple investors, the company has dealt with problems like this before. This is far from the first time the tech giant has come up short of iPhone demand in the months after launch. Apple's iPhone 6 supply constraints two years ago, for example, persisted through the entire first fiscal quarter and even lasted into the company's fiscal second quarter. And just about every iPhone launch has faced supply constraints for certain models for several months.

Despite many instances of supply constraints in the months following a new iPhone launch, iPhone revenue has set a new record every holiday quarter. Put simply, Apple knows a thing or two about addressing supply constraints.

There's one particular reason for investors to have confidence in Apple's ability to ramp-up production of iPhone 7 this year: The company's initial launch for the iPhone spanned far more countries than usual. On Sept. 16, Apple launched iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in 29 markets. Then the company followed-up with a launch in 29 more markets by Sept. 23. Comparatively, iPhone 6s was first launched in just 12 markets; and it wasn't even until 10 days into October than Apple started bringing the iPhone to additional markets. Therefore, Apple's comparatively more aggressive global rollout for its iPhone 7 this year suggests management is apparently somewhat confident in its ability to ramp up iPhone production.

Investors, of course, should keep in mind that participating in guesswork related to iPhone sales based on shipping estimates or even supply rumors is tricky business. But severely limited iPhone 7 availability at least suggests the company doesn't have a demand problem on its hands. Don't Count on NVIDIA Corp. Getting Inside the Apple Inc. iPad In a recent column published by Seeking Alpha, contributor Mark Hibben offered up his commentary on the news (first published here) that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may opt to use graphics processors from graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) in future Mac products.

As part of this commentary, he made the following observation:

Since Nvidia already features its Pascal [graphics processing unit] in its ARM-based Parker Tegra processor, I can see Apple turning to Nvidia for GPU licensing in future A series SOCs. An Apple iPad with Nvidia graphics would offer unrivaled graphics.

Although this possibility seems interesting, I don't think we'll see it happen anytime soon (if ever).

NVIDIA's GPUs are powerful, but Apple has been doing a fine job

The graphics processors that Apple includes in its iPad-specific processors, which are implementations of technologies developed by Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF), tend to be best in class.

According to tests performed by AnandTech, the A9X inside of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro far and away outperforms any other mobile processor in many graphics tests (including 3DMark Sling Shot, GFXBench 3.0, and Basemark ES 3.1).

That includes the graphics processor inside of NVIDIA's own Tegra X1 system-on-a-chip (though to be fair, the X1 came out first and is built on an older manufacturing technology, putting it at a disadvantage to the A9X).

In August, NVIDIA gave out the first details of its next generation Tegra processor, code-named Parker. This is a part manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer technology (putting it on manufacturing process parity with the A9X) and could very well take the mobile graphics performance crown from Apple.

However, it's important to note that the A9X is nearly a year old at this point and is likely to be replaced by the A10X in early 2017. With the A10X I would not be surprised to see Apple take the mobile graphics processor performance crown back from NVIDIA (especially since the A10X is likely to be manufactured in TSMC's newer 10-nanometer technology).

The point of this discussion isn't to disparage NVIDIA's Tegra efforts. Rather, the purpose is to show that -- at least when it comes to graphics processors integrated into tablet-class processors -- Apple is already fielding leadership products.

Based on this, it's really tough to make a compelling case for Apple to ditch Imagination's offerings for NVIDIA's.

What could compel Apple to switch?

Nothing is impossible, and I can imagine a scenario under which Apple does switch from Imagination's graphics processors to NVIDIA's. It would essentially come down to NVIDIA putting together significantly more powerful and power efficient solutions than what Imagination would be able to provide.

That said, a single generation of leadership isn't likely to be enough to seal the deal. I believe that Apple would have to look at both companies' long-term graphics processor road maps and come to the conclusion that NVIDIA is not only going to take the efficiency lead in one generation, but sustain (or, preferably, grow) that lead out in time.

NVIDIA's graphics processors have gotten much more efficient over the years (in the world of graphics processors targeted at personal computers, NVIDIA is generally believed to have the most power efficient solutions available), but Imagination isn't sitting still.

Further, I would imagine that Apple has significant influence on Imagination's technology road map. Not only is Apple a key customer of Imagination's graphics technologies, but Apple actually owns a significant portion of Imagination.

I'm not saying it's impossible for NVIDIA or another graphics processor vendor (such as ARM Holdings) to displace Imagination, but it'd be exceedingly difficult to do so. As such, I don't recommend current or potential NVIDIA shareholders to invest in the company's stock on the basis of a potential deal to supply intellectual property to Apple for its iDevices. 
2016-06-24
Apple Inc. Finally Kills This Aging Accessory One of the signature features of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iMac computers has been excellent, if not innovative, displays. The panels found on the company's iMacs are sharp, generally well-calibrated, and all-in-all help to deliver a pleasant computing experience.

The majority of the Macs that Apple sells today include integrated displays, but there are some Mac systems -- such as the Mac Mini and the Mac Pro -- that require separate, external displays. Additionally, some users of portable Macs often want to be able to use their systems like desktops, so they often connect their MacBooks to external displays.

Apple has traditionally offered a display under its own branding, known as the Thunderbolt Display, for users looking for an "official" Apple-branded stand-alone monitor. According to iMore, the Thunderbolt Display is no more.

A really poor value in a world of Retina 5K iMacs

The problem with the Thunderbolt Display is that the current (and, apparently, last) model is quite expensive at $999. Expensive isn't a problem if the product delivers value to the consumer, but the issue is that the display simply isn't that compelling.

It's a 2560-by-1440 IPS panel that covers the standard sRGB color gamut. It also sports a built-in FaceTime HD camera. Not a bad display by any means, but this display has been far surpassed by the Retina 5K displays that the company integrates into its current generation 27-inch iMacs.

To put it into perspective, a base 27-inch iMac with a 3.2GHz quad core processor, 8 gigabytes of memory, a 1 terabyte hard drive, discrete graphics card, and a wide-gamut Retina 5K display sells for $1799.

The iMac mentioned above is more powerful than the fastest Mac Mini that Apple sells -- a $999 product -- and it just so happens to come with a much superior display. One might as well just buy the iMac.

For those customers looking for a monitor to pair with the Mac Pro -- Apple's highest-end, professional-oriented system -- there are simply many better third-party options. Some of these offer comparable quality to the Apple Thunderbolt Display for lower prices, while others are superior for the same price.

Apple needed to update it, or just let it go

The vast majority of the Macs that Apple sells today come with built-in displays. The Mac Mini and Mac Pro are niche products. In particular, the Mac Mini is aimed at more cost-conscious buyers, so those systems are very likely to be paired with similarly cheap displays.

The Mac Pro is targeted at professional content creators whose display needs may be well in excess of what the current Thunderbolt Display offers. The needs of these users are probably not identical either.

So Apple had a choice: it could update the Thunderbolt Display and only wind up satisfying a small portion of what is already a very limited total addressable market. Or, it could not bother and let customers choose from the very broad set of capable displays in the marketplace for their needs.

The latter option simply makes much more financial and, ultimately, business sense so it shouldn't come as a surprise that Apple chose to discontinue the Thunderbolt Display. Apple Inc. Crushes China Competitor Xiaomi 

Apple Inc. Crushes China Competitor Xiaomi





P

S

R

W

 

Quality problems may be contributing to the steep drop-off. Some Mi phone users have been lamenting publicly about cracked screens and static from earphone slots.



And Xiaomi's newest flagship phone, the Mi 5, has attracted complaints since its release in March, with buyers reporting that new handsets often reached a scorching 120 degrees F.



Clark, the Internet consultant, recently surveyed phone owners in China. Only 37% of Xiaomi owners said they would buy another Xiaomi phone, while 74% of Apple users said they would get another iPhone.  

Source: Fortune Quality problems may be contributing to the steep drop-off. Some Mi phone users have been lamenting publicly about cracked screens and static from earphone slots.And Xiaomi's newest flagship phone, the Mi 5, has attracted complaints since its release in March, with buyers reporting that new handsets often reached a scorching 120 degrees F.Clark, the Internet consultant, recently surveyed phone owners in China.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has received a number of scares from China, starting with the iPhone trademark handed to a Chinese leather goods company. Then in late April China shut down Apple's online book and movie services under the guise of protecting the communist government's ability to regulate content. But, the most recent scare was much more tangible -- China banned certain version of the iPhone 6 from being sold in Beijing citing strong similarity to an existing Chinese phone.But all of those risks, up until now, took a back seat to the real threat -- Chinese phone maker Xiaomi had overtaken Apple as the top seller in China and was crowned "the Apple of China" just last year. Friends, that reality has come crashing down and reminds us that there is one, and only one, Apple.In early 2015, Xiaomi was held as a massive player in the making ready to take Apple's throne. The company made "cheap, stylish handsets" and they were selling fast, earning strong reviews and taking market share from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Executives at the firm had openly disclosed and begun to execute plans to compete globally with Apple and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) with the roll out of the ever loved phrase, its own "ecosystem."That ecosystem meant music, apps and Internet-of-Things products. All of this news came on the heels of capital raise that valued the firm at $45 billion ( Fortune ).Calls that Apple was dead came often and early, even aside from the legal battles with the Chinese government. Xiaomi was the largest private company in the world and was hailed as the Apple killer. But then reality happened.Xiaomi moved from the low priced phone market to the upper end, and it failed spectacularly. The company projected 100 million smartphone sales for 2015 and hit 71 million. Further, growth absolutely plummeted, well faster than the broader smartphone market and certainly faster than Apple's iPhone. Here's a great chart from IDC via Fortune:It's simple, trying to be Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and successfully doing it appear to be two very different tasks.For anyone that was willing to listen, Apple CEO Tim Cook has been pounding the table about how Apple iPhone owners have the strongest brand loyalty of any product on the market, and that it isn't even close. Further, he noted time and again that Android switchers, those phone owners switching from an Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android phone to an Apple iPhone, had reached peak levels.Tim Cook further extolled that the slow down for Apple in China was a macroeconomic hiccup, and that the firm's brand had never been stronger and that growth was still to be had. It runs out, he was right. Even the home grown Chinese phone maker unicorn could not hold up to the standards that Apple brought to China, and that means there is still one premium brand, no matter what reports we get from the mainstream media, that China is tiring of Apple. It is not. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Hammered By Brexit Britain shocked the markets by voting for Brexit, and now scores of major U.S. equities, including Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock, Facebook stock and others, have fallen into a nosedive. Analysts and economists alike are advising investors that the Brexit result is creating buying opportunities in large numbers of popular U.S. stocks. On the flip side, many U.K. stocks are plunging, with one notable exception being British chip maker ARM.

Apple stock plunges, thanks to Brexit

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock tumbled by 3% to as low as $93.21 today. Major U.S. stock indices are tumbling as well, with Apple stock s decline weighing heavily on the S&P 500 s 3.4% descent The Nasdaq Composite was down too, plunging by more than 4% during regular trading on Friday.

The iPhone maker s multinational status means it is extremely exposed to major currency movements, such as those triggered by the Brexit vote today. MarketWatch reports that while only 2.3% of Apple s sales over the last 12 months were in the U.K., its European exposure is 15.4%, and Britain s exit from the European Union is expected to throw much of Europe into disarray.

Options for AAPL stock

InvestorPlace contributor Nicolas Chahine described the plunge in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s share price as a  tasty discount  on Apple stock. However, he still advises playing the iPhone maker s stock via the options market, such as through the Jan $80 put, which he said gains him $2.62 per contract in a bullish scenario. He estimates his chance of turning a profit off this put at 80%, noting that the risk is having to own Apple stock  at a 15% discount from current levels. 

For a more conservative view, he suggests a credit put spread to put a limit on risk by selling the Jan $80/ $75 credit put spread, which he said would earn him $1 per contract with a potential yield of 25%. Again he sees an 80% chance of success and adds that the maximum loss in this case is the  difference between the width of the spread and the premium collected,  which in this case is $4 per contract.

He adds that those who want to reduce their risk can reduce the width of the spread, perhaps by cutting it to $2.50 with the Jan $82.50/ $80 credit put spread. Of course a smaller maximum loss means a smaller maximum profit as well, in the event of this being a good bet.

Apple supplier benefits from Brexit via plunging pound

Interestingly, shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) supplier ARM, which is based in the U.K., soared on Friday even as the London Stock Exchange plunged by more than 200 points and the FTSE 100 slumped by 150 points. Brexit has already greatly weakened the British pound, sending it to record lows today, and this is very good for ARM, reports MarketWatch.

A weaker pound means better profitability for ARM because most of its sales are done in U.S. dollars, although half of its production is paid in pounds and its earnings are reported in pounds. Jefferies analyst Robert Lamb estimates that every 10% decline in the pound against the dollar means a 15% boost in earnings per share for ARM.

In addition to Apple, other major customers of ARM are Intel, Qualcomm and Texas Instruments.

Other winners in Brexit

FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyrafi is eying the equities markets today for buying opportunities in light of the turmoil we re seeing due to the Brexit vote. Of course Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is on his list, as are other big tech names. Facebook, which is his top pick amid the Brexit chaos, Salesforce, Palo Alto Networks, Cisco Systems, and Fitbit are on his list. Based on early trading prices of all the stocks on his list, Seyrafi said Salesforce appeared to be the  most mispriced based on the Brexit vote. 

He sees Amazon and Google parent Alphabet as being risks because of their higher levels of exposure to Europe, although he still likes both companies. Apple Inc. Quite Literally Saved The TV Industry At WWDC 2016 Apple stock has performed poorly following WWDC 2016.

However, the company has delivered a meaningful breakthrough that s worth noting.

Apple Inc. has devised a viable solution for transitioning TV to the Internet.

I believe that the recent weakness in Apple stock price is due to broad weakness in equity flows in North America as opposed to fundamentally driven selling. Furthermore, with analysts already revising their stance going into the event, and expectations by well-reputed journalists/media already lowered, it wasn t like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could have done even further damage to its own valuation. It s gotten bad, but certainly not worse. And quite frankly, some of the new announcements at WWDC 2016 were actually quite good, but there weren t enough near term catalysts to imply a substantial revision to earnings/revenue assumptions for the duration of the year, and expectations on feature improvement for iPhone 7 have declined given on-going leaks and comments from analysts closer to the Apple supply chain.

Also read: India Should Not Be Hyped As Apple's Next Growth Frontier

While Apple is the most followed stock among analysts on the sell/buy side it s become particularly rocky given the massive variance in financial comps y/y and the substantial drop off in emerging market demand. It s been a pretty bad year (relatively) for Apple investors. Visibility is quite low on FY 17 results, but I m still maintaining the stance that there will be some recovery in iPhone demand and I also believe some of the new features announced at the conference were broadly ignored. Thankfully, it gives me room to insert my own comments on what was actually important coming out of the event, so you won t suffer from another regurgitated summary on WWDC 2016.

Apple s disruption in TV will be bigger than music

Ironically, what was really surprising was the better integration of conventional media/channel apps on Apple TV, which bypasses the conventional cable set. This is important because Apple s approach is quite compatible with the pre-existing cable operators and channels thus creating a viable pathway for convergence of standards for linear programming and OTT bundles like Netflix, Amazon and Hulu.

That being the case, I believe Apple can saturate a meaningful percentage of the set top box market with incremental upside in the form of feature additions that can be added on an annual cadence. In other words, Apple is really committed to TV as its next major growth category, as many of their other announcements were actually marginal in nature. New Siri updates aren t going to drive substantial improvements to iPhone sales, as the incremental software feature is included in a major update for pre-existing iPhone users. As such, the focus has really shifted to new opportunities beyond the core handset business, which is why I m actually excited.

In a prior article titled: Intel s Efforts in the Enterprise Will Reward Shareholders in 2017, I go into much deeper detail on the underlying difference in standards between conventional broadcast/cable versus broadband internet. Essentially, there s going to be a convergence of TV with the Internet and it primarily hinges on the difference in encoding standards for the two mediums. However, Apple TV actually bridges that gap quite effectively without damaging the pre-existing business models of cable providers (Comcast and DirecTV) and media franchises like Walt-Disney and Time Warner Inc.

In other words, Apple is thinking big because it will save the TV industry (similar to how it saved the record labels back in the Jobs era). This is what actually mattered at WWDC 2016, quite literally. I honestly couldn t believe the massive progression Apple has made in this specific avenue as opposed to all of the tertiary commentary on Watch OS, Mac OS and Siri. While those announcements were important, they were incremental advances whereas the development in TV was more strategic and indicative of massive shifts in the media space that could not be addressed any more effectively than by Apple itself.

Apple still moves industries, and that s something I ve been critical of lately. But, those concerns have actually abated a little more, because if Apple is intent on ramping its software revenue (which has phenomenal gross margins) then it needed to disrupt another category: the living room.

So, how exactly is Apple disrupting the TV-industry? Well, the company has developed a feature called single sign-on for Pay-TV applications. This makes it extremely simple for users to access channels via Apple TV using the subscription of a Pay-TV provider. It effectively transitions pre-existing cable subscribers to an application interface without the hassle of excessive log-ins. The back-end partnerships to orchestrate this is unique to Apple, and it creates an enviable durable advantage that competitors cannot easily replicate.

When a TV stream is operating out of an application environment, it s spinning off of server instances inside of a datacenter as opposed to the conventional format by which compression occurs via a standardized bandwidth threshold based on MPEG 2, which is the current digital TV standard. The critical component for TV broadcast hinges heavily on whether there s a successful transition to 4K, as the technology is moving faster than the industry can mobilize an effective transition.

It s likely that Apple TV will eventually integrate the HEVC standard, but it still decodes MPEG 4 or what s referred to as H.264. This basically makes the file size smaller utilizing less network bandwidth allowing for acceptable 4K streams. The next generation compression technology, i.e. HEVC will further reduce the usage of bandwidth, which makes 4K content via broadcast even more accessible. The beauty of transitioning to the data center is the creativity it provides ESPN, NFL TV, MLB TV, etc., as on-demand live analytics of sports statistics with 3-dimensional views and perhaps VR experiences will become far more feasible. This gives an effective transition for network operators to not only deploy 4K media but to do so in an integrated ecosystem.

Andrew Uerkwitz from Oppenheimer Co. mentioned in a recent note:

Since we picked up coverage of Apple, we have been arguing that Apple s core capability is human interface. Superior human interface designs are ubiquitous in Apple s hardware and software, allowing the company to deliver unique user experience and command a substantial pricing premium and customer loyalty.

I have to concur with Uerkwitz, and more specifically his comment on human interface is what s propelling my own assumptions as to why Apple has made substantial inroads on TV. Apple has made miles of progress when compared to competing platforms like Xbox and PlayStation, as Sony doesn t emphasize software or ecosystem development and is focused on gaming. Microsoft offers the ability to connect a TV box to Xbox, but it s not software driven or ecosystem friendly.

Matt Burn at Tech Crunch is wrong on his assessment of Apple TV as he states:

 Gaming was key to the original pitch for the latest generation of the Apple TV. But so far the Apple TV has not become a gaming platform even though the 4th generation Apple TV packs enough horsepower to run most mobile games on the biggest screen in the house. 

It s not pertinent as to whether Apple does compete with other game ecosystems because the cost of integrating higher-end hardware from AMD would be cost prohibitive for consumers looking for a seamless TV experience. TV is fractured and technically the older demographics are the ones who still tune into TV. What s the point of emphasizing a feature that doesn t even address the core demographic that Apple is intending to target?

Furthermore, it s really the simplicity of Apple TV that has made it the most viable product for transitioning the older demographic into an internet friendly environment. Basically, gaming is not the core functionality of Apple TV, and while it was emphasized at prior events, it s not intended to be a fill-in for hard core gamers. Apple TV could be an extension to mobile gaming, but to anticipate meaningful adoption from gamers even with the implementation of better hardware and controller functionality defeats the intended purpose of the device. A controller is less user-friendly for those wanting a simple remote that accesses content on demand.

In other words, Apple s sticking to its platform and software specific strengths. I believe it will continue to do so. Disrupting the television ecosystem is more valuable than attacking consoles. So, game consoles and Apple TV can co-exist peacefully.

Final thoughts

It s a huge win for Apple, but an even bigger win for media and cable operators as well. From my understanding Apple already monetizes the subscription revenue at an 85/15 split for TV apps, it s not exactly clear how this will work with the cable operators as opposed to the channel/app providers. I ll have to check in with the media commentary from reputable analysts on that specific front.

However, I will create model assumptions on both hardware and software revenue from Apple TV in a future article. I believe, Apple s presence in TV was the most important takeaway from WWDC 2016. It s the killer app/product that will converge broadcast and online streaming.

I continue to reiterate my $107.72 price target and buy recommendation. 
2016-01-27
Apple isn't really sitting on $216 billion in cash In its earnings report Tuesday, Apple Inc. again detailed a giant cash pile, with Chief Executive Tim Cook crowing of having  the mother of all balance sheets. 

The more than $215 billion Apple has in reserve is a constant fascination of bloggers and market watchers, who imagine the company going on an acquisition spree or buying back (even more) company stock.

So why is Apple AAPL, -0.53% planning to go further into debt, as Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri promised in Apple s conference call Tuesday?

The problem with Apple s  cash pile  is that most of it is not actually  cash  nor  on hand,  and it doesn t take into account Apple s debt. Apple has about $16.7 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet. The majority of the assets included in its reserve is stashed in long-term marketable securities, meaning Apple plans to let those funds   roughly $177.7 billion   accrue interest for more than a year.

More importantly, almost all of Apple s cash and securities are stashed overseas, proceeds from sales outside the United States that Apple will not bring back because it would then have to pay U.S. taxes. Maestri said Tuesday that $200 billion of Apple s reserves   a whopping 93%   are overseas, and Cook has expressly said Apple does not plan to sacrifice roughly 40% of that stash in order to bring the proceeds home to Cupertino, Calif.

While cash and securities pile up overseas, Apple is piling up debt in the United States. The company currently sits on about $53.2 billion in long-term debt obligations as well as $32.2 billion in  non-current liabilities,  after executing a series of bond sales including the largest in history for a nonfinancial U.S. business.

And those debts don t include the cash Apple has promised its shareholders, which are mostly financed by its bond sales. After spending more than $8.8 billion on stock repurchases and dividends in the fourth quarter of 2015, Apple is a little more than three-quarters of the way through a $200 billion capital-return program that it believes will set a corporate record for stock buybacks. There is another $47 billion promised to shareholders.

The promise to investors is why Maestri said more debt is likely.

 We also plan to be very active in the U.S. and international debt markets in 2016 in order to fund our capital return activities,  the financial chief said in Tuesday s conference call.

There is no doubt that Apple is raking in cash with its massive hardware sales, and has plenty of ammunition for potential acquisitions. But when you see blog posts that compare Apple s  cash pile  to the gross domestic products of small nations or detail what other companies Apple could buy with it, remember that Apple is actually borrowing to finance the promises it has already made. Apple Has Serious Problems  Apple's Performance in 2016: Growth to Value Apple Inc. (AAPL) has been delivering for investors for many years, but too many investors have failed to notice that the stock has depreciated 8.89% over the past year. This does not include the 3% decline Apple is seeing pre-market. What's going on? Apple's earnings may finally prove that the company has turned the corner from a growth to a value stock.

Apple s Dilemma

Apple is still an amazing company. It generates massive cash flow, maintains a healthy balance sheet, and consistently drives its top line and bottom line higher on an annual basis. Despite these impressive factors, Apple investors want a growth catalyst. Sadly, there is no growth catalyst.

For many years, Steve Jobs would conjure up new ideas and drive Apple to new heights. Tim Cook is a very competent CEO, but he s not Steve Jobs when it comes to innovation, and innovation is what drives the top line. Cook can manage the company in a way to maintain what Jobs built, but this could be the inflection point where Jobs' innovative products have run their course and stock momentum from those products fades.

Cook's solution to recent headwinds was to raise the price of the iPad. During the first quarter, the iPad had an average selling price of $691. This led to strong margin and earnings performance, but not strong top line performance for the iPhone, which only saw a 1% growth in sales year over year.

The high price tag drove away many potential customers, which means fewer customers in the Apple ecosystem. The bullish argument is that Apple can lower prices for iPhones in order to gain market share. This is true, but that would hit margins and the bottom line. If the higher average selling price has led to a significant slowdown in sales, then Apple lacks pricing power. This isn t Apple s fault; it relates to the current status of the consumer, which isn t confident about the future, is working for less money than in 1999 on average, and is saddled with student debt and elevated healthcare costs. If you re thinking the high-income consumer will save the day, many of them will fall victim to souring investment income over the next year, which relates to global deflation, evidenced by a plunge in commodity prices. Global deflation would be painfully apparent without central bank interventions.

iPhones are too discretionary to see a big rebound in the current economy, which features a cost-conscious consumer and a high-income consumer that could take a big hit over the next year   if invested in stocks, high-yield bonds, and/or real estate. iPads won t save the day as they have seen lower demand and reduced pricing.

In regards to China, sales came in at $18.4 billion versus an expectation of $12.5 billion. This will lead some analysts to think that economic concerns in China were overblown, but that s not the case. Chinese consumers are infatuated with American products, especially the iPhone. For them, owning an iPhone signals that they have arrived. It s a status symbol. iPhones have become a priority for many Chinese consumers, and they will allocate plenty of capital to have one. This is potentially a bullish sign for Apple in China, but the Chinese economy will not be able to avoid a hard landing, which is not going to help.

A Better Option

In a way, Apple is the new Microsoft Corporation (MSFT). This is meant in the sense that Microsoft went from a gargantuan growth company for many years to a mature company. This isn t a bad thing; it s just the natural course of business. Microsoft has still been a big winner because it transitioned well.

The incredibly diversified Microsoft wasn t just mentioned for the above reason. MSFT isn t likely to appreciate in a bear market environment, but it s not as discretionary-dependent as Apple and would likely hold up better. If the market were to crater, AAPL could take a 40% hit or worse. MSFT would also take a hit, but it would be highly unlikely to be of that magnitude.

For example, the past three months hasn t been kind to the S&P 500, but while AAPL has underperformed, MSFT has beaten the market. This is a company that consistently generates significant cash flow and delivers big profits, and it currently yields 2.75%. The stock has also quietly appreciated 21.40% over the past year.

The Bottom Line

Apple is a very well-run company with plenty of long-term potential, but its biggest growth days are over. And for right now, Apple is too reliant on discretionary spending in a weak consumer environment.

If it keeps prices high for its iPhones, it loses market share. If it lowers prices, it leads to contracting margins and weaker earnings. MSFT might not be the most resilient stock in the world, but it s certainly up there in the tech space, and it has proven time and time again that it s more than capable of delivering consistent long-term returns for patient investors. Please do your own research prior to making any investment decisions.

Dan Moskowitz does not have any positions in AAPL or MSFT. Whitney Tilson   Apple Inc. (AAPL) Looks Cheap, But I'm Not Buying Whitney Tilson s thoughts on Apple Inc. (AAPL) s stock price and on Doug Kass. Also he comments on drinking breast milk and is looking for condo space if you have..

Whitney Tilson   Apple Looks Cheap, But I m Not Buying

Apple sure looks cheap, but I m not buying as I think Doug Kass is likely right that the stock should be avoided for the reasons he outlines below.

I remember thinking to myself after reading Steve Jobs (one of the best books I ve ever read; you can order it here),  Other than Berkshire Hathaway, I can t think of any company that s so dependent on its founder. After he s gone, will it ever have magnificent, breakthrough innovations again? 

Thus, I avoided the stock after his death   and felt like an idiot (a very common feeling these days!) as it doubled   but this was almost entirely due to the company FINALLY launching big-screen phones, years behind its competitors. This wasn t innovation   it was lame catching up.

Looking elsewhere at the company, where s the innovation? The iPad   different screen sizes   yawn. Thinner notebooks, better screens   it s all incremental stuff that every competitor has as well. What about the long-rumored AppleTV? The Apple car? Under Jobs, Apple disrupted/revolutionized/created SEVEN industries. I see none of that today.

With the iPhone accounting for two-thirds of Apple s sales, I think the real question isn t,  What s going to drive future growth? , but rather,  What s going to prevent a meaningful decline in revenues and profits over the next year? 

I think my family is pretty typical: my wife and three daughters have all had iPhones for years, which they love   nothing could persuade them to switch off the Apple platform. Like pretty much everyone, they upgraded to the 6 roughly a year ago and were/are very happy with their phones   but they didn t even consider upgrading to the 6s and I think they ll continue to happily use their current phones for a number of years more.

Sure, Apple will collect small revenues from their purchases of apps, music, etc., but that s only a few percent of the ~$600 that Apple collected from each of them when they bought their phones. Yes, maybe one of them will lose or smash their phone and it will need to be replaced; maybe we ll buy an iPad here, a notebook or desktop computer there   it all adds up, but it s nothing compared to the ~$2,400 Apple collected on my family s iPhone 6 upgrade cycle.

Of course there will be lots of new buyers of Apple products all over the world, but at Apple s price points and given what s going on in the economies of many of Apple s biggest growth markets (first and foremost, China), I wouldn t bank on upside surprises here.

In conclusion, I think this is the first of four quarters in which the comps are going to be very tough   and, I suspect, analysts and investors haven t fully come to grips with exactly how tough. These two charts show very clearly the enormous four-quarter surge thanks to the iPhone 6 upgrade cycle   and then what happened last quarter:

Source: http://fortune.com/2016/01/26/apple-charts-q1-2016

Thus, I suspect that Apple likely has three more  miss-and-lower  (guidance) quarters before, a year from now, it might finally  beat-and-raise. 

My experience, especially in the tech sector, is that, no matter how cheap a stock appears, it won t work until it starts to  beat-and-raise. 

(This is why I won t touch WMT, by the way, at anything close to 14x trailing earnings   I think, thanks to Amazon, it may be in a permanent miss-and-lower cycle. Talk to me a 8-10x earnings )

I m chronically guilty of being early (what Bruce Berkowitz wonderfully calls  premature accumulation ), so I m trying to do a better job avoiding this.

There may be a great time to pile into Apple s stock   it s an insanely great company   but I suspect that it will be roughly a year from now, when, after four consecutive  miss-and-lower  quarters, sentiment will likely be horrible. Analysts and the media will be piling on in their hatred, the stock will be even cheaper   yet the year-over-year comps going forward will be easy, making it likely that the company will be able to start reporting  beat-and-raise  quarters once again 

Below are Doug Kass s thoughts on Apple:

I believe it s now foolish to own Apple shares. If I owned the stock, I would sell it   as my analysis continues to suggest that the company s best days are behind it. I think AAPL s future sales-and-profit outlook is worse than consensus expectations, and that the tech giant s valuation faces numerous headwinds.

Is Wall Street Defending the Indefensible?

Despite bullish protestations from the sell side and numerous large Apple stockholders (e.g., Carl Icahn), my negative view has been firm and consistent over the past year. (This chart chronicles AAPL s underperformance since year-end 2014.)

I now expect Apple to produce three consecutive quarterly earnings-per-shares results over the balance of the company s fiscal year that are down on a year-over-year basis.

And I project lower and below-consensus results for the full fiscal year as well, down 7% to 10% to around $8.50 a share vs. $9.20 a year earlier. Furthermore, I don t expect fiscal 2017 EPS (which I estimate at $8.75) to meet FY 2015 s results.

This means that in order for Apple s shares to rise over the next two years, its price-to-earnings ratio must rise even higher   something that I don t expect for many reasons.

         

6) This insightful op-ed in the NYT about a woman s experience on Wall St. was written by a parent at my daughters  school, Maureen Sherry:

I was then 11 years into my career, and seven months pregnant with my second child, and I hoped her journey would be different and better than mine.

Of course she would have to avoid stereotypical female behavior, and so she could never cry. She would work long hours and hide her pregnancies and her preschooler s art. One of my co-workers even hid being married. When confronted, she practically swore never to reproduce, and she never did.

I did not mention my first maternity leave, from which I returned to find a curly-haired stranger sitting at my desk, his feet propped on a cardboard box with my client account list packed inside. I had to re-earn the contents of that box, starting that morning. I also didn t mention the  moo  sounds that traders made when I headed to the nurse s office with a breast pump, or the colleague who on a dare drank a shot of the breast milk I had stored in the office fridge. I thought of the guy known for dropping Band-Aids on women s desks when the trading floor was cold because he didn t  want to be distracted,  and the many times I had heard a women share an idea at a meeting, only to see later that same idea credited to a man.

But I didn t bring Samsung Joins Apple in Warning of Gloomy 2016 for Technology Samsung Electronics Co. warned of slowing demand and economic turbulence after its quarterly earnings missed analysts  estimates, joining Apple Inc. in foretelling a downbeat 2016 for the technology sector.

QuickTake Samsung

The Korean conglomerate, whose quarterly profit fell short of expectations by almost 40 percent, said the deteriorating global economy was eroding demand for computers and smartphones and depressing component prices. Samsung will invest in new screen and semiconductor technologies such as foldable displays to try and boost profit, executives said on a conference call.

Samsung s warning came days after Apple -- its biggest customer according to data compiled by Bloomberg -- predicted its first sales decline in a decade. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said the company was seeing   extreme conditions  unlike anything the world s largest technology company had ever encountered, with economic growth in China at its weakest pace in 25 years.

 All technology companies around the world will face a very tough industry ahead. Until the overall demand picks up, it s a matter of how well they can hold out instead of how well they can battle out,  said Yoo Eui Hyung, an analyst at Dongbu Securities Co.  For 2016, since no demand growth is expected, it largely depends on how well the supply of chips and displays can be managed. 

Shares Decline

Shares of Samsung, the world s biggest maker of phones, displays and memory chips, finished 2.6 percent lower in Seoul. The stock has fallen more than 9 percent this year, compared with a 2.8 percent decline in the benchmark Kospi index.

The cautionary tones adopted by Apple and Samsung sent ripples through an industry whose fortunes are entwined with the market s two leading players. Mobile component suppliers TDK Corp., Murata Manufacturing Co. and LG Display Co. slid on Thursday after Apple shares tumbled 6.6 percent.

Alps Electric Co., which Bloomberg-compiled data shows is most closely co-related with Apple, led losers with a decline of 17.4 percent.

Industry Slowdown

Samsung reported net income excluding minority interests fell 39 percent to 3.24 trillion won ($2.7 billion) in the December quarter, lagging the 5.4 trillion-won average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That result includes a 2.5 trillion won non-operating loss due to impairment charges, the impact of a stronger Korean won and anemic growth in its key smartphone and chip units.

On Thursday, it said will buy back 2.99 trillion won of stock in the second phase of its buyback program.

Global smartphone shipments rose just 6 percent in the final quarter of 2015 -- the slowest pace of growth on record, according to research firm Strategy Analytics.

Samsung said it shipped 97 million handsets -- including low-end feature phones -- and 9 million tablets in the holiday quarter. Strategy Analytics estimates Samsung s smartphone shipments grew a mere 0.8 percent in 2015 due to tougher competition from Apple in the high-end segment and China s Xiaomi Corp. and Huawei Technologies Co. in the budget category.

New Models

 The overall smartphone market will remain difficult throughout this year but we still see growth in the lower-end segment, although competition will be tougher,  Lee Kyeong Tae, vice president of the mobile communications business, said on the call.  We will continue to add more follow-up models of the A and J series this year to strengthen our competitiveness in the lower-end space. 

To fire up consumers, Samsung will introduce two new versions of its top-tier Galaxy S models at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona next month, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The S7 phone will have a 5.1-inch front screen and the S7 Edge will have a 5.5-inch screen stretching down the sides, one of the people said.

Cost Cuts

Cost controls helped enhance margins even as mobile division sales fell. Operating profit at the unit rose 14 percent to 2.23 trillion won from 1.96 trillion won a year earlier.

Operating income at the chip unit rose just 3.7 percent to 2.8 trillion won. Prices for DDR3 4-gigabyte dynamic random access memory chips averaged $1.93 in the quarter, compared with $3.77 a year earlier, according to data from inSpectrum Inc.

Samsung said this month that its foundry business received orders from Qualcomm Inc. to make Snapdragon 820 chips. It s decided to use Qualcomm s chips for about half of its upcoming S7 devices only a year after turning away from the U.S. company, people with direct knowledge of the matter have said.

Operating income from displays fell 36 percent to 300 billion won while profit at the consumer electronics division, which comprises TVs and home appliances, rose more than fourfold to 820 billion won in the quarter, benefiting from falling panel prices and strong U.S. holiday-quarter demand for 4K televisions. Apple Inc.   iPhone Sell-In vs. Sell-Through   1Q15 vs 1Q16 Apple s stock has been battered over the past year due to fears about iPhone unit sales growth. Yesterday s fiscal Q1 2016 results finally give us some data to understand how realistic these fears are. Apple reported iPhone shipments of 74.8 million units in the quarter, growing marginally over fiscal Q1 2015. However, Apple also increased iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million over the quarter compared to a decline of 0.2 million in the same quarter last year. Keeping in mind that Apple reports sell-in (shipments), not sales to end users, this implies that iPhone sell-through actually declined by 4.3% YoY, from 74.7 million to 71.5 million units. This is the first such decline in the history of the product.

iPhone Sell-In vs. Sell-Through

In addition to this sell-through decline, Apple s revenue guidance for the next quarter implies a steeper YoY decline in unit sales. And finally, this was accompanied with a YoY increase in average selling price (ASP) which suggests that the iPhone mix is shifting towards higher end models.

How does this fit with the  Profit Share Trap  hypothesis that I laid out in May 2013? Here s an excerpt from that post:

As smartphones become good enough for both consumers and carriers (there are signs that this may already be happening), purchasing patterns become more dependent on pricing and replacement purchases slow down. As price points drop, emerging market consumers will buy more cheap smartphones, while mature market carriers will attempt to benefit from improved product parity. Some carriers, like T-Mobile, may resist subsidies altogether (the economics in the US smartphone market make this a possibility), while others may attempt to push comparable smartphones with lower subsidy bills. This would benefit smartphone vendors with lower cost structures, i.e. today s low-end/regional vendors (Lenovo, Huawei, etc.). These low-end vendors could accelerate this process through acquisitions. Since Apple s pricing is static, its growth and volumes will begin to slow (this long-term trend may be even sharper in the tablet market as the price-demand relationship is more natural, without carrier-driven distortions).

While many of these predictions have materialized since (rapid low-end disruption of tablets, demise of subsidies, rise of low-end/regional vendors), I was definitely wrong to think that smartphones were  good enough  in 2013. Looking back, Apple s move to larger screen sizes was the single most significant sustaining improvement made to the product. My analysis was certainly mistimed in 2013. But does Apple s current predicament prove this hypothesis?

Not quite. The fact is that the move to larger screens tapped into massive pent-up demand for the iPhone, leading to an upgrade cycle that was very difficult, if not impossible, to replicate. The iPhone s decline this fiscal year simply looks like the result of a tough compare. Of course, until very recently, some analysts assumed that last year s state of affairs was a sustainable trend. The less said about that, the better.

While Apple s results do not validate my hypothesis, they do not invalidate it either. As Clay Christensen is fond of saying,  Disruption is a process, not an event . The mechanics of low-end disruption have been working ever since the first Android smartphone was unveiled in 2008. The key test for the iPhone will be the iPhone 7 cycle, starting in fiscal Q1 2017. In a  redesign year , it will be easier to gauge whether meaningful product improvements can continue to generate increased demand or if today s smartphones have already reached  good enough  territory.

This post first appeared on Tech Thoughts. 
2016-08-09
Apple Inc. gears up to distribute $3.2 billion in dividends to shareholders On August 11, Apple will pay shareholders of record a quarterly dividend of $0.57 per share, but investors must have had settled ownership of the company's stock on Monday August 8 in order to qualify. Apple will pay out $3.2 billion in dividends on its outstanding shares for the quarter.



AAPL Buybacks



Capital Return AAPL Q3 2016

AAPL Buyback History

Apple expects its stock to recover and appreciate to much higher levels



Apple shares outstanding Q2 2016. Source: YCharts.com

Despite massive buybacks, Apple still has a massive pile of cash

Global spending on expansion



WaveRock facilities in Hyderabad, India | Source: Tishman Speyer

Apple has been paying its shareholders a dividend about a month and a half after the end of each fiscal quarter ever since it declared its modern dividend plan in the summer of 2012.The August dividend will be the ninth to occur since the company issued a 7-for-1 stock split . That split also converted the dividend from $3.29 per share to 47 cents per share, which Apple subsequently increased last year to 52 cents.August's dividend will be the second 57 cent dividend Apple has paid since it announced plans to increase its dividend from 52 cents during its Q2 2016 earnings conference call.Over the past four quarters, Apple has paid out around $12 billion in dividends to its shareholders, distributing close to $3 billion every quarter, although that number has decreased slightly in tandem with the company's stock buybacks.Dividends are a minority portion of Apple's shareholder capital return program, the majority of which has been earmarked for buying back outstanding shares.Buybacks increase the scarcity, and therefore value, of Apple's stock by taking shares off the market and retiring them. Removing shares from circulation also enhances the company's closely-watched earnings per share metrics. Over the last four quarters, Apple has repurchased $37 billion worth of its stock off the market or via accelerated repurchase programs, with $10 billion of that spent in the most recent quarter ending in June.In total, Apple has spent $127 billion on stock buybacks since initiating its capital return program, including an opportunistic $14 billion share grab initiated after the stock plunged more than 8 percent in January 2015 following the company's holiday Q1 release which detailed its highest ever quarterly revenues and operating profits--results that the tech media depicted as " disappointing ."This happened again last summer after Apple announced record earnings in June but market players raised the fearsome prospect of weak sales in China. Apple's shares tanked, enabling the company to opportunistically snatch up $14 billion of its own shares at what was then the lowest point in 2015.Apple subsequently announced blockbuster earnings for the holiday Q4, particularly in China where revenue nearly doubled and iPhone sales grew by 87 percent in a market that only grew by 4 percent (meaning that outside of Apple, the market for smartphones had actually contracted). Apple also guided for growth higher than analysts were expecting. That correction in intelligence sent Apple's stock up a relatively meager few percent, followed by a massive collapse resulting from new rumors of supplier cuts that were interpreted as representing a massive decline in iPhone demand.However, those rumors did not materialize in Q1 results. Instead, Apple provided guidance for Q2 to indicate a much smaller decline year over year than the rumors had anticipated. Even so, Apple's shares have continued to fall to levels not seen since the summer of 2014, before iPhone 6--the most popular and massively successful computing device ever sold--appeared.Against earlier predictions, iPhone 6s achieved similar sales in the winter quarter, while Apple's valuation returned to the days of iPhone 5/5s. Over the March quarter, Apple's global sales of iPhones, iPad and Macs were all lower than the year ago quarter, with the company attributed to a difficult economic climate and very unfavorable exchange rates across most of its international regions.Combined with dividend payments and net share settlements, Apple has spent about $177 billion on capital return since mid 2012; it plans to return a total of $250 billion over the next five quarters. That means Apple has nearly $48 billion already allocated to spend on buying back its stock at today's extremely low prices.Prior to its 2014 stock split, Apple spent about $50 billion buying back shares at prices ranging from around $50 to $90. Since the stock split, Apple has repurchased shares at prices from $100 to $130 per share, at times significantly higher than the current stock price hovering around $108--indicating that Apple expects its stock to recover and appreciate to much higher levels.Those post-split buybacks include a surprising $17 billion of its own stock in the September 2014 quarter; $5 billion of stock in open market purchases during its December 2014 quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q1 2015); another $7 billion of stock in open market purchases during its March quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q2 2015); another $4 billion of stock in open market purchases and $6 billion in Accelerated Share Repurchase in the June quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q3 2015); followed by an astounding $14 billion of stock in open market purchases in the September quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q4 2015) and 6.9 billion in the most recent December quarter.The relatively conservative (for Apple) $6.9 billion spent on buybacks in the December quarter and $7 billion spent during the March quarter suggests that the company hesitated to buy up large numbers of shares, and instead reserved its allocated buyback funds to spend in the most recent quarter, in anticipation of much lower stock prices.During Q3, the company spent a combined $10 billion on open market buybacks and its seventh Accelerated Share Repurchase program, right as the company's stock hit the lowest point of 2016 (and the lowest levels since mid 2014).As of July 15, 2016, the company has 5.388 billion shares outstanding Apple is currently using much of its domestic U.S. cash flow to finance stock buybacks and dividend payments, and is also issuing bonds at extremely low interest rates to help pay for its capital return programs.It currently holds $215 billion of its total $232 billion in cash reserves overseas; spending those funds domestically would incur a substantial tax penalty unless the U.S. Congress approves a tax break to enable and incentivize American firms to invest their foreign earnings in America.In October 2013, after four months of investigation of Apple's foreign earnings and taxes, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ended its inquiry without plans to take any further action after finding no evidence of wrongdoing by the company.Investors generally view cash as bad for companies to hoard (due to low returns from conservative investments), but Apple can't currently distribute more cash to shareholders without incurring a substantial U.S. tax penalty.That has made Apple's vast cash holdings a convenient problem to have, because it enables the company to borrow at interest rates very close to zero for domestic investment and capital returns to shareholders while still maintaining vast market power to make long term component deals and strategic investments ranging from acquisitions to expansions of its retail network and its production capabilities.Apple reported that it expects to invest $15 billion in infrastructure, tooling, retail and other capital expenditures in fiscal 2016.In May, Apple announced a $1 billion investment in Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing, a move that resulted in rival Uber ending its efforts to compete in China. The company also continues to expand its retail presence in China, in tandem with plans to expand its research and development center in Shanghai.Apple has also initiated efforts to expand into India, including a technology center in Hyderabad (above) and a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru.The company is also expanding two offices in Israel focused on advanced silicon chip design and memory technology, as well as its corporate office and R&D center in Cambridge, England, focused on Siri voice recognition and natural language parsing intelligence Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) New Patent for iRing is Marvelous 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) New Patent for iRing is Marvelous



Apple Inc. Has Filed a New Patent

2016-08-09

"

a new patent application reveals work on a finger-mounted device stuffed with microphones, motion sensors, a haptic feedback system, biometric sensors, cameras and even a small display. " Source: Apple Insider a new patent application reveals work on a finger-mounted device stuffed with microphones, motion sensors, a haptic feedback system, biometric sensors, cameras and even a small display.

Operating System

Communication Module

Graphics Module

Motion Module

GPS Module

Telephone Module

Module Camera Module

Module Instant Messaging Module

Module Text Input Module

Module Video Conference Module

Module Stocks Widget

"

[T]here is a need for electronic devices with faster, more efficient methods and interfaces for interacting and/or controlling external electronic devices.



Such methods and interfaces optionally complement or replace conventional methods for interaction. Such methods and interfaces reduce the cognitive burden on an user and produce a more efficient human-machine interface. " Source: United States Patent and Trademark Office [T]here is a need for electronic devices with faster, more efficient methods and interfaces for interacting and/or controlling external electronic devices.Such methods and interfaces optionally complement or replace conventional methods for interaction. Such methods and interfaces reduce the cognitive burden on an user and produce a more efficient human-machine interface.

Apple Insider has revealed a new patent filing for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) that surrounds a highly complex iRing.The story goes like this for Apple:We start by looking at the patent filing directly from the USPTO. Here is a rendering that points to a microphone and buttons as well as sensors.In what can only be described as an alarming amount of features, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) includes a description for (emphasis added):And that isn't even a comprehensive list. Then there's a map of functionality.The Apple Inc. patent filingdiscusses smartphones, tablets and the like and draws out their weaknesses, including the light emission. Then the patent filing goes on to read:And Apple Inc. goes further: "Thus, a ring computing device with a display, touch-sensitive surface and/or one or more sensors to detect the intensity of a contact with the touch-sensitive surface are provided with faster, more efficient methods and interfaces for controlling external electronic devices, thereby increasing the effectiveness, efficiency, and user satisfaction with such devices."Now, Apple Inc. files a lot of patents. CML Pro famously broke three of them surrounding a new social network to compete with Facebook, a new Augmented Reality platform for the iPhone and of course, the famed 320 degree casing for the iPhone. This makes number four -- and this one, of them all, sounds very real.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) tends to be secretive about its innovation, butinnovating. Here's a chart of the company's research and development expense over the last sixteen years:The author is long shares of Apple Inc. Once taunted by co-founder Steve Jobs, companies are now big customers for ... SAN FRANCISCO   In the primordial days of computing, IBM machines were so common inside corporations that there was a running joke in the industry: Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM.

These days, the same could be said about Apple. Even IBM is promoting Apple gear.

Apple s iPhones and iPads have become the preferred mobile computing devices for corporations, as industries from insurers to airlines aim to ditch bulky PCs and give their employees the ability to do their jobs from anywhere using smartphones or tablets.

Related

For Apple, which is struggling to reverse declining sales of its iPhones and Macs and has seen overall revenues drop for two quarters in a row, the corporate market is a surprising bright spot. Sales of high-end iPads to business customers in particular have been strong. Nearly half of all iPads are now bought by corporations and governments, according to the research firm Forrester.

 Apple is stronger in the enterprise market with its devices than it is with consumers,  said Frank Gillett, an industry analyst at Forrester.

It is a long way from the days when Steve Jobs, Apple s co-founder and longtime chief executive, derided corporate technology buyers as  orifices  and preferred to focus on building great products that would sell themselves.

Pinpointing exact figures for Apple s corporate sales is difficult. Apple said growth was strong but declined to disclose recent numbers. During its last fiscal year, which ended in September, Apple said it sold US$25 billion in gear and services to companies and other large customers. While that was only about 11 per cent of the company s overall revenue, those business sales were up 40 per cent from the previous year. That s compared with 28 per cent growth for the entire business.

Companies are turning to Apple s products for their tight-knit hardware and software, advanced security features and intuitive interfaces. Aiding Apple s corporate sales has been a concern that phones and tablets running Google s Android software, which are generally cheaper and popular with consumers, have lagged in the security technology and the standardization that companies want.

For British Airways, which has built more than 40 custom iPad apps for its workforce, switching to tablets has eliminated reams of paper used for flight plans, passenger manifests and maintenance records. Another app allows anyone at the airline to grab an iPad and quickly rebook passengers when a flight is canceled or weather wreaks havoc on schedules.

 We can get to customers wherever they are,  said Abigail Comber, who is in charge of the customer experience at the airline.  It s technology that s very intuitive. What the team has managed to do brilliantly is take away everything that happens on the back end.  The carrier has so far deployed its apps across 17,000 iPads, and is looking to digitize even more of its business.

Apple says it is focused on creating great devices   for all customers.  We re dedicated to building products that make people s lives better, often in ways that we couldn t have even imagined, enabling them to do things that they have never done before,  Susan Prescott, vice president of worldwide product marketing, markets and applications, said in a statement.  Our goal with business customers is the same   to enable them to do something great with mobile and truly modernize and transform their business. 

Apple s increased attention to business customers has not come without internal angst.

 Apple totally recognizes that their products are being used in a workplace context and not just at home,  Gillett said.  But they are rabidly focused on making the world better for individual users. They have a strong fear if they begin to think too much about their enterprise customers, they will compromise the consumer experience. 

Apple runs three-day boot camps for companies at its campus in Cupertino, California, to help them rapidly build prototype apps. But it was not an approach that could be scaled up to thousands of corporate customers.

Hence Apple s decision to team up with other companies that specialize in catering to businesses. As Timothy D. Cook, Apple s chief executive, quipped at an industry conference last September:  Life is short. We re going to die soon. And you ve got to have as many friends as you can. 

IBM, Apple s archrival in the early personal computer business, is now one of the company s biggest boosters. Under a two-year-old partnership, IBM, which has transformed itself into a technology services powerhouse, has developed more than 100 business-oriented apps for Apple s iOS operating system that it has sold to over 2,000 enterprises. The effort brought in more than half a billion dollars in revenue to Big Blue last year.

Mahmoud Naghshineh, IBM s general manager for the Apple partnership, says Apple s devices appeal to companies that need to manage complex processes. IBM s strategy is to develop apps for specific industries, then customize them for each customer.

Claims adjusters at Amica Mutual Insurance, for example, recently began using an IBM iPad app to collect information on claims, take photos, record statements and gain access to individual customer files.  The adjuster in the future will be able to complete their entire job on the iPad,  said Adam Kostecki, an Amica manager involved in the project.

Apple has also struck a deal with Cisco Systems, a maker of gear that manages corporate computer networks, to develop software that gives priority to mobile devices or apps. That software is in testing and will be unveiled next month when Apple releases a big upgrade to its mobile operating system.

Three months ago, Apple teamed up with SAP, a big German maker of business software, to make it easier to build apps that connect to the SAP back-end software that many large enterprises use for inventory, sales, human resources and other corporate tasks. SAP is developing some of those apps itself and also writing a set of software tools that will let companies easily write their own mobile apps to retrieve their SAP systems.

Many companies are forging ahead on their own. Lowe s, the home improvement retailer, has built five iPod apps. One allows store employees to pull up reviews with 360-degree views of products, check inventory and guide customers to the exact location of a product within its warehouse-size outlets.

Other apps allow employees to match a carpet pattern and estimate how much a customer would need to cover a given area. Inspired by the iPhone-based checkout system at Apple stores, Lowe s has even written a checkout app that it is testing in its two Manhattan stores.

 If you think about devices that a lot of retailers provide to their associates, they aren t user-friendly. They are sometimes very old technology,  said Eric Hanson, the director of digital experience at Lowe s.  Our associates were deserving of an experience that was the same as we gave to our customers. 

Van Baker, an analyst at the Gartner research firm who studies mobile technology in businesses, said that most companies are just beginning to explore how mobile devices can transform their businesses.  For the vast majority of enterprises, mobile usage extends to email, contacts and calendars,  he said.

That opens up opportunities that Apple is cautiously pursuing.

 Cook has taken a pragmatic approach without changing Apple s culture,  Gillett, the Forrester analyst, said. Apple s philosophy, he said, is,  We want to stick to our knitting, what we re really good at   devices and software experiences for individuals   and work with others to translate Apple s strengths into the workplace. 

The New York Times 
2016-02-10
2 Reasons that the Apple Inc. iPhone 5se Will Use the A9 Chip According to 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming 4-inch smartphone will use the company's latest A9 processor rather than the older generation A8 processor as had been previously speculated. If this is true, then this is certainly good for Apple customers, as the A9 processor is extremely capable and should provide excellent performance for years to come.

However, there may be other reasons that Apple will use this chip rather than the A8/M8 combination.

Reason no. 1: "Hey, Siri" functionality

According to Apple, the integration of the M9 co-processor (essentially a sensor hub) into the same die as the A9 chip allows for the always-on "Hey, Siri" functionality that was introduced with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

Since the iPhone 5se is a "new" iPhone, and since I'm sure Apple wants to give customers every reason (within engineering/cost limits) to upgrade, including the A9 with the integrated M9 co-processor makes a lot of sense.

Reason no. 2: Cost and board space

In previous columns, I have argued that the A8 processor is a bit cheaper for Apple than the A9. For one thing, it's built on a less sophisticated chip manufacturing technology and the chip size is smaller, both things that should drive a cheaper chip.

Additionally, from a broader system bill-of-materials point of view, the A9 requires the use of faster but more expensive LPDDR4 memory.

However, something that I hadn't considered before is that the integration of the M9 co-processor into the A-series chip should actually yield some cost savings. For one thing, Apple previously bought discrete M-series co-processors from NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI).

I don't think this chip was particularly expensive, but note that NXP had to design, build, test, and package a separate chip. On top of that, NXP's margins are generally quite good (high 40% range), so Apple was not only paying for NXP's costs to build the chip, but it was likely paying NXP nice margins on top of that.

By integrating the M-series co-processor onto the same piece of silicon as its A-series processor, Apple doesn't have to worry about paying a third party for a separate chip as well as margins on top of that -- it's now just a small part of its A-series processor.

It's not clear if the cost savings associated with the absorption of the M9 co-processor into the A-series processor offsets the higher costs associated with the more advanced process and larger die size relative to the A8, but it can certainly help soften the blow.

Further, by integrating that functionality into the A-series processor, Apple saves the board space associated with plopping down a separate chip. For a compact phone like the iPhone 5se, board space is at a premium.

The iPhone 5se should be a solid device

Although the iPhone 5se isn't expected to have all of the new goodies found inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, if it comes packed with an A9 chip, it should at least provide best-in-class flagship device performance for a relatively affordable price. This should be especially attractive to customers in emerging markets, who should be able to get iPhone 6s/6s Plus class performance for much cheaper than those larger phones.

I look forward to seeing exactly what Apple does with the iPhone 5se. 1 More Reason Apple Inc. Shouldn't Raise Its Dividend Significantly Bill Maurer, writing for Seeking Alpha, argues that it would be better for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to focus on significant share repurchases than on instituting a large increase in the dividend. His logic is sound, saying that -- since much of Apple's cash is held overseas -- it makes more sense to borrow money to buy back stock (which improves earnings per share) rather than to simply distribute it to shareholders.

I'd like to offer up another, perhaps less conventional reason why Apple should focus the bulk of its capital return program on share repurchases rather than a large step up in the dividend.

Apple needs to leave a runway for future increases

Right now, it's not at all clear if Apple will be able to return to net income/free cash flow growth in the near future. However, at the current dividend level of $11.52 billion per year, it can afford to pay this out even if business slows considerably from here. Indeed, it could even raise the dividend for quite a while even if the company faces a couple of years of net income declines.

However, if Apple raised the dividend substantially, perhaps to $4 per share as some have suggested, then it would be on the hook for more than $22 billion per year.

Now, it could afford to pay this for quite a while (although it would probably need to borrow to do so given how much of its cash is held/generated overseas), but it would be pretty tough for the company to be able to commit to annual dividend increases at that point for as long as the business is in no-growth/contraction mode.

Dividends don't create lasting long-term value

Dividends are great for income investors, and I'm sure Apple wants to attract the typical dividend growth crowd to its stock, hence the dividend and the commitment to increase it on an annual basis.

However, while dividends line the pockets of today's shareholders, they really do very little for the company's stock over the long term. Share repurchases reduce the company's share count, which for a given level of net income, leads to improved earnings per share.

Consistent, large share repurchase activity can create lasting value in ways that large dividends simply cannot.

Buybacks can be pared back, but dividends are much harder to

This isn't to suggest that Apple is at much risk of having to cut its dividend anytime soon, but let's suppose that Apple, for whatever reason, simply needs to scale back its capital return activity. Paring back, or even suspending, a share repurchase program isn't the sort of thing that sends (most) investors immediately running for the hills.

However, when a significant portion of the shareholder base owns the stock with expectations of consistent quarterly dividend checks and those checks suddenly get a lot smaller or even disappear, many of those shareholders simply throw in the towel. That often means a substantial decline in the share price.

What to expect in April

Apple generally updates its capital return program in April and is expected to do so then this year. According to CFO Luca Maestri on the most recent earnings call, the company has completed over $153 billion of the current $200 billion capital return program that's currently in place.

I'm not expecting a significant increase in this authorization in April, but a bump of about $30 to $50 billion to the existing program should do the trick. Expect this in the form of an increased dividend (but not hugely so) and, of course, share repurchases. 
2016-03-05
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Crushes the Apple Inc. iPhone 6s in This Key Area Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had long been known for offering the best camera experience in the smartphone industry. However, over the last product generation or so, a number of Android-powered flagship phones began to one-up the iDevice maker. For example, in popular camera performance test DXOMark, the iPhone 6s/6s Plus cameras perform well, but lose out to phones such as the LG G4, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S6/Note 4/Note 5, and the Sony Xperia Z5.

To make matters worse for Apple, though, the iPhone 6s/6s Plus will now have to contend with a new wave of Android flagships, which are sure to push even further ahead of the iDevice maker's flagships. I believe that when DXOMark scores for the latest Samsung Galaxy S7 phones arrive, they'll run away from iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

The S7 gets larger pixels

Both the iPhone 6s and the Galaxy S7 have 12 megapixel sensors, but that's where the similarities end. Apple often talked about the importance of pixel size; the larger the pixels, generally speaking, the better the image quality. This is why Apple was able to ship competitive cameras with just eight megapixel sensors, while the competition was busy chasing megapixel size -- the competition traded quality for quantity.

Interestingly, with the Galaxy S7, Samsung went from a 16 megapixel sensor to just a 12 megapixel sensor. In doing so, however, the company moved to much larger 1.4 micron pixels. In contrast, with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple moved from an eight megapixel sensor with 1.5 micron pixels to a 12 megapixel sensor with 1.22 micron pixels.

Samsung blows Apple away when it comes to "focus pixels"

With the launch of the iPhone 6, Apple talked up a technology known as phase-detection autofocus, or PDAF. According to GSMArena, this is done by placing a number of special photodiodes in the camera sensor -- typically 5%-10% of the sensor's pixels have such photodiodes, per a Samsung slide.

However, what Samsung (well, Samsung's sensor supplier Sony (NYSE:SNE)) has apparently done is embedded such photodiodes in each of the pixels. The S7 should have the iPhone 6s/6s Plus soundly beat in terms of autofocus.

The S7 has a wider aperture

The Galaxy S7 has a greater maximum aperture than the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. Indeed, the latter has an f/1.7 maximum aperture, while the iPhone 6s/6s Plus stick with the f/2.2 aperture that the prior few generations of iPhone had.

In a nutshell, a greater maximum aperture typically means that the lens can let in more light. This is particularly useful for low-light photos.

The Galaxy S7 has Apple beaten pretty badly

In a product following the runaway success that was the iPhone 6/6 Plus, Apple decided to include a fairly lazy and uninspired camera upgrade -- effectively, a megapixel bump -- with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. In contrast, arch-rival Samsung, which already had some of the best cameras around (per DXOMark), chose to make another major improvement to its camera subsystems with the Galaxy S7. There's little doubt in my mind that when the DXOMark results come in, the S7 will shame the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

I'm sure that there's some truth to Apple CEO Tim Cook's comments about a tough macroeconomic environment driving the weakness in iPhone 6s/6s Plus sales. However, I can't help but wonder if this lazy and uninspired camera improvement -- relative to what the competition seems to be bringing -- coupled with the recycling of the same dated display panels, doomed this pair of phones from the start.

Here's hoping that Apple delivers something genuinely groundbreaking along a number of vectors with the iPhone 7/7 Plus -- and with every future iPhone following them. Today's Apple Products Are Absurd  
2016-02-16
Moody's assigns Aa1 rating to Apple Inc. senior unsecured note issuance ... Email Research Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed. Recipient's

Email

Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses. Enter the

characters you see Can't read?

Try a new set Send Cancel Email Research Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of Research email sharings. OK Thank you! You have successfully sent the research.

Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access. OK Related Issuers Apple Inc. Related Research Credit Opinion: Apple Inc.: Update to Discussion of Key Credit Factors Company Profile: Apple Inc.: Key Facts and Statistics - Q1 December 2016 Peer Snapshot: Apple Inc. - December 2016 (LTM): Peer Snapshot Rating Action: Moody's assigns Aa1 rating to Apple Inc. senior unsecured note issuance; outlook stable Issuer Comment: Apple Inc.: Retailers Reports Bode Well for an Uptick in Apple s Sales Rating Action: Moody's assigns Aa1 rating to Apple Inc. senior unsecured note issuance; outlook stable Global Credit Research - 16 Feb 2016 New York, February 16, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's") assigned a rating of Aa1 to Apple Inc.'s senior unsecured notes issuance. Proceeds from the announced issuance will be used to bolster the company's U.S. cash balances and aid in company's announced and future shareholder return programs. The current $200 billion shareholder return program expires in March 2017, and the company has returned over $150 billion through the end of its fiscal first quarter 2016, ended December 26, 2015. The rating outlook is stable. RATINGS RATIONALE The Aa1 rating reflects Apple's position as one the world's leading providers of mobile communications devices, tablets, personal computers, portable media players and digital content. Apple has a very robust financial profile with operating margins, coverage, and cash flow metrics that compare favorably with companies that also have very high debt ratings. On the other hand, Moody's recognizes that proforma for the announced debt offering, the company's adjusted long term debt balance would increase to about $73 billion, in addition to about $5 billion to $10 billion of commercial paper issuances that the company will likely use to manage its liquidity. This level of funded debt can be accommodated within the expectations of the Aa1 long term rating, and should be sufficient to carry out the currently approved shareholder return program. Apple is set to update its shareholder return program in April, 2016. In its earnings call, Apple acknowledged that the weak global economic environment will pressure its sales performance in fiscal 2016. Moody's also believes that the company will be challenged to maintain its historic sales growth momentum, as iPhone sales cycles elongate and iPad tablet units fall. Without a new blockbuster product in the near-term pipeline, Moody's estimates that the company's sales will likely be flat compared to the 2015 results, even as cash generation remains robust. Moody's analyst, Gerald Granovsky said, "Apple's slower sales growth yet healthy cash holdings will likely prompt the equity holders to demand a greater return of capital." So far, the funding for the shareholder payouts programs over and above domestic cash flow has been through additional debt, and Granovsky added, "Moody's expects the foreign cash balances to grow given the increasing proportion of revenues generated overseas." Under the cadence established by the company's capital return program Moody's calculations show an annual need of $15 billion to $20 billion in external funding or foreign cash repatriation to meet domestic cash needs, which include shareholder payouts and acquisitions. Absent Apple repatriating its foreign-held cash, either due to tax reform or otherwise, the company's adjusted gross debt balance could exceed $100 billion by the end of 2017. Although the company's financial metrics will likely still be very strong, Moody's believes that this level of debt and resulting leverage would pressure the Aa1 long term rating and/or the outlook given that Apple operates in a rapidly transforming technology sector. Moody's recognizes the company's extremely strong liquidity, underpinned by nearly $216 billion of cash and equivalents at December 26, 2015 (with over $16 billion within the U.S.). Outlook The stable outlook reflects Moody's expectations that Apple will continue to maintain and defend its very strong market position in mobile devices and tablets as well as expand its addressable market to new regions and carriers. The stable outlook also incorporates the expectation that Apple will continue to maintain a very high net cash balance of at least $100 billion and a lowly levered balance sheet. What can move the rating up Given the industry risks inherent in the rapidly evolving technology and wireless communications sectors, Moody's does not expect upwards rating movement over the intermediate term. Over the longer term, the rating could be upgraded if Apple sustains its strong business execution and cash generation, and there is tangible evidence that the company's ecosystem cements users to its products upon subsequent updates and new product introductions ensuring sustainability of profits and cash flow. Ratings could also be upgraded if changes in US corporate tax laws or other mechanisms would allow the company to repatriate cash on a more tax efficient basis and this leads to the company sustaining low debt levels rather than using debt to fund cash returns to shareholders. What can move the rating down The long term rating could be downgraded if there is evidence of weakening in Apple' core business model or we expect sustained erosion in its very strong market positions, and if profitability or cash flow generation does not continue to grow at least in line with market expansion. If management adopts more aggressive financial policies meaningfully beyond the program now in place, such that adjusted Debt/EBITDA leverage is not comfortably maintained below 1.0 times, or cash in excess of debt declines to less than $100 billion, the ratings could also be downgraded. The following ratings were assigned: Senior Unsecured Notes -- Aa1 Based in Cupertino, CA, Apple Inc. is a leading global designer, manufacturer and seller of premium mobile devices, tablets, personal computers, digital media players, and through its fully integrated operating system, delivers mobile, digital and cloud applications and services. The principal methodology used in these ratings was Diversified Technology Rating Methodology published in December 2015. Please see the Ratings Methodologies page on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology. REGULATORY DISCLOSURES For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the rating action on the support provider and in relation to each particular rating action for securities that derive their credit ratings from the support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the respective issuer on www.moodys.com. For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit support from the primary entity(ies) of this rating action, and whose ratings may change as a result of this rating action, the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity. Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review. Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating. Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating. Gerald Granovsky

Senior Vice President

Corporate Finance Group

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Lenny J. Ajzenman

Associate Managing Director

Corporate Finance Group

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Releasing Office:

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Moody's assigns Aa1 rating to Apple Inc. senior unsecured note issuance; outlook stable No Related Data.



CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES ( MIS ) ARE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE.



MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.



ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.



All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.



NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.



Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at



Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.



Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.



MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.



MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.

  2017 Moody s Corporation, Moody s Investors Service, Inc., Moody s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively,  MOODY S ). All rights reserved.MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading  Investor Relations   Corporate Governance   Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy. Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements. 
2016-11-18
Another Way Apple, Inc. Is Pursuing Augmented Reality Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is quite interested in augmented reality (AR). This we know.

Furthermore, CEO Tim Cook has made it abundantly clear that the company is far more interested in AR than virtual reality (VR). In Cook's opinion, AR has much broader potential that can affect mainstream consumers, while VR looks like it could remain a niche for the foreseeable future. The Mac maker is also reportedly toying around with the idea of smart glasses as a way to deliver an AR experience while further expanding into the nascent wearables category. Well, Apple may have another idea up its sleeve.

There's an app for that

Earlier this week, Business Insider reported that Apple is looking to integrate AR technology directly into the iPhone's camera app, according to an anonymous source. Apple has acqui-hired a good amount of AR talent recently, and these engineers are leading the initiative. Apple wants iPhones to be able to recognize objects in real time, which means that Apple would have to either build or license a database of 3D objects, according to the report. Facial recognition would also be an important function, which would have obvious use cases like recognizing the user for greater personalization or enabling social experiences.

BI's source says that once refined, Apple may look to release the underlying technologies as software development kits (SDKs) for developers to utilize, providing a foundation for further third-party innovation.

Two go-to-market strategies are better than one

Integrating AR into the iPhone would potentially be a stepping stone as Apple continues evaluating the prospect of smart glasses. Naturally, there would be a lot of overlap in the underlying technology. If Apple develops some useful AR tech for the iPhone, it would presumably be easy to repurpose and repackage that tech into smart glasses with minimal effort. By potentially adopting two different go-to-market strategies, Apple is also hedging its bets and reducing the likelihood of failure and wasted research and development investments.

It's conceivable that there will be room for both -- a market for AR-powered smart glasses as well as a market for AR-powered smartphones. Not everyone will want smart glasses, and being able to deliver AR via a smartphone still allows the technology to scale.

It's been done

The thing about AR on a smartphone is that it's been done before. One of the earliest AR apps was released way back in 2009. It was a public transit app that allowed users to lift up their phones and see transit routes and find bus or train stations. Around this same time, Yelp even added an AR feature called Monocle to its app, allowing users to find local businesses through an AR interface. Since then, interest in AR waned as the uses were fairly limited and the novelty wore off.

But then Pokemon Go happened, and reinvigorated interest in AR. For instance, Cook and Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster had this exchange on the July earnings call:

Tim Cook: In terms of AR and the Pokemon phenomenon, it's incredible what has happened there. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of the pressure on their servers, et cetera, because of the demand. But I'm sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we're investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers' products like Pokemon. And so that's the reason why you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokemons. Gene Munster: Would you say there's going to be a computing shift to AR longer term? Cook: I notice there are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think there's a tendency in this industry to call everything new the next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we'll see whether it's the next platform. But regardless, it will be huge.

It's likely that the early wave of AR apps was premature, both in terms of technological capability and interest. Now that AR and VR and starting to gain some traction, Apple is placing its bets accordingly. 1 Apple Inc. MacBook Pro Complaint That Makes No Sense Developer Alexey Semeney recently wrote a blog entry titled "New MacBook Pro is not a Laptop for Developers Anymore." In the article, Semeney lists several reasons why Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new MacBook Pro computers aren't compelling to the development community (i.e., programmers).

Of the complaints, one stood out, as it made absolutely no sense. Let's take a closer look.

Have processors not gotten any faster?

Here's Semeney (ellipses are in original):

The MacBook Pro had options with 2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors back in 2010. Anything new in 2016? Not really, well... nope.

The implication here is that the processors inside of Apple's latest MacBook Pro haven't improved much from the ones inside of the MacBook Pro machines being sold in 2010.

That couldn't be further from the truth.

The MacBook Pro has gotten much better

The early 2010 13-inch MacBook Pro included a 2.4GHz dual-core Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Core 2 Duo P8600 processor. This chip was rated at a thermal design power of 25 watts, didn't include an integrated graphics processor, and required several support chipsets just to function properly.

Compare that to the Core i5-6267U processor found in the base configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar.

The CPU, which is a dual-core chip with hyperthreading (meaning four virtual cores total), runs at 2.9GHz base and a maximum turbo speed of 3.3GHz. The chip includes a powerful integrated graphics processor (Intel Iris graphics), and requires only one support chipset to function (and that chipset is integrated onto the same package as the main processor).

Further, the frequency measurement alone doesn't say much about the underlying performance of the system. Over the last several years, Intel has made substantial enhancements to its processor cores so that they can perform more work per given clock cycle, or per GHz.

This means that even if Apple were to use modern (in the blogger's words) "2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors," they would be a lot faster than the processor that Apple used in its 2010 MacBook Pro computers. The combination of higher frequency and much improved performance-per-clock means that today's MacBook Pro systems are way faster than those from 2010.

Indeed, per the popular Geekbench 4 CPU performance test, the baseline 13-inch MacBook Pro is more than twice as fast as the 2010 MacBook Pro in single-threaded CPU tasks, and nearly three times as fast in dual-core performance.

The MacBook Pro has gotten better and faster

Typical personal-computer replacement cycles are quite long, often about five to six years, according to Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. This suggests that the target audience for Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro computers is owners of personal computers (both Windows and Mac) purchased back in the 2010-2011 time frame.

The improvements that Apple has brought to the table with its new systems, including processor performance, look as though they would be compelling to users of computers purchased five to six years ago.

There may be legitimate criticisms of Apple's new MacBook Pro systems, particularly as they relate to software developers. However, I don't think the lack of a performance increase is something to knock Apple on, since both performance and power efficiency have gotten significantly better.

At any rate, I remain optimistic that Apple's new MacBook Pro systems will do well in the marketplace, despite the complaints. Investors will be able to get a better handle on how these systems have been received by customers as Apple reports its Mac shipment and revenue figures over the next several quarters. Will Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhones Be Made in the USA? Pressure is beginning to mount for U.S. companies to manufacture their products here, instead of farming the factory jobs out to China. And that pressure has even reached Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ).

Source: Carved.com

A report in Nikkei Asian Review claims Apple began actively exploring the possibility in June, talking with its manufacturing partners about the possibility of an American-made iPhone.

But how realistic is it?

Apple Has Asked Partners to Put Together a  Made in the USA  Plan

Nikkei Asian Review says Apple approached the two Chinese companies that share the role of assembling its iPhones to investigate the possibility of making iPhones in U.S. factories.

According to the report, Pegatron (OTCMKTS: PGTRF ) declined to follow through with the exercise. Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd (OTCMKTS: HNHPF )   better known as Foxconn   complied but was said to be less than enthusiastic over the idea. Apple represents over half of Foxconn s sales and the prospect of its customer moving production from China to American factories is a wrinkle it wouldn t have been planning for.

Whether losing the assembly contract altogether to U.S. competitors or being forced to invest in manufacturing plants in the U.S. to keep Apple s business, an American-made iPhone would not be good news for Foxconn.

Some Apple Products Are Already Made in the USA

With all the conjecture about the possibility of an an American-made iPhone   not to mention the rhetoric from President Elect Donald Trump about repatriating manufacturing jobs and putting tariffs on Chinese goods   it s easy to overlook that fact that AAPL already does manufacture one of its products here.

The Mac Pro is Apple s professional level desktop workstation, and the most expensive Mac it offers. Since 2013, the Mac Pro has been built in Austin, Texas.

And as Apple CEO Tim Cook has been quick to point out, the computer isn t merely assembled in the U.S., it s manufactured. Components like the anodized aluminum shell are being created from the raw material stage.

So there is a precedent.

Does That Mean AAPL Could Swing an American-Made iPhone?

While building the Mac Pro in the U.S. was a positive step for Apple and showed a commitment toward U.S. manufacturing, an American-made iPhone would be a more challenging proposition.

Next Page 
2016-03-23
Is Apple Inc. Completely Neglecting the MacBook? Late last year, PC processor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) announced a new family of microprocessors based on a new architecture that it calls Skylake. The chips based on this architecture offer some pretty nice and noticeable improvements over the prior generation product family based on the company's Broadwell architecture.

In March 2015, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) updated its MacBook Air as well as its 13-inch MacBook Pro computers to include Intel's then-new Broadwell processor family. Apple even introduced an all-new 12-inch thin-and-light MacBook based on Intel's Broadwell-based Core m family of processors.

Although Apple has historically taken a leadership position in adopting Intel's latest chips to do really cutting-edge new MacBooks, it would seem that the iDevice maker is dragging its feet some when it comes to adoption of the chip giant's latest Skylake chips.

Is this a simple case of neglect on Apple's part? Or is there method to this madness?

Understanding the Skylake situation

Apple's MacBook Air/Pro systems generally use the best chips that Intel can produce for a given power envelope. The MacBook Air machines that are currently being sold use chips with the company's best HD6000 graphics, which stands in contrast to the many Intel-powered Windows PCs during the Broadwell life-cycle which used chips with less sophisticated graphics.

The chips that would have been appropriate for a 12-inch MacBook refresh were announced in the third quarter of 2015 and started showing up not too long afterward. Even the higher-performance Core i-series chips with Iris graphics began shipping in premium variants of the Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface Pro 4 in late 2015.

Apple almost could have refreshed both the 12-inch MacBook and the 13-inch class MacBook Air already, if it wanted to.

The systems that Apple wouldn't have been able to refresh yet, though, would be the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros. The high-performance quad-core Skylake chip with Iris Pro graphics -- which would presumably be used in a 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro -- won't even be available in Intel's own NUC systems until May, suggesting that they wouldn't be ready for Apple until at least that time.

Similarly, the high-wattage variants of the chips that would go into the MacBook Air (i.e. 28-watt versus 15-watt thermal design power rating) don't appear to be in the marketplace currently.

A potential explanation for what's going on

I have a reasonable hypothesis for what's going on. I think that the MacBook Air branding is likely to just go away altogether. In the place of the MacBook Air could be a refreshed 12-inch MacBook with a low-power Core m processor and a 13.3-inch model with a higher performance 15-watt Core i5/i7 processors.

Then, at the top of the product stack, would be the 13.3-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro systems, with 28-watt and 45-watt Skylake processors with Iris and Iris Pro graphics, respectively.

Apple may want to wait until all of the chips from Intel are available to refresh its product line rather than stagger it over a period of several quarters.

Indeed, this is a strategy that probably works well for Apple given that even with processors and other components that are "inferior" to what the competition is bringing, the company is still managing to gain share in the personal computer market.

Why rush it? With Apple, Inc. Promoting DJI, GoPro Faces an Uphill Drone Battle Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently unveiled prominent new retail displays for DJI's Phantom 4 drone at over 400 of its brick-and-mortar stores. The large "feature bay" displays include big signs, hands-on demo models, and lots of shelf space for DJI's drones and accessories. DJI employees are also visiting select Apple stores to provide customers with hands-on drone training sessions.

Through the use of new cameras and sensors, the $1,400 Phantom 4 features advanced autopilot, auto-follow, and object avoidance capabilities. Unlike older Phantoms, which were compatible with GoPro's (NASDAQ:GPRO) cameras, the Phantom 4 uses DJI's own wide-angle 4K camera. Apple will be the exclusive third-party retailer of the Phantom 4 during its launch, but DJI will expand its availability to other retailers over the next few weeks.

The DJI displays represent Apple's biggest promotion of third-party products ever, and highlights the growing popularity of DJI's flagship drones. It also spells big trouble for GoPro, which desperately needs its upcoming Karma drone to effectively compete against DJI's market-leading drones.

What does DJI's Apple deal mean for GoPro?

DJI launched its first Phantom drone in 2013, and recently opened its first brick-and-mortar flagship store in Shenzhen, China. The company hasn't disclosed how much revenue it generated last year, but it previously expected its 2015 sales to double to $1 billion.

GoPro, which has been struggling with sluggish demand for action cameras, declared that it would enter the drone market last year. The company promises to launch its Karma drone during the "first half" of 2016, but it has since only released two teaser videos with no technical details. If the Karma fails to impress drone users, GoPro's sales could drop a lot more than the 15% decline analysts expect for 2016.

U.S. officials estimate that around one million consumer drones were sold across the country during last year's holiday season. That figure likely includes lots of drones from market leaders DJI, 3D Robotics, Parrot, and PrecisionHawk. Therefore, entering the market after last year's holiday season and the Phantom 4's launch could be a poorly timed move for GoPro, since many potential customers probably bought one of those other drones instead.

Why DJI and Apple are naturally compatible

During a presentation in early March, DJI director of strategic partnerships Michael Perry declared that most of his company's customers already use Apple devices to control, shoot, and edit drone footage.

With the Phantom 4, iOS users can select an on-screen object they want to "follow", and the drone will automatically follow it while avoiding obstacles. Moreover, DJI and Apple respectively sell "premium" drones and mobile devices, so the average DJI drone buyer is likely willing to buy the latest iPhone, and vice versa.

That's not to say that GoPro lacks comparable advantages. Apple also sells GoPro cameras at its brick-and-mortar and online stores, albeit with less prominent displays. The same customers who buy pricey iPhones or DJI drones might also be willing to spend up to $500 on an action camera. But unless the Karma is a truly innovative device, I doubt that Apple will give it as much floor space as DJI's Phantom 4.

Waiting and speculating

For now, all GoPro investors can do is speculate about what the Karma will actually offer. During CES 2016, GoPro CEO Nick Woodman declared that the drone will be "backwards compatible" with older GoPro devices. That statement indicates that it will likely be sold as an accessory to boost Hero sales.

The second Karma video (seen below), which the company uploaded in early February, seemingly indicates that the drone can be "thrown" into the air to track the user. If that's true, the device might be more compact than DJI's drones with similar following capabilities. However, none of that can be confirmed until GoPro actually demonstrates a working model.

Time is running out

GoPro conquered the action camera market with a first mover's advantage. By the time other camera companies launched competing devices, the word "GoPro" had become synonymous with action cameras. DJI accomplished the same thing with drones. Now that Apple is bolstering DJI's reputation with big store promotions, GoPro could be missing its chance to grab a meaningful share of the drone market. Better Buy: Apple Inc. vs. Alphabet Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is not only the world's largest company by market cap, but also a very popular holding for individual investors. Nearly 40% of Apple's shares are neither owned by insiders nor by financial institutions. Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is only slightly smaller, with a respectable 21% of the stock held in retirement accounts and other non-institutional portfolios.

These are some of the most popular investments on today's stock market. But which one is a better fit for your portfolio?

Let's find out.

Not business as usual

Normally, I would start speaking in maths at this point. Compare and contrast growth rates, incoming cash flows, financial stability, all the good stuff that makes up a quality business worth investing in.

But that's kind of a moot point in this particular case. Both Apple and Alphabet can boast revenues and cash flows that would look appropriate for a mid-sized European country. If and when their business luck runs out, Alphabet and Apple will fall back on cash reserves of $73 billion and $216 billion, respectively. If you still insist on playing the numbers, a picture still says a thousand words:

In short, both of these companies operate from fundamentally fantastic financial platforms. There are no deal-breakers here. In order to really separate Apple from Alphabet, we'll have to look at what makes these figures tick.

The numbers never tell the whole story

On the surface, we're still looking at two extremely similar companies. Alphabet is best known for its Google-branded online search and advertising services, with a sprinkling of loosely related side projects. Apple lives and dies by the iPhone and iPad product lines, with some help from Mac computers and iTunes services sprinkled in. A pair of one-trick ponies, though these simple tricks are mind-blowingly profitable.

But once you scratch below that surface, the differences start to emerge.

Google rebranded itself as Alphabet in order to explore new markets without spooking investors. Google clearly has no business looking into self-driving cars or advanced medical research, because these projects are miles away from the online core businesses. But these ideas can thrive under the Alphabet umbrella, while Google itself stays laser-focused on Internet services as just another piece of a larger puzzle. Think of Google as the insurance-focused core of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B). Nobody complains that Dairy Queen, Norfolk Southern, and Fruit of the Loom are too different from Berkshire's insurance businesses, but the conglomerate would stop making sense if the fast food and underwear were sold under the GEICO banner.

Apple, on the other hand, really does focus as tightly as possible on what the company does best. From iPads to the Apple Watch and those increasingly old-school iPods, the company has built its fortunes on a single hardware/software platform. Take away the iOS collection, and Cupertino would be stuck promoting a Mac business that only accounts for 9% of total sales.

Apple did this to old-line Walkman players and then to simple feature phones; Google also joined the smartphone revolution after having forced nearly every rival search engine out of business. Meanwhile, Blackberry (NASDAQ:BBRY) was once synonymous with smartphone until iPhone and Android came along. Now, former Crackberry addicts have moved on to stronger mobile platforms. Blackberry shares have fallen more than 95% from their 2007 highs, and 87% in the last 5 years alone.Yes, I understand that running a diverse business comes with its own risks -- "diworsification" is more than just an empty insult. But it's also true that high-tech empires don't last forever. The next next big thing is always lurking just around the corner, threatening to turn all of our favorite markets upside down.

This could happen to Apple, too. The harder CEO Tim Cook doubles down on the only viable product platform at his disposal, the harder Apple will fall when the next mobile revolution starts. Don't think it won't.

And that's why Google was smart to take on the Alphabet moniker and go looking for new markets. This company is investing to get ready for the fall of Google. It's long-term planning of the extreme variety. It's the right way to plan for The Innovator's Dilemma. And I don't see Apple doing anything of that sort.

Final Foolish verdict

Alphabet is planning for the very long game while Apple is milking a relatively short-term win for all it's worth. Apple may be the bigger winner over the next couple of years, but Alphabet is the stock you can sew up in an old mattress and leave alone for decades to come.

Come back in 20 years and I'm sure that Alphabet will have become a very different but equally vibrant business.

I just can't say the same about Apple. Apple Inc. Takes a Bold Risk With iPhone SE Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) finally went ahead and launched its widely anticipated 4-inch iPhone refresh dubbed the iPhone SE. The device is pretty much what everyone expected it to be; it combines the processing power, memory, and iSight cameras from the iPhone 6s, the wireless subsystem of the iPhone 6, and the external casing and display lifted from venerable iPhone 5s.

The "bold" and "risky" part of all of this is that Apple is offering the variant with 16 gigabytes of storage for just $399 and will sell customers one with a full 64 gigabytes of storage for $499. This has a very interesting implication.

Apple is basically selling a better phone than the iPhone 6/6 Plus for less

On the inside, arguably where it counts, the iPhone SE is a substantially better smartphone than either the iPhone 6 or the 6 Plus. It has significantly more processing power, packs in more memory, and contains a higher-resolution rear-facing camera.

Where the iPhone 6/6 Plus excel over the iPhone SE are the following:

Display quality: The iPhone 6/6 Plus use higher resolution displays with superior viewing angles and contrast ratio.

Display size: The iPhone 6/6 Plus offer significantly more screen real estate than does the iPhone SE.

Industrial design: The iPhone 6/6 Plus are thinner and arguably more "modern" looking designs.

Although many potential customers probably pay more attention to the above external/cosmetic features rather than on the processing power and features on the inside, a non-trivial portion of the iPhone-buying population will appreciate the relative value that the iPhone SE brings to the table specification-wise.

Apple may cannibalize, perhaps to a material degree, its older generation iPhone 6/6 Plus phones in the six month period or so that they occupy Apple's "mid-tier."

An attempt to try to juice iPhone sales with a "value" product

The last time that Apple tried to launch a "value" product -- the iPhone 5c -- the device reportedly didn't do as well as the company had expected. Conversely, sales of the premium iPhone 5s performed better than expected, leading supply constraints in the company's first quarter of fiscal 2014 .

However, it's worth noting a couple of pretty significant differences between the iPhone 5c in late 2013 and the iPhone SE in early 2016.

First of all, the iPhone 5c packaged up the prior generation's internal components and camera subsystems in a less-premium plastic shell. Remember back then one of the key selling points of Apple's phones is that they were made out of aluminum and had a premium look and feel as a result.

The iPhone SE stands in stark contrast to the iPhone 5c. It comes in a nice metal casing, features top-of-the-line internal components, implements the same camera that the flagship iPhone 6s has, and comes with support for Apple Pay.

The iPhone SE also starts at $399 for the 16 gigabyte model and goes to $499 for the decked-out 64 gigabyte model. The iPhone 5c started life at $549 for the 16 gigabyte variant and went to $649 for the 32 gigabyte version.

The iPhone SE clearly provides a much better relative value to both Apple's own flagship products than the 5c did (some would, perhaps, argue that it's too close) and to the competition. Even with a small, fairly old display, the Apple A9 is arguably the most powerful mobile system-on-chip in the market today.

Apple has a good product here

I believe that the iPhone SE looks like a solid product that offers a tremendous amount of value for the money, especially relative to other members of the iPhone lineup. This looks like a great product with which to lure out folks in mature markets that simply don't want a larger iPhone as well as a solid tool with which to try to gain share in potentially more price-sensitive emerging markets.

The main risk that I see here is that Apple could very well see a substitution of sales of higher priced/higher margin iPhone 6/6 Plus phones in favor of the iPhone SE.

I plan to place an order for one as soon as it becomes available and hope to have a full review of the device published in early April. Stay tuned! Apple's Newest and Most Innovative Gadget That's Not for Sale One of Apple's most innovative and recently revealed devices is not for sale--and that's kind of the point.

Apple's recycling robot "Liam"--the machine that disassembles used iPhones to salvage parts and materials like copper and platinum--could signal a potential transition for the company to completely automate the production process for iPhones, MIT Technology Review reports.

At Apple's new iPhone event this week, the company showed a video of Liam meticulously taking apart iPhones and extracting parts from the device's logic board. Some of the materials get recycled, while others are used in new devices. Here's what that process looks like:

As MIT Technology Review 's Will Knight points out, China is already moving toward automation throughout its manufacturing facilities, partly due to workers' wages, which have risen 12 percent every year for the past 15 years, and partly due to the competitive advantage that comes with automation. Knight observed this himself during recent visits to manufacturing plants in China.

"I saw how rapidly they are adding robots to production lines," he writes. "The shift seems inexorable, and it's likely to shape the evolution of the Chinese economy, as well as the global manufacturing picture."

The Chinese manufacturer Foxconn, which reportedly churned out more than 500,000 iPhone 5s's per year back in 2013, has already replaced tens of thousands of employees with robots for various tasks other than iPhone assembly, according to MIT Technology Review. They've also begun selling the robots themselves.

Apple's Liam has 29 arms that work together to disassemble old iPhones, and it can take apart more than 1.2 million phones per year. Soon, however, those arms may be used for building the devices, too. Apple Almost Bought A Semiconductor Company But Didn't: Why Did It Fall Through? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) continues to make news in the semiconductor space, as JPMorgan's Rod Hall noted the company had been considering a purchase of Imagination Technologies LLC.

Earlier this week, news broke that following a seven-month decline, Apple chip production is finally on the rise. Furthermore, the company has recently made a series of moves indicating a greater emphasis on chips and related technology, according to Forbes.

Apple And Imagination

Despite admittance that the company had been in talks to acquire Imagination, Apple announced in a brief statement that it does not plan to make an offer.

According to Hall, Apple's statement read, "We had some discussions with Imagination, but we do not plan to make an offer for the company at this time."

Hall now views this information as "further evidence" that Apple is interested in the semiconductor space and "owning every key piece of semiconductor technology in its devices."

Related Link: Apple Chip Production Finally Improving After 7 Months Of Decline

The analyst added that JPMorgan believes "Apple licenses Imagination's graphics core design for it's [sic] A-series chips."

According to a Forbes piece on Tuesday, "Apple has been ramping up its chip capabilities for years. In 2008, it acquired chip startup PA Semi. The talent from that company eventually led to Apple building its own CPU cores. Apple has also opened up a laboratory for developing LCD and OLED screen technology in Taiwan, according to a Bloomberg report from last year.

"Apple also recently paid $18.2 million for a 70,000-square-foot chip fab that in San Jose, as reported by the Silicon Valley Business Journal."

At this time, JPMorgan views this as a "neutral impact," and currently holds an Overweight rating on the stock.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: chipAnalyst Color Long Ideas Top Stories Markets Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-02-08
Forget Apple And Google's Market Cap Battle: Wal-Mart Is The Real Winner Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) s reign as the world s largest public company was very short-lived. After the stock briefly eclipsed Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) as the world s largest public company following a solid Q4 earnings beat, Alphabet s market cap has now plummeted more than 15 percent in a matter of days.

However, analysts at FactSet know there s more than one way to size up a company. FactSet took a look at how Apple and Alphabet stack up now following Alphabet s volatile trading.

In terms of market cap, Apple, at $535.6 billion, once again has a comfortable $40 billion-plus cushion on its lead over Alphabet. Alphabet, in turn, remains more than $80 billion ahead of third place Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT).

Related Link: Google Traders Now Monitoring Levels Above $800

When it comes to net income, however, Apple s $53.7 billion on-year income more than doubles that of any other public company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) comes in a distant second place at $23.9 billion, and Alphabet appears only ninth on the list at $16.4 billion.

Finally, FactSet reveals that, even as the business world continues its digital shift, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) maintains a massive lead over all other companies in terms of sales. Walmart s $484.0 billion in sales dwarfs those of second place Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) ($244.3 billion) and third place Apple ($233.3 billion). In terms of sales, Alphabet doesn t even make the top 10.

Disclosure: the author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Posted-In: FactSetEducation Markets General

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple, Inc CEO Tim Cook's piqued peek at Peak iPhone Editorial

Halfway through the last quarter, supply chain rumors of iPhone production cuts--purportedly "30 percent" of some unknown number--snowballed into an abominable snow-boogeyman of conjecture that claimed the end to iPhone growth was nigh and speculated about a downhill implosion of Apple's sales overall, an embarrassing lack of interest in Apple's newest iPhone 6s and a rapid evaporation of the world's most valuable company. They were wrong, here's why.







Economic malaise, S-year update couldn't stop iPhone 6s

High end Android shipments ($500 and above) have decreased from ~ 280m units in 2012 to ~ 190m units in 2015. Curse of modular..  Ben Bajarin (@BenBajarin) February 5, 2016

Wildly incorrect interpretations of supply chain data



Source: Fiksu

Doubling down on dumb

Apple's guidance for March isn't Peak iPhone

"We were blown away by the level of Android switchers that we had last quarter" - Tim Cook

Confusing a blip with a trend



Find more statistics at Find more statistics at Statista

Pay no attention to the fundamentals behind the cycle!

You want the truth? You can't handle the truth!

Where is the Disruption?

UPDATE: #Patriots Tablets are working again after Johnny demonstrates the correct way to fix them. https://t.co/bK9XGbuRcg  Sports Nation Ohio (@SN_Ohio) January 24, 2016

Who will weather the storm best?



Campus 2, Phase 2

Buybacks and acquisitions



AAPL is down, but not as badly as recommended acquisitions TSLA and TWTR

Impressed by some unsubstantiated supply chain rumors and supplier profitability concerns , a series of ostensibly legitimate media outlets began suggesting that Apple's March fiscal Q2 could see something like a 30 percent drop in iPhone sales, and that Apple likely wouldn't even be able to meet its guidance for the December quarter, resulting in a "Peak iPhone" milestone marking the date where Apple's iPhone sales would never again grow, for the first time in the illustrious eight year run of Apple's smartphone.However, everything about these predictions were wrong. Not just "wrong" as in dramatically exaggerated, but wrong as in fundamentally incorrect, myopically ignorant and distractingly deceptive.In Apple's fiscal Q1 earnings call, its chief executive Tim Cook outlined what was really happening, although it appears many journalists would prefer to continue believing the incorrect story they made up on their own.Apple actually sold slightly more iPhones in the December quarter, right in line with its guidance. This occured despite the "10 percent cut" in December orders (of some sort) cited by Morgan Stanley's Asian supply chain channel checker Jasmine Lu (as noted by Philip Elmer-DeWitt for Fortune).Apple's ability to exceed its iPhone sales record in the December quarter is quite incredible because--as we'd been incessantly told--there was a Difficult Compare year-over-year due to the fact that iPhone 6 had so spectacularly broken sales records via pent up demand for larger screen iPhones, something that would supposedly be very difficult to ever achieve again.Apple's fiscal 2015 Q1 iPhone performance was like an impossible basketball shot, but it then repeated that performance, only slightly better for Q1 2016. Except in this case, not only did Apple repeat a monumental stroke of operational achievement in building and selling 74 million premium devices within three months (more than Xiaomi could manage to build and sell across an entire year, despite working without environmental or worker rights scrutiny, and leisurely building lower quality devices in batches largely unconstrained by a launch event), but Apple performed this despite increasingly poor economic conditions globally.Those conditions included an increasingly strong US dollar that forced up prices internationally, making it that much harder to sell iPhones in competition with cheap Android devices that were already budget priced--and which in most cases were not adversely affected by the US Dollar shift. Samsung actually benefited from currency shifts, but still earned near the lowest bottom of its modern smartphone earnings. Samsung's overall sales were also down, and everyone's Android premium phones were down sharply.Android phones over $500 "have have decreased from ~ 280m units in 2012 to ~ 190m units in 2015," noted Creative Strategies analyst Ben Bajarin. That's a 32 percent drop. Remember all the news reports about Peak iPhone-class Androids? Me neither. But that actually happened, while Peak iPhone has not."Apple has over 80% share of smartphones sold globally over $600 dollars," Bajarin added, noting that "$400-500 is also considered high end Android."On top of that, Apple's iPhone Average Selling Price in the December quarter jumped up to $691, from $687 in the year ago quarter. This is incredible, because it indicates that buyers continued preferring the latest iPhone 6s model over the very similar iPhone 6 with its $100 discount.Any significant percentage of buyers deciding that last year's 6 was good enough for them would have brought that number down. A minor decrease would be understandable. An increase is nearly absurd.The fact that iPhone ASPs continue to rise is a direct rebuke of chatter that nobody wanted a 6s model because they weren't different enough or didn't offer enough spectacular newness.Isolated bits of data on supply chain cuts--even if they were correct--do not on their own mean anything. A year ago, Apple's supply of the entirely new iPhone 6 models was so constrained that the company struggled to meet demand into January. This year, the design and construction of Apple's 6s models were well within known territory, and could be manufactured ahead of time with less difficulty.Apple is also rumored to be manufacturing a smaller iPhone 5s-sized new phone, so building the 6s line early would enable production of such a second run. The fact that Apple may have changed some of its supplier orders was therefore essentially worthless information to anyone lacking a comprehensive understanding of the entire operational strategy. That's now even more abundantly clear, because the predictions based on the media's interpretations of this data were wrong.Conversely, the idea that iPhone 6s sales were tanking because nobody wanted one should have been evident in observable changes to the installed base --but there was no evidence indicating that 6s models were accumulating in unsold inventory. Instead there was data showing that 6s was selling fine, despite being less differentiated than last year's model versus the previous year.Rather than recognizing any of this, a variety of media sources have simply repeated the 'Apple is doomed' narrative they'd previously hoped for, a sort of schwachsinnige Schadenfreude.For example, perennial Apple-autopsy expert Adrian Kingsley-Hughes, writing for ZDNet, suggested that Apple's latest earnings offered proof that nobody wants iPhones anymore, and that demand for Apple's premium phone is likely gone for good. He originally wrote, "everyone who has an iPhone already has one."That was actually a typo, as he clearly meant to say something that made sense. But it's easier to excuse the typo than to rationalize what he actually intended to say: that everyone who wants an iPhone already has one. That's obviously not true, if you care about the data.iPhones aren't like a wedding ring or a DeLorean or a GoPro, where once you buy it you scratch it off your goals list. iPhones are consumables. Some buy a new iPhone every year. Many more buy one every two years, incentivized by mobile contracts. This results in a cyclical pattern of purchasing and repurchasing, augmented by new streams of switchers from other platforms. And there is clear evidence that switchers to iOS far outweigh those leaving the platform.We know that Apple is inhaling massive numbers of new users among former Android users, because this figure keeps going up. Cook previously noted that around 30 percent of iPhone buyers are coming from Android, and most recently observed that "we were blown away by the level of Android switchers that we had last quarter [in fiscal Q1]. It was the highest-ever by far, and so we see that as a huge opportunity."For the current quarter, Apple didn't guide for 30 percent iPhone cuts, as predicted by wild interpretations of last month's supply chain rumors. When Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi asked a question in Apple's earnings call involving the assumption that "It looks like your guidance implies about a 15-20 percent unit decline in iPhones for fiscal Q2," Cook answered "we do think that iPhone units will decline in the quarter. We don't think that they'll decline to the level that you're talking about."So much for "10 percent cuts" followed by "30 percent cuts" resulting in some simple, direct correlation with quarterly iPhone sales.Cook then noted that Apple wasn't providing guidance for the rest of 2016, but focused on why iPhone sales may not reach last year's peak in the current March quarter. He described extra production done during the previous March quarter to fill the constrained supply Apple ended calendar 2014 with, a tougher economic climate and continuing pressure from currency headwinds that have pushed prices upward internationally.Notably, Cook made no comment about consumers not finding sufficient interest in iPhone 6s models forcing him to slash prices or offer "buy one get one" deals, nor a significant issue with low end disruption from cheap Androids necessitating a flood of mid-grade budget iPhones.Those are the kind of problems that Samsung has acknowledged that it has. Its smartphone mix keeps heading downmarket, and even-cheaper producers are eating up its low end bread and butter. That's not a problem Apple currently has, as iPhone ASPs indicate.On the other hand, Cook has consistently described a huge opportunity for Apple in a variety of new markets beyond China, including India--which now appears to be the largest phone market in the world, albeit one Apple has barely begun to tap.That leaves the question remaining: would a year-over-year decrease in iPhone unit sales for Apple's March quarter (if it occurs) mean the end of iPhone growth, or is it a temporary anomaly, similar to the single down quarter of Mac sales over the past several years that represented an unusual circumstance rather than "Peak Mac"?Peak iPhone is partially reliant on the idea that Apple's iPhone sales have leapt upward by a predictable notch every quarter, so any divergence from this signals a crisis. But that has not been the case across the history of iPhone sales, even if Apple's critics conveniently forget or ignore the past whenever it's convenient (or all the time).In 2008, during the first full year of the original iPhone, sales dropped on a sequential basis in Q2 (March) and again in Q3 (June), ultimately falling below one million units prior to the launch of iPhone 3G. The next year, the same thing happened, with sales falling off immediately after the launch quarter.This pattern began changing in 2010, when iPhone sales remained high throughout the year (largely due to expanded distribution), followed by a new cycle interruption in the form of Verizon Wireless' spring introduction of the CDMA version of iPhone 4.In the three years since, iPhone sales in Greater China during the March-quarter Lunar New Year festival have created a new cyclical pattern, a sort of second iPhone launch for the Eastern Hemisphere analogous to the West's December holiday quarter.However, there's also another cyclical pattern in iPhone sales: the S model year. Apple followed its second generation iPhone 3G with a similar-appearing 3GS model sporting lots of internal enhancements. The fourth generation iPhone 4 was similarly followed by a nearly identical appearing 4S, and the sixth generation iPhone 5 and eighth generation iPhone 6 were identically refreshed with interleaved 5s and 6s generations, following a tick-tock cadence similar to Intel's CPUs.Looking at historical iPhone sales, it's clear that S generation models extend (or you might say replicate) the original version's sales cycle. iPhone 3G and 3GS formed a plateau of around 7 million units per quarter.While iPhone 4S set a new high-water mark in launch sales over the previous iPhone 4, this was largely due to greatly expanded distribution rather than huge swell of new excitement for the S model.Year-over-year quarters of iPhone 5 and 5s sales were again very similar, temporarily causing an irrational freakout among investors--aided by fear mongers predicting that Apple had "lost its ability to innovate" despite the very obvious reality that iPhones were repeating a really simple pattern.Two years later, all of the same people are again gobsmacked by the fact that S model iPhones follow the same pattern that they always have. It's sort of like being aghast that winter has arrived, or being astounded that the sun goes down every night. Except that this pattern takes place across two years, providing sensationalists with plenty of time to draw up charts showing percentage comparisons that are predictably terrifying.Imagine if every year, your TV weatherman drew up a daily climate watch showing a decline in temperatures, and gravely warned that all signs pointed toward a lethal deep freeze within 6 months, if things continue as they are, and it sure looks like it from this data we are seeing. How many years could he do that before losing all credibility?Centuries ago, this sort of thing actually did occur, resulting in sacrifices and rituals to bring back the sun every solstice. Today, people who can't grasp simple patterns are similarly ready to take (or to recommend) irrational actions in response to a shallow (perhaps willfully so) understanding of extremely simple cycles.Not astonishingly, the same people who can derive terrible portents of doom from percentage comparisons of the nadir and zenith of an Apple cycle have no ability to see any sort of cause-and-effect pattern when a company that is not Apple takes a turn toward irreversible oblivion.Take, for instance, Samsung. One of the most significant phone makers when the iPhone arrived, Samsung initially experienced a "crisis of design" and responded by initiating an iPhone counterfeiting program. This resulted in a commercially successful chain of new Galaxy S products, at least for three generations.Samsung didn't, however, generate the same clearly observable cyclical sales patterns as the iPhone. This was because Samsung was also selling large volumes of lower end phones in addition to its premium devices that looked just like the iPhone and ostensibly generated profit margins like the iPhone. Additionally, Samsung does not--and has never--reported quarterly smartphone sales the way Apple always has.This resulted in two ecosystems: one where Apple was issuing precise, audited temperature reports at regular intervals, and one where Samsung was casually claiming that it was comfortably warm all the time. One was data, the other was marketing. Journalists fell for it.Daisuke Wakabayashi of the Wall Street Journal was completely bamboozled by comparisons of Apple's transparent data with Samsung's opaque smokescreen of diversion that assured everyone that it had not only copied Apple's product, but had also managed to copy what made the iPhone successful, and was now the Next Big Thing.To anyone with even a basic understanding of the fundamentals behind Apple's business versus that of Samsung (and the Android platform it was beholden to), it should have been very obvious that Apple was building a vertically integrated, clearly differentiated empire while Samsung was titillating fools with promises that it could do what Apple had, even though it clearly was not, and likely could not.Apple's critics had so thoroughly convinced themselves that Apple was incompetent and that Samsung was innovative and creative that they failed to believe that Samsung's poor sales of the Galaxy S5 were anything other than a temporary blip. The next year's collapse of Samsung's mobile profits also came as a surprise to them, and even today a few are still holding out hope that some sort of tweak (or perhaps "starting over from scratch") will return Samsung to its "rightful place" this year.However, if you look at the evidence, it's clear that Samsung has always relied upon high volumes of low end device sales. Samsung's Galaxy S was never selling in iPhone quantities. And without intense--and massively expensive--marketing, sales of Samsung's high end products aren't sustainable. They also aren't sustainable with that marketing expenses, because it simply costs too much ( $14 billion in 2013).That's why Samsung was forced to dramatically scale back its promotional spending, resulting in the "new normal" of low end, minimally profitable smartphone sales just like everyone else in Android land (or in Windows phones).It's now quite clear that one reason why Apple has scaled back its transparency with regard to hardware unit sales reporting for Apple Watch, Apple TV and iPod is due to the absolutely dishonest and malicious way that Apple's sales data is interpreted when it is available.In fact, even when Apple clearly explained that it would not be publishing those figures starting in 2015, members of the media continue to giggle among themselves about why they haven't seen the figures published yet. Here's a hint, "journalists": it's kind of like why you don't give a young child any toys with parts that are small enough to choke on. Because they will.There's still lots of data that Apple does provide, and journalists keep gagging on it in dangerous ways. For example, there's virtually zero major tech or financial outposts who think that iPad is anything other than a plane on fire with a trajectory pointed at the dirt. But iPad is the world's best selling tablet by a huge margin, and really the only one earning a substantial profit (over $20 billion in sales for calendar 2015)."It's pretty clear that the time of the iPad has come and gone," wrote the same guy who thinks that "everyone who wants an iPhone already has one." But ponder what that means. One company is selling virtually all of the world's tablets priced at over $300. If lower sales figures mean that iPad is going away, what replaces it?iPads aren't being replaced by PCs, because those are shrinking too. Not netbooks or Chromebooks, neither of which has any traction. Not other tablets, because the same thing is happening there too (slightly worse than iPad). Are we headed toward an Stone Age of non-computer use? Or is it simply a case of a fluctuating cycles, including a difficult economic downturn combined with the shift to the larger iPhone 6/6s Plus and a slower iPad replacement cycle, as Apple keeps maintaining?Note that while IDC--essentially a wing of Microsoft's public relations-- lavishes praise on the growth of "detachables," the reality is that this potential iPad-competition, in the form of the Surface Pro 4, failed to even reach 2 million units in its third launch quarter. That's less than the first holiday quarter of iPhone, or the first holiday quarter of Apple Watch.Microsoft has been relentlessly promoting Surface Pro--often to its own detriment, as seen in the recent NFL PR flop . But after three years of sales and billions in promotion, Surface Pro has been instantly overshadowed in unit sales, not by another Windows 10 detachable PC maker, but by Apple's own iPad Pro--and in just its first half-quarter of availability.And as we witnessed over the last year, Surface Pro units have an iPhone-like cycle of their own, where sales collapse before the next launch. The difference is that they never get very high to start with. If that's the most significant competition iPad has, Apple doesn't have much to worry about.The same fundamental data also exists for iPhones. Is Apple's reign over in smartphones, or are sales just headed 'S for sideways'? The fact that Apple's unit sales and profitability are both so incredibly high--much higher than any of its competitors in comparable offerings--indicates that we should be skeptical of those who think Apple is out of growth potential.If it were instead the case that consumers were decisively migrating toward lower cost devices, and no longer cared about premium features, fast chips, better cameras and sophisticated apps, we should be seeing evidence of this. Instead, we're witnessing a global retraction in growth among basic PCs, basic tablets and basic phones, even as Apple continues to sell massive quantities of its premium devices. Even within economic turmoil that seemingly "should" result in the opposite.Really, 2016 is looking a lot like 2008, where Apple's stock price collapsed in half under the leadership of Steve Jobs, largely due to panicked analysts predicting that consumers would shy away from premium products due to "macroeconomic pressures." That didn't turn out to be correct.Instead, Apple weathered the storm better than its competitors, because they were all living off of razor thin margins. When sales volumes were compressed, they were hurt more than Apple was.Today, Apple has an even more important fat reserve to get it through a lull of economic uncertainty: over $200 billion in capital. While Apple would likely sell more of everything it makes if the global economy were surging, it's also true that Apple has never had more favorable conditions for unbridled expansion. And because Apple is far ahead of its peers in unit sales of profitable PCs, tablets, phones and wearables, a downturn gives it a prime opportunity to expand for the future.During an economic downturn, Apple can acquire other companies with less competitive pressure and at more favorable prices. It can also build internationally with strong US Dollars (including those dozen new retail stores planned for Mainland China).Even Apple's domestic expansion and construction projects (including Campus 2 , major peripheral office and R&D projects across Silicon Valley, and its iCloud data center expansions like the one getting started in Reno, NV ) will all be easier and cheaper to complete. During a boom cycle, construction is constrained and becomes significantly more expensive.Other companies also have large cash reserves, including Google and Microsoft. But those companies are already being pressed to contain their expenses, not blow their cash on building new infrastructure to support platforms that aren't generating substantial revenue.Apple has already been spending big--it already plans to spend $15 billion on capex during fiscal 2016--but analysts and investors have continued to press the company to spend more of its cash pile on tangible new projects capable of returning major new growth, rather than leaving it parked in relatively conservative investments.It looks like Apple has been saving for a rainy day. The storm clouds are getting pretty dark.With Apple's stock currently at extreme lows, the company's existing buyback program is also taking advantage of a unique opportunity to reduce outstanding shares at an incredible discount. It's likely that the company will double down on buybacks with a new plan this spring.However, we've recently seen lots of criticism of the fact that Apple has been buying back its stock over the last year at prices that are now higher than the current value. If only Apple had a time machine or the omniscience of Zeus! Or the retroactive 20/20 hindsight of people today recommending what it could have done different in the past.The reality remains that Apple's buybacks have achieved their intended goal: to increase Earnings Per Share metrics. At the same time--because Apple is partially financing its capital return program with debt offerings--this has also helped to lower the company's Weighted Average Cost Of Capital Essentially, investors expect a certain return on the capital held by a company. To the company, this expectation is a cost of capital. By incurring debt, this cost goes down, further enhancing the company's fundamentals, making it more attractive to investors. Interest on debt can also be tax deductible. So there are a lot of reasons why Apple's buybacks have been a good use of the company's excess cash.Now consider the advice of one of Apple's primary buyback critics. Writing for Forbes, Eric Jackson stated back in November 2014 that Cooks' buybacks were "madness," and "a total waste of Apple's hard-earned $100 billion," in an article that called Apple's buybacks "Tim Cook's Single Biggest Mistake As CEO."Jackson recommended instead that Apple should have bought Tesla for $45 billion, paid $39 billion Twitter, $15 billion for Pinterest and then spent another $20 billion to magically "fix" all problems related to batteries and iCloud.However, there's no evidence that Apple could have run Tesla or a social network better than those companies' existing leadership have, and no reason to believe that the talent currently working in those companies would have stuck around, given that as subsidiaries of Apple they wouldn't have the same tremendous profit potential they have working in an independent startup.Remember when Apple bought P.A. Semi and some of that company's leadership subsequently left? Also consider how much of a distraction major acquisitions or mergers are in the real world, outside of the financial blogs recommending that Apple can somehow magically buy up companies at their existing valuations and suddenly be competent in new markets. Remember iAd? Remember Google's Motorola fiasco? Remember Microsoft's Nokia and aQuantive boondoggles?Additionally, over the last year or so since Jackson wrote his critique, Tesla's market capitalization has fallen to $23 billion and Twitter to $11.5 billion (Pinterest has not yet gone public). That indicates the failure of humans to foresee the future is pretty universal.I'm sure Cook isn't sad he didn't pay $84 billion to babysit two companies throughout 2015 that are now valued at $34.4 billion. Conversely, Cook has to be quite confident that Apple's own valuation will rebound to new highs that will make last years' buybacks a very obviously good deal again, let alone the stock he's now buying back at an insane discount.A major reason for that confidence: Cook has $200 billion available to spend on further strategic acquisitions and capital expenditures while the rest of the world is embroiled in a fire sale on the brink of recession. Additionally, Cook also knows exactly what comes after iPhone 6s.And if history offers any insight, the tenth generation iPhone will be another big growth cycle. Apple: Say No To A Massive Dividend Increase  
2016-04-08
Apple Watch Price Reduction Highlights Sell-Through Issues In early March, I authored a publication titled "Apple Watch: Already A Lost Leader." The purposely-positioned title denoted the proclivity of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to lead new and existing categories over time. Having said that, the Apple Watch has positioned Apple in a precarious way within the wearables and/or fitness tracker category. The Apple Watch may be a wearable smart watch, but Apple's approach to the sub category of fitness trackers has been anything but smart in my opinion.

Technically, the Watch is a smart watch, but in terms of usage all those many apps and notification capabilities fail to generate greater usage by consumers. Most consumers use the Watch and other smart watches/wearables for health and wellness or fitness tracking purposes. Given this understanding, the Watch is definitively a fitness-tracking device. To argue otherwise would be to argue with the consumer, Apple Inc. and how they see consumers using the device more often than not. It is also with this understanding that Apple's greater and more recent application addition is designated for health and wellness/fitness tracking.

It appears that the next Apple Watch will have more health and wellness applications through the employment of CareKit. With the ability to share information with doctors, nurses or family members, CareKit apps help people take a more active role in their health. Here's what the company had to say about CareKit more directly: "We're thrilled with the profound impact ResearchKit has already had on the pace and scale of conducting medical research, and have realized that many of the same principles could help with individual care," said Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer. "We believe that giving individuals the tools to understand what is happening with their health is incredibly powerful, and apps designed using CareKit make this a reality by empowering people to take a more active role in their care."

I will be the first to recognize that adding health conscious features to the Watch is a benefit to the consumer. Having said that I don't think it will be a driving feature behind increasing sales for the Watch. In addressing the usefulness of a smart watch or any wearable of concern, these products don't exhibit a must have feature. While many have been of the opinion that wearables address or will address the future epidemic that is obesity, history details that the only variable that can impact this epidemic is "will power."

Wearables have been in existence for the last four years on a mass-market scale and the obesity epidemic has only increased over this time. Addressing this epidemic with wearables is not a bad thing and I don't desire readers to understand my sentiment toward wearables to be defined as such. Wearables simply don't actively participate in the health and wellness of the average person. The gadgets passively track data achieved through sensors and algorithms and beg of the user to perform additional tasks to achieve the data as well as benefit from the data gathered. The problem in this scenario of engagement between the user and the gadget is that it requires several new habits to be absorbed by the user. Behavioral change is a tough task for any consumer good and the consumer good category is littered with niche products that failed to generate these behavioral changes long term. From the need to charge yet another battery driven gadget to uploading data, wearables ask a lot of the user in return for sometimes unreliable data tracking that can fail to sync with personal computing platforms and applications. The entire gadget and fitness goods category is littered with faddish products that were hot for a period of 1-3 years before failing to achieve mass market adoption and finding sales growth an impossibility. I suggested the behavior change needed by consumers as being an obstacle for wearables and the roughly 50% attrition rate for the leader in the category, Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), validates the subject matter as a concern.

The Watch, as I've said before, is a good product with many uses. Unfortunately, those uses are little more than redundant uses already expressed in other Apple products like the iPhone. Sales for the Watch have been strong from a sell-in perspective, but beyond poor from a sell-through perspective. Additionally, the return rate has been equally disturbing and highlighting Apple's poor positioning of the product. With an entry-level price of $349 for the Sport Watch models, the Watch has found sell-through results to be less than anticipated. The fact that the device does little more than the iPhone and that the Watch is tethered to the iPhone has found greater sales growth beyond sell-in to be challenging.

To address sell-through issues, Apple has permanently lowered the price of the Watch Sport to $299. This marks the second time the Watch has been discounted. With the next iteration of the Watch likely not coming until the back-to-school shopping season and alongside iPhone 7, the Watch will likely exhibit an average selling price (ASP) of $299 for the life span of the Watch since it launched in early 2015. This has forced some analysts to remodel the revenues coming from the Watch. Additionally, the discounted price of the Watch may help to clear some inventory overhang ahead of the next iteration while addressing competition from the Fitbit Blaze. The Blaze and Watch offer differentiated applications and can serve different consumers, but investors would be wise to understand that most wearables are used predominantly for health and wellness applications and therefore the products do compete head-to-head. If you buy an Apple Watch you are not likely to buy a Fitbit Blaze and that is the definition of completion. It's one or the other for the individual consumer using a wearable device.

I've been tracking sell-through of the wearables category for greater than six months now and the Watch is definitively performing poorly when compared to other wearables. When it comes to distribution that is where the Watch has received the greatest media notoriety. But when we consider what the sell-in/distribution reach could be for the Watch or Watch 2, one is forced to accept that it will continue to fail to reach mass-market adoption and lose market share to other smart watches and wearables. Simply put, the price point of the Watch is a factor that will eliminate many retailers from carrying the Watch. Staples (NASDAQ:SPLS) carries the Samsung Gear and other smart watches, but they will not carry the Watch as the price point is too high and the retailer does not desire to carry that price point in the category. Bed Bath & Beyond (NASDAQ:BBBY) carries the Fitbit Blaze, but will not be carrying the Watch because of the price point. And this is the case for many retailers not only in North America but also around the world. Apple Stores can't generate enough brand and sales strength in the face of greater distribution from competing devices, which has hindered the company's market share gains for other categories as well. Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) is Apple's largest sales volume generator for Apple products and as it pertains to physical store sales. Even this prime retailer of Apple products has found Watch sales hard to come by and returns of the device elevated.

The Watch is not a "beta test" product and neither was the iPod, iPad or iPhone. They are and have been what they always were for each product. Apple has definitively improved on each product mentioned, but there have been no magnificent changes to the usage of these devices. They have always been used in the same manner as their origins of engineering designed them to be. So when we think of the Watch of tomorrow, it may certainly be found to be an improvement form its predecessor models, but it is extremely unlikely to change how the consumer finds the product useful.

I'm looking forward to an "untethered" Watch, even though I don't think this will improve the sales performance of the Watch meaningfully. More than likely, it will be hindered by data usage subscription needs that are separate billings from smart phones and akin to the Samsung Gear. This has found sales of the Samsung Gear also troublesome. In short, any which way one tries to advantage the Watch, a hurdle is placed before it and when there are such obstacles it usually means the technology is either ahead of its time or not right for mass adoption. Adding Wi-Fi capability to the Watch also may hurt the margins for the product and further denigrate the battery life of the Watch. Both variables carry no advantage to Apple or the consumer. Brick wall after brick wall! Technological advances are not always advantageous for a company or its products. Such technologies are generally referred to as vapor ware, like 3D televisions. For all the hype and hope of 3D television in the home, the sentiment and sales wore off in less than two years. The products still exist, but only because selection is desired by retailers and not because sales are strong. 3D televisions are a nice niche. Keurig Kold is/was another example of vapor ware. Delivering an 8oz Coke Zero or Sprite for $1.29 at the push of a button for an appliance that cost $369 found very few adopters. The problems the Keurig Kold addressed were... nothing. The refrigerator does what the Keurig Kold does and stores 2-liter bottles at an average price of $1.40 per unit.

Akin to the Keurig Kold, the Watch and wearables in general don't solve any problems. They track data and alert the user to this, that and the other. But in no way do they solve problems. Additionally, like the Keurig Kold, there is a cost disadvantage to the competing form factor for tracking and alerting wearables users. This form factor is the cell phone or the user's five senses. Do you know how I know I might be obese? Do you know how I know I might need to exercise? Knowing my heart rate during any activity does nothing for the average person other than say, "By the way." I can't really do anything with that information on a repetitive basis without changing my behaviors. The practicality of changing those behaviors that doesn't conflict with my daily life is limited.

So with all that being said, here is a look at just how poorly sales for the Watch performed at one of Apple's largest retail distributors during the month of February and prior to the announced price reduction. I always use California, New York, Florida and Illinois when it comes to mass-market sales conclusions as historical sales data from these regions carries greater efficacy.

As far as pricing is concerned, the price reduction is addressing some of the sell-through issues with the Watch, but some retailers may believe the price reduction doesn't go far enough. Target recently promoted the sale of the Watch Sport for $249 in its most recent weekly circular.

The Watch is a good product that I hope Apple can find a way to improve upon for users going forward and in a manner that provides a long tailwind of revenues and profits for the company. The Watch presently makes up very little of the company's profits and as such investors should greatly consider the totality of the business when considering investing capital in the company. Over the last decade or so, Apple has proven to deliver products that consumers enjoy and in doing so investors have been greatly rewarded. With the company reporting earnings in the coming weeks, investors are anxiously awaiting to see how many iPhones and Mac products the company sold during the period alongside the gross profit margins. With the Watch relegated to the "Other" category of the company's revenue pie, I would still expect the company to detail distribution gains/sales for the Watch during the most recently ended quarter. With Watch finally achieving Best Buy Mobile distribution during the quarter, this probably helped sales of the Watch. Having said that, I do not expect the company to discuss sell-through Watch results in detail. 
2016-08-08
The Important Lesson Entrepreneurs Can Learn From the Apple Computer That ... The Important Lesson Entrepreneurs Can Learn From the Apple Computer That Sparked a Revolution

Image credit: Photo of Corey Cohen, courtesy of Corey Cohen Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Trading Outlook Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Trading Outlook

HEFFX Notes Apple

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 99.94.

The projected upper bound is: 111.62.

The projected lower bound is: 103.65.

The projected closing price is: 107.64.

APPLE INC closed up 1.610 at 107.480. Volume was 6% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 19% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume

106.270 107.650 106.180 107.480 40,553,400

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 103.52 98.54 103.50

Volatility: 41 26 32

Volume: 42,672,016 35,430,772 41,889,556

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC gapped up today (bullish) on normal volume. Possibility of a Runaway Gap which usually signifies a continuation of the trend. Four types of price gaps exist   Common, Breakaway, Runaway, and Exhaustion. Gaps acts as support/resistance.

APPLE INC is currently 3.8% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is extremely high when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that volatility will decrease and prices will stabilize in the near term. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into AAPL.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 13 periods. Our momentum oscillator is currently indicating that AAPL.O is currently in an overbought condition. The security price has set a new 14-period high while our momentum oscillator has not. This is a bearish divergence.

HEFFX Momentum Apple Inc.

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 91.4286. This is an overbought reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses below 80 The last signal was a sell 1 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 71.96. This is where it usually tops. The RSI usually forms tops and bottoms before the underlying security. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 3 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 105.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 1 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 7 period(s) ago.

Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp. 
2016-11-08
3 Revelations From Apple Inc. Job Listings It's worthwhile to check Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) job listings on a regular basis. Although no big, game-changing revelations are going to reveal themselves there, observers can get a sense of what types of projects and technologies the company is investing more into.

This, in turn, can provide some insight into what the future of Apple's products might hold, at least in broad terms. So let's go over three key insights that can be gleaned from the company's current set of job listings.

Apple is still bulking up its chip teams

On Nov. 3 alone, Apple posted 11 job listings related to hardware engineering. Of those 11, at least nine -- arguably 10 -- were related to the company's chip-development efforts.

It's likely that most of this hiring is aimed to bulk up its A-series smartphone and tablet processors; after all, Apple's leadership in these technologies certainly serves to build a long-term user-experience competitive advantage relative to its competition.

However, Apple has also been investing in wireless system-on-a-chip technology. This development might point to Apple's working to build in-house cellular modem efforts, but there's another potential explanation.

At the iPhone 7-series launch, Apple launched a family of wireless earbuds known as AirPods. The AirPods, according to the company, includes an Apple-designed wireless chip known as the W1, which Apple's chief design officer Jony Ive says (via 9to5Mac) "enables intelligent connection to all your Apple devices and allows you to instantly switch between whichever one you're using."

Apple's wireless chip efforts could very well be in service of future W-series connectivity chips and, perhaps, other technologies that haven't quite been made public yet.

OLED is coming soon to the Apple iPhone

Apple has put up a job listing for a "display manufacturing supplier quality engineering manager." The individual who ultimately gets this position "will have direct impact on the quality of the next generations of iPhone and [Apple] Watch."

Under the "key qualifications," Apple says that it would prefer to hire a candidate with "OLED process experience and/or flexible display module process experience."

So if there were any doubts that curved OLED displays were coming soon to Apple's iPhone product lineup, this should squash them.

Apple's investing in 3D Perception tech

On Nov. 3, Apple posted a job listing for a "3D Perception Algorithm Engineer." According to the listing, the individual who gets this gig "will implement 3D computer vision algorithms using existing hardware blocks (GPU, dedicated SoC) with an emphasis on performance and power."

What's more, the listing goes on to say that this engineer will "evaluate existing hardware blocks and contribute to the definition of new hardware blocks."

In other words, this listing suggests that Apple is working on getting these 3D computer vision algorithms to work reasonably on current-generation A-series processors.

Then, once Apple figures out efficient algorithms to perform the desired 3D perception and computer vision functionality, it will build specialized hardware that can run those algorithms -- and pretty much only those algorithms -- extremely quickly and in a very power-efficient manner, which is important for battery-life purposes.

This is an example of the ability to integrate hardware and software that Apple often brags about. It'll be interesting to see how these technologies work when they are ultimately introduced into future iPhone and iPad products. InvenSense Inc.'s Risky Reliance on Apple Inc. Motion sensor specialist InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) told investors on its Nov. 3 earnings call that during its most recent quarter, 58% of its revenue came from its largest customer. That customer is believed to be none other than Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

Although InvenSense certainly benefits from having Apple as a major customer, there are significant risks associated with being so dependent on a single customer. Let's go over a big one.

Partial or total Apple share loss

Although InvenSense has won motion sensor spots inside multiple generations of iPhones, investors shouldn't dismiss the possibility that one of the two following scenarios could coming to pass:

Apple decides to second-source the accelerometer and gyroscope chips in a future iPhone, dramatically reducing its potential revenue from iPhone sales. Apple completely designs InvenSense out of a future iPhone, putting InvenSense's Apple-related revenue trajectory on the path to $0.

Both scenarios would be catastrophic to InvenSense's business, with the latter potentially putting the company on the path to insolvency.

Let's take a closer look at each of these scenarios individually.

What a partial Apple share loss would mean for InvenSense

Last quarter, InvenSense reported $79.8 million in revenue, with roughly $46.3 million of that figure from Apple. It also tallied gross profit of $33.53 million and operating expenses of $43 million, for an operating loss of $9.48 million.

What happens if InvenSense is forced to split that revenue 50/50 with an alternative supplier? Reworking this quarter's results to factor such a share loss, InvenSense's quarterly revenue would have been just $56.65 million.

Apple's business probably comes at much lower margins than the rest of InvenSense's business, so if we assume InvenSense's gross profit margin increased to around 46% as a result of share loss at Apple, and if we also assume InvenSense's current operating expense run rates hold, that revenue level would have led InvenSense to post an operating loss of $17 million.

Losses like that aren't sustainable for very long for a company of this size. In that case, the company would have to dramatically scale back its operating cost structure to avoid burning cash too rapidly.

That would curtail InvenSense's ability to invest in new markets, such as the Internet of Things opportunity that the company's management team appears bullish on.

What a total Apple share loss would mean for InvenSense

Imagine now the scenario in which Apple completely dumps InvenSense. This one is much less likely, assuming InvenSense can continue to execute, but Apple has dumped suppliers wholesale in the past. It did so with Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and its A-series chip manufacturing, PortalPlayer in the iPod, and Infineon in older iPhones.

Investors also shouldn't forget that InvenSense was designed out of the Samsung Galaxy S7, even though it had successfully secured spots in Samsung's flagships in the past.

If InvenSense's Apple-related revenue simply vanished in its most recent quarter, then the motion-processor specialist would have reported just $33.5 million in revenue. Even at a 50% gross profit margin, that level of revenue -- again, assuming constant operating expenses -- would have had InvenSense losing approximately $26 million.

In this case, just as in the case of partial share loss, InvenSense would need to open some large, alternative revenue streams quickly or be forced to rapidly slash operating expenses. The cuts in this scenario would probably need to be significantly larger than they'd need to be in the partial-share-loss situation.

In either case, though, InvenSense's future would look much bleaker.

Should management sell the company now?

The problem with InvenSense is that even with a lot of revenue coming from its win at Apple, it's still not able to consistently generate a healthy operating profit. The company's operating expense structure is quite high, and it's not clear when InvenSense's significant investments in the future will begin to pay off.

Management said on its most recent earnings call that it expects a return to "healthy year-over-year growth in fiscal 2018, driven by several market trends and new design wins in progress," but I'm going to be cautious about taking management's optimism at face value.

Indeed, Reuters recently reported that InvenSense is "exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale."

If InvenSense's management and board of directors were so optimistic about the company's future, why would they be looking to sell the company? More importantly, why would they be looking to do it when InvenSense shares trade for less than they did when the company first went public?

There may be some upside to InvenSense stock from here if the company is successful in finding a buyer, but that's far from guaranteed. Reuters, for one, says "there is no certainty that the sale process will result in any deal." The business just seems too risky at this point for me to buy the stock. Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India For years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has tried to make inroads within the world's second-most populous country. The iPhone maker has struggled to make much progress due to a wide range of structural challenges associated with expanding its presence.

Four years ago, a policy change at India's Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) revised its rules on foreign companies owning single-brand retail stores, which theoretically opened up a path for Apple to set up its own retail stores. The main catch was a requirement that any such store must source at least 30% of the value of its products from within India, an effort to bolster the local economy. Apple has been working with Indian officials ever since, continuing to evaluate how to set up shop because Apple is unable to meet that sourcing requirement.

Earlier this year, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley rejected Apple's request for leeway on the requirement. Apple had been seeking an exception based on the fact that its products are "state of the art" and "cutting edge," which make them eligible for an exception.

Another piece of the puzzle

The Economic Times is reporting that Apple is now asking for various incentives from the government, as it is considering ways to expand manufacturing within the country. The government has been trying to woo international companies to bring electronics manufacturing to India, and Apple hopes to score some of the incentives being offered. There are several government agencies involved, but the DIPP will soon issue an opinion that may influence other agencies. Foxconn, Apple's primary contract manufacturer, has been discussing plans to open up a manufacturing facility in India, and certainly Apple scoring some incentives would help offset some of these costs since the facility is reportedly going to be exclusively making Apple products.

Having devices manufactured in India would help reduce the import tariffs that drive up the costs of iPhones and other imported products. It's worth noting that even if Apple is able to successfully get incentives to expand manufacturing, there are still other challenges that it faces. The incentive wouldn't directly affect Apple's ability to set up its own retail stores, which would theoretically go a long way with improving distribution and owning the customer purchasing experience. iPhones are still prohibitively expensive to the vast majority of average Indian consumers, which is why Apple has just a 2% market share, according to Strategy Analytics.

It's not too late

CEO Tim Cook has been talking about Apple's opportunities in India for years, so it doesn't inspire much confidence that the company has made such little progress over this amount of time. Of course, it's extremely hard to compete when local rules and regulations have stacked the deck against you, but it's also probably true that India isn't at the top of Apple's priority list right about now.

That being said, Cook did add some color around India on the last quarterly conference call, noting that iPhone sales in fiscal 2016 were up 50% in India. There's also been a lack of network infrastructure:

On India, I think it's important to look not only at per-capita income, which may be what you're looking at, but sort of look at the number of people that are or will move into the middle class sort of over the next decade. And the age of the population, if you look at India, almost 50% of the population is under 25. And so you have a very, very young population. The smartphone has not done as well in India in general. However, one of the key reasons for that is the infrastructure hasn't been there. But this year or this year and next year, there are enormous investments going in on 4G and we couldn't be more excited about that because it really takes a great network working with iPhone to produce that great experience for people.

The reality is that Apple probably does have plenty of time, considering the demographics of India as well as the socioeconomic landscape. If the population is still young and the middle class hasn't hit critical mass yet, Apple may be able to bide its time as it tries to line up all the other pieces of its strategy. What Apple Inc.'s Custom Graphics Processor Means for This Small-Cap Supplier Highly respected microprocessor analyst David Kanter recently posted an article on his website, Real World Tech, detailing an interesting discovery. He says Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has finally managed to design its own graphics processing unit (GPU) for integration into its A-series chips used inside both its iPhone and iPad series of products.

Perhaps more surprisingly, Kanter says that Apple launched its first custom graphics processor design inside the A8 chip that powered the iPhone 6-series smartphones. The company has presumably iterated upon that original design with the graphics processors found inside Apple's A9 and A10 Fusion chips released in subsequent years.

Before building its own graphics processor, Apple relied on designs produced by graphics specialist and longtime Apple supplier Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF). Let's take a closer look at what Apple's custom graphics processor means for Imagination Technologies, if anything.

Imagination Technologies still in the loop

Kanter begins with an explanation of the three major components of a typical GPU:

A modern GPU, like the ones inside Apple's iPhone and iPad, has three major components that must all work together in harmony to render a scene. The first is the fixed-function graphics hardware, which is responsible for tasks like processing API commands, triangle rasterization, and raster output. The second is the shader core, which is the heart of the GPU and executes programmable shaders (e.g., vertex, geometry, pixel, and compute shaders). Last, the graphics driver is the software that runs on the CPU and ties everything together, coordinating the activities of the GPU.

According to Kanter, although much of Apple's graphics processor design is custom, there's still quite a bit of technology inside the design that comes from Imagination.

Here's Kanter with more details:

Apple's GPU appears to still use some of the PowerVR fixed-function graphics hardware. However, based on a variety of public evidence, it is clear that Apple has replaced the programmable shader cores with their own more efficient and higher performance design. To take advantage of the custom shader cores, Apple also developed their own driver and compiler to emit code for its architecture. The overall result is that while Apple's GPU shares some heritage with PowerVR, it is a unique and proprietary design.

What's interesting is that Imagination Technologies didn't report anything unusual from a licensing or royalty payment perspective as Apple transitioned from the A7 chip to the A8 chip. Indeed, during Imagination's fiscal year ended on April 30, 2015, the company reported royalty revenue growth of 9%. The company said unit shipments from non-MIPS processors -- in other words, Imagination's PowerVR graphics -- were flat year over year while the average royalty rate in non-MIPS processors went up because of "a better mix."

If Apple's move to more customized GPU technology led to a significant reduction in per-unit royalty payments to Imagination Technologies, then the company's average non-MIPS royalty rate should have gone down rather than move up 9%. Apple is a large enough customer of Imagination's that a significant content reduction in Apple's devices would lead to a large drop in non-MIPS royalty revenue.

Investment takeaway

The conclusion, at least for now, is that even though Apple has built up significant graphics technology expertise in-house, it still relies on valuable intellectual property that Imagination Technologies developed.

Since Imagination's PowerVR licensing and royalty performance have apparently been unaffected by Apple's move to a custom graphics processor, it might be reasonable to expect Imagination Technologies to continue to collect royalty payments for the foreseeable future, even as Apple continues to advance its own graphics processor designs. Here's Why Apple Inc. Waited So Long to Release New MacBook Pro Computers Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2015 MacBook Pro refresh principally consisted of bringing slightly faster processors, modestly larger batteries, and Force Touch track pads to the prior-generation models. Late last month, Apple released new MacBook Pro models that represented much larger leaps forward than what last year's models did.

The changes that Apple brought to this year's models were sweeping. Among them were sleeker form factors, much better displays, speedier processors, a new Touch Bar with Touch ID support in place of the function keys, new keyboards, and improved Force Touch track pads.

The investment community might be wondering why it took Apple so long to get these redesigned MacBook Pro systems out. Per a new report from DigiTimes, we now have the answer.

Blame manufacturing yields on some components

DigiTimes, citing "sources from the upstream supply chain," says that Apple is "said to have delayed the product's shipment schedule by a quarter due to low yield rates for some components." The components facing these yield challenges, the report says, included batteries, keyboards, and hinges.

Component manufacturing yield issues can lead to both supply issues (not enough good product gets made) as well as cost-structure problems (defective products have a non-zero cost to manufacture but ultimately generate no revenue, raising the average cost for the ones that ultimately are salable).

It's little wonder that Apple decided to hold off on bringing these new systems to market until yields on these critical components improved.

Apple reportedly "placing aggressive orders" for new MacBook Pro components

Although the DigiTimes report offered an explanation for the delay in bringing these new MacBook Pro computers to market, the article was primarily focused on Apple's component order patterns for the systems. This is interesting stuff, so let's take a closer look at what it had to say.

Per DigiTimes' sources, Apple is "optimistic about the sales" of these new MacBook Pro computers. That optimism, DigiTimes reports, has led to Apple "turning aggressive" with respect to component orders "after the launch in October."

Furthermore, those same sources reportedly told DigiTimes that "MacBook Pro shipments in 2017 are also expected to stay at the same level as in 2016."

According to market research company IDC, the personal computer market is expected to decline by 7.2% in 2016. During the first three quarters of the year, Apple's personal computer unit declines have been wider than those that the overall personal computer market have suffered; this means that Apple has been losing market share.

Metric Q1 2016 Q2 2016 Q3 2016 Apple Mac unit shipment growth (12%) (11%) (14%) PC market unit shipment growth (11.5%) (4.5%) (3.9%)

Should the personal computer market decline again in 2017, Apple simply shipping the same number of MacBook Pro computers in 2017 as it does in 2016 would imply a return to market share gains.

The revenue growth story could be more interesting than the unit shipment story

Apple returning to year-over-year unit share gains in the personal computer market would be a positive, but the real story here could be the potential for growth in revenue share.

Remember, Apple's new MacBook Pro products are priced at premiums to what the prior-generation models were priced at. Furthermore, Apple is keeping some of its prior-generation models around at the same price points that they were at before the new MacBook Pro systems launched.

If Apple is able to keep its MacBook Pro unit shipments flat in 2017 relative to what they were during 2016, it is likely that its average selling prices on those systems will be significantly higher. This could lead to Apple's Mac-related revenue growth (and thus revenue share growth) being much more robust than its unit (and unit share) growth will be. 
2016-01-09
Apple, Inc. May Really Ditch the Headphone Jack After unreliable rumors surfaced last year reporting Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is thinking about ditching the headphone jack with the iPhone 7, the speculation has since lost momentum. But the rumor is now returning more strongly than ever, after 9to5Mac reaffirmed this speculation with its own sources.

The speculative rumor gains credibility

"Apple is prototyping a completely new set of Bluetooth earphones," reported Mark Gurman of 9to5Mac. Gurman, who is well connected with reliable Apple sources and has a very good track record with Apple speculation, says the new earphones could launch alongside the iPhone 7 this fall. Further, Gurman says, "sources confirm that the iPhone 7 will not include a standard headphone jack and will instead require headphones to connect via the Lightning connector or wirelessly over Bluetooth."

Speculation that Apple would ditch the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 originated from an article on Japanese website Mac Otakara. The website cited a "reliable source," but the claim was glossed over because Otakara's track record with rumors is mixed.

But Gurman's voice adds credibility to speculation about Apple's plans to ditch the headphone jack.

The headphones, which Gurman says will sport the Beats brand, will be similar to the Motorola Hint and Bragi's new Dash earphones, which were both demonstrated at CES this week.

Gurman offers more details: "It's expected that the in-development accessory will include a noise-cancelling microphone system, enabling phone calls, and communication with Siri even without Apple's prior in-line microphone and remote. In order to fit inside of the user's ear, Apple will likely develop different sized ear sleeves for the hardware, similar to the approach used by Motorola and Bragi."

The headphones will be sold separately from the iPhone 7, representing "a premium alternative" to a new version of Apple's EarPods, Gurman predicts.

Apple design

As crazy as it may seem for Apple to ditch the headphone jack, it's definitely a move that fits the company's persistent pursuit of sleeker, thinner, and simpler designs.

In 1998, Apple controversially ditched the floppy disk drive when it launched the iMac G3. Just three years ago the company began a transition away from its 30-pin connector in favor of the Lightning connector. Then, of course, there's Apple's gradual shift away from disc drives across all of its computers. And, more recently, Apple even combined USB and power ports with its USB-C port on its new MacBook.

Further, ditching the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 would be in line with the company's practice of launching its new flagship phone with an overhauled exterior design every other year. For instance, the iPhone 4, 5, and 6 all had different form factors than their predecessors, while the iPhone 4s, 5s, and 6s, sustained their predecessors' form factors.

The iPhone 7 is particularly important for Apple. After guiding for low-single-digit revenue growth for its holiday quarter, its proving difficult for the company to live up to its successful fiscal 2015, which included the launch of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. 2 Reasons Why China's Macro Woes Won't Affect Apple, Inc. as Much as You Think The market certainly woke up on the wrong side of the bed for 2016, and most fingers are pointed to troubling macro-economic data out of China along with The Middle Kingdom's brutal market sell-off. The Shanghai Composite Index is already down 10% year to date, and it's only been a week. You probably also saw those headlines about the day that the Chinese market was only open for less than 30 minutes before circuit breakers (which have since been suspended) were triggered, ending the day down 7%.

Meanwhile, pessimism surrounding Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) continues to build as well, in part because China is such an important market for the Mac maker. But there are two important reasons why all of the China-related storylines won't affect Apple as much as you might think.

China's stock market participation is very low

It's true that China's stock market is largely dominated by retail investors instead of institutional investors (a stark contrast to the U.S.), with an estimated 90% of all capital accounts owned by retail investors. Chinese investors also tend to be short-term traders instead of long-term investors, which contributed to heightened volatility.

But it's also true that overall stock market participation is fairly low in China, so the gyrations aren't directly affecting the average consumer. For example, the Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in Chengdu conducts a regular China Household Finance Survey led by professor Gan Li. According to the survey, just 6% of households in China owned stock during the first quarter of 2015.

So while the volatility of the Chinese stock market makes for some panicky headlines, the average Chinese consumer's discretionary spending and income is just fine. They can still go out and buy that iPhone.

China's slowing GDP growth is not affecting the mainstream consumer

The other recurring theme is China's slowing macroeconomy, as evidenced by decelerating GDP growth rates. But again, these GDP figures aren't directly translating into reduced income or spending on the consumer level. Quite the contrary, in fact.

Much of China's GDP growth over the past decade has been driven by investing and exports, but China's economy is now transitioning toward consumer consumption, which will only benefit consumer-oriented companies like Apple. Consider per-household annual consumption by category from 2005, along with forecasts through 2030, where discretionary categories are growing the fastest:

Or consider the fact that Apple's China business has grown incredibly against a backdrop of slowing GDP:

The rising middle class in China won't be stopped, and that's good news for Apple. 
2016-12-13
Can Apple Become An Innovator Once Again? It's no surprise. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) have underperformed the broader market year over year posting a modest 2.1% return compared to the 12.85% year-over-year return posted by the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (NYSEARCA:SPY). After nearly a decade of being known as the hottest stock on the market, Apple has run into a less than stellar year. Sales have declined, the Apple car project hasn't gone according to plan, and a brush-up with the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) earlier in the year over a denial to unlock Syed Farook's iPhone (famed San Bernardino public shooter) are among some of the internal issues the Cupertino, California-based tech giant has dealt with in 2016. Then along came the election of Donald Trump, much to the dismay of Apple executives. Trump has vowed to put pressure on Apple to create jobs in the U.S. Apple currently employs roughly 110,000 compared to the 1.6 million employed by its suppliers and foreign manufacturing partners - a number Trump is not pleased with and campaigned on using his power to raise. So, Apple has faced its fair share of issues in 2016, but 2017 is looking more promising. Repatriation of capital, tax reform and a newly redesigned iPhone 8 could drive sales, profits and investor confidence back in record numbers. On top of that, Apple has one more trick up its sleeve.

Declining Sales, Leadership and Innovation

After posting consistent sales growth since the introduction of the iPod in 2001, it seems like the death of the founder and Apple innovator Steve Jobs is catching up to the company. During his latter tenure, Jobs headed up Apple as it introduced the iPod, iPhone, iPad and new lines of MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro laptops which became the industry's best-selling notebook computers. Who can forget the way the MacBook Air was introduced? A laptop thin enough to fit inside a manila envelope. Since Jobs's passing in 2011, the company has struggled to introduce the revolutionary type of new products Jobs had become notorious for having a keen eye for. While the company has refreshed devices such as the iPhone and the MacBook Pro in 2016, updates to product lines are seen as too little too late by some investors and have had mixed reviews from fans. An iPhone 7 featuring no aesthetic difference from its predecessor and a line of notebooks with a subpar keyboard and elimination of Apple's MagSafe power adapter (which has saved my own laptop from a few too many crash and burns) are just some of the complaints you can find online from Apple loyalists who wonder why innovation has slowed. Despite attempts to introduce new products and services such as the Apple Watch, sales of Apple products introduced after the passing of Jobs account for only a fraction of total sales, as seen below. While service revenues are increasing, Apple's exposure to competitors such as Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) poses a real threat of market share loss if Apple falls behind introducing new innovations quickly enough.

In 2015, Apple's revenues rose to $233.7 billion, up 28% from 2014. Apple's net income was $53.4 billion, a whopping 35% increase of 2014's $39.5 billion. Despite that, shares of AAPL ended the year down 2.8, mostly due to declining iPhone sales. For 2016, analysts are expecting revenue to fall 2.7% to $227.4 billion. The decline in revenue is the first the company has witnessed in 13 years, posing the honest question of what does Apple have to do to turn things back around?

What President-elect Trump Has Planned for Apple

This week, top executives from Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple, Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) are set to meet with President-elect Donald Trump after strongly opposing his candidacy during election season. Trump has vowed to place tariffs of up to 35% on tech firms who have shifted what was left of their U.S. manufacturing base over to China over the last decade to take advantage of low labor costs. The rhetoric is of concern to Apple in particular who Trump has called out by name on a number of occasions, vowing to use his power to make Apple build iPhones in the U.S. Apple executives and investors are concerned with Trump's plans, which is the primary reason tech stocks have seemingly been left behind in the Trump rally.

But a Trump presidency isn't all bad news for Apple. Trump has vowed to allow repatriation of hundreds of billions of dollars that Apple has stores overseas at a reduced tax rate. The idea is cuts to corporate tax rates and manufacturing regulations coupled with repatriation of capital will spur investments in U.S. manufacturing plants, which I've already discussed as being highly unlikely. The focus of this week's meeting tech executives meeting with Trump will be jobs - the primary goal Trump set during his candidacy. Where we stand right now, the U.S. labor participation rate is near its lowest levels since 1978, something Trump has vowed to do all in his power to increase. So, 2016 has brought new economic and political pressures onto Apple executives that they simply haven't dealt with during the last decade.

Apple's Plans For 2017

2017 will mark a number of milestones for Apple. First and foremost, the iPhone's 10-year anniversary has fans expecting a significant update to the design and functionality of the smartphone. As of now, rumors include speculation about features such as wireless charging, an all-glass casing, and a curved screen. Suppliers are reportedly getting ready to churn out a whopping 150 million iPhones in the latter half of 2017. A sharp increase over the 120 million iPhone 6 models produced in 2014. While the company does seem to expect to sell more iPhones than ever before, investors haven't yet bit the bullet. All the speculated features can already be found in other phones such as the Samsung Galaxy line and Alphabet's Pixel. The company will need to do more than just rely on the cyclical nature of bi-annual phone upgrades to get investors and laymen alike to think of Apple once again as an innovator of consumer electronics. Competition is on the rise as well putting pressure on Apple to really make this one a hit. Aside from a new iPhone, Apple is planning a refreshed line of iMac desktop all-in-one computers although iMacs account for only a small margin of Apple's total sales.

So, the questions facing investors are: Can Apple innovate once again? Can the company rekindle its revolutionary spirit - the spirit led by Steve Jobs? Can it once again become a tech disruptor rather than a go along to get along type of organization? Facing political pressure, declining sales and a lack of innovative new products, how is Apple going to realize and implement emerging new technologies? The answer may come from an unlikely source.

Apple's Future May Lie in SoftBank's Tech Fund

According to recent reports, Apple is considering making a billion-dollar investment in SoftBank's (OTCPK:SFTBY) tech fund. If the company can come to terms with SoftBank, Apple could use the tech fund to gain insight into emerging technologies which, in turn, may help the company implement emerging technologies into consumer devices at a faster pace. Currently, SoftBank's tech fund is the largest in the world worth roughly $100 billion. Apple could use insight from the tech fund to gain much-needed foresight into future trends in artificial intelligence, virtual and augmented reality and battery technology - areas competitors like Samsung are seemingly years ahead of Apple in.

This wouldn't be the first time Apple and SoftBank have partnered up. SoftBank was the first telecommunications company in Japan to sell Apple's iPhone, which spurred various business deals between the two ever since. SoftBank recently confirmed the company would invest $25 billion into its Vision Fund to make investments in the technology sector worldwide. Additionally, the company is currently in the process of finalizing a deal with a tech fund backed by the government of Saudi Arabia estimated to be worth somewhere near $45 billion. Furthermore, recent news has SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son pledging to invest $50 billion of the fund into the U.S. - a move that came after meeting with President-elect Trump, which could create as many as 50,000 new jobs in the U.S.

The Bottom Line

Apple has run into a bit of a rough patch in 2016. A showdown with the FBI over breaking iPhone encryption, an Apple car research and development project that may never come to light, declining revenue for the first time in 13 years, and the election of Donald Trump whom the company outspokenly opposed has facilitated serious year-over-year underperformance. Since the passing of founder Steve Jobs, the company has struggled to hold onto its title as the leading consumer electronics innovator. Products introduced after the death of Jobs have struggled to catch on. Along came the election of Donald Trump and brought a whole new set of political and financial pressures onto the company. Apple must return to what made the company great - understanding what customers want before customers want it. Apple is hoping the deal with SoftBank's tech fund can give the company much needed insight into emerging technology trends. That, in turn, could allow Apple to once again be a step ahead of its competition. What Apple's Rare Misstep Means To Investors The situation serves as a reminder of why the company keeps things so close to its vest and usually doesn t rush into new areas just to be in the space.

Apple rarely makes that kind of miscalculation and while it hasn t really impacted overall sales (yet) it does put a dent in the company s usually impenetrable armor.

The problem is the product s ship date had been delayed to the point that Apple ran the risk of the item not being available for the holidays.

Apple this year announced they were getting rid of the earphone jack on its iPhone to help introduce tiny wireless Bluetooth AirPods.

Apple has always been on the cutting edge of innovation even if that means carrying the public for the ride while they are kicking and screaming.

[Note: This article was updated at 12:00 p.m. Eastern 12/13/2016 to reflect Apple's release of wireless earbuds.]

Not that long ago rumors were swirling that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was on the verge of a game-changer in the music field, axing the headphone jack.

A staple of mobile music listening since the invention of the Walkman, the backlash was expected, but the company's proposed new method of hearing your downloaded files was supposed to be the wave of the future.

Of course, that is if it ever hits stores.

As a bit of a refresher, Apple unveiled its AirPods a few months ago. The idea being that these tiny wireless Bluetooth ear buds would replace the traditional wired method. The goal was to have them in stores not long after the newest iPhones, but that didn't happen. Now it is December and it took until TODAY for these actually go on sale.

Here's the thing about Apple - they rarely slip up. The company runs a tight ship that rolls out advancement after advancement that turns the industry on its head. As a result when confronted by those critical, the response is usually a variation of "this is where technology is going and you should get used to it." And we as a culture seem to just eventually adapt with no problem.

However even though Apple did put these on sale today, it st taken a few dings to its usually impenetrable armor. They haven't made a product release miscalculation like this in a while and it's coming at a bad time.

Regardless of the stock not being massively impacted (at the moment), this is an ego-bruising miss and don't forget this is an industry built on egos. Even now, reports are coming in that when products arrive, it will likely be in smaller quantities and sell out when they do. That will lead to back orders, which is not something Apple wants heading deeper into the holidays.

Again until today that was even assuming AirPods would hit stores this holiday. Call it marketing, call it planning, call it whatever you want - the point is Apple missed the original window.

For Apple to make this bold of a move and not be able to supply the products needed to pull it off is something that must keep its executives up at night. This is Apple  things like this don't happen. The reason for the delay is reportedly a handful of problems with the Pods themselves including ensuring one doesn't run out of battery before the other and one will work if a person loses the other (which let's be real - will happen).

Why I find it so interesting is that you would think these are issues that would have been solved before unveiling them to the public, especially given what a massive change they were supposed to represent. These aren't small bugs that could be worked out at the last minute and even if they were at one point - they aren't so small anymore.

Now to be clear, here's what will likely happen. When these Pods hit stores, they will be successful and eventually the delay will be a minor footnote in their history. We can take shots at Apple all day long and that's not going to change. As I've said, this is Apple and it plays by a different set of rules other companies couldn't get away with if they tried.

Ironically though, there is a small silver lining here as this actually helps justify Apple's hesitation to enter into certain other fields - specifically streaming TV. As I've written about in the past, Apple has long been associated with trying to start a Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX)-type service with its own original content. The problem is that its executives haven't been able to work it out the way they apparently wanted.

Prior reports have surfaced that Apple's notorious "hands on" approach has scared away potential partners. As a result, their quest has been stymied for the short term and the focus has instead shifted to smaller deals designed to run on Apple Music.

Common sense also dictates it is much smarter for Apple to wait until the time is right to make this push as when you take a shot at a Netflix or Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN)-type service - it is best not to miss, even if this is Apple we are talking about. However, in the same vein, it has been made clear that investors would like a little more transparency so they don't feel strung along.

It is a very fine line to walk every quarter, let alone every day.

Keep in mind the AirPods' fiasco is not the end of Apple and it's foolish to even think that, but it is still a big enough reminder of the high stakes in play. Missing a product launch is one thing but rolling out an inferior product would be much worse.

We may be anxious to see what Apple has on deck, but this is a good reminder of why the company is so careful  most of the time.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple: Are You Paying Attention?  Apple said airpods are available to order online now from apple.com  
2016-04-05
Report: Top Apple Inc. Analyst Predicts Lackluster iPhone 7 Sales KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is quite well plugged in to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) supply chain, released a new research note (via MacRumors) in which he puts out some predictions around the iPhone 7 series.

First of all, he claims that the iPhone 7 series will feature a "similar form factor as iPhone 6s & 6s Plus," suggesting that the iDevice maker won't make significant changes to the appearance and usability of the device.

Next, he claims that the most significant change to the new device will be the inclusion of dual cameras, though this feature -- as he reported previously -- will be exclusive to the larger 5.5-inch.

Kuo warns, though, that because Apple's competition will beat the iDevice maker to the introduction of dual cameras in their respective flagships, the feature may not have the wow factor when it is introduced.

All told, the well-connected analyst thinks that for 2016 iPhone shipments will fall within 190 million to 210 million units, with sales likely falling below the 200 million-unit mark. He also believes that iPhone 7 series sales will trail those for the already disappointing iPhone 6s/6s Plus series.

If true, that's bad news for Apple

The relative failure of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus in the marketplace was largely believed to be due to the fact that, although Apple introduced significant internal/performance enhancements, it didn't do much to make the phones look better. The industrial design remained largely the same and the display panels remained unchanged.

Many investors and industry observers have expected and/or hoped that Apple would bring more substantial changes with the iPhone 7 series devices in order to spur upgrades. However, if the iPhone 7/7 Plus is largely similar to the iPhone 6s/6s Plus but with a headline feature that's exclusive to the iPhone 7 Plus, then that doesn't bode well for the iDevice maker's business prospects and ultimately stock price over the next year.

The problem with once-per-year flagship launches

I think that the iPhone 6s/6s Plus exposed a fundamental flaw in Apple's product release strategy. If the company's annual product release is a big hit, then it can easily reap the rewards of that product for the entire fiscal year.

However, if its "next big thing" turns out to be a dud (as in the case of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus), shareholders are forced to spend at least a year in proverbial purgatory, waiting for the next product cycle to potentially drive gains.

One could, of course, point to the fact that Apple launched the iPhone SE to try to help things along a bit, and the product is quite interesting, but it's not going to sell in the kinds of volumes to ultimately make up for a lackluster pair of flagship devices.

Wait for additional iPhone 7 specs to hit

Although Kuo is well respected, I think it's important for investors to wait for additional information about the specifications of the iPhone 7 to come out. As I noted in a prior article, there are a number of avenues of improvement that Apple can pursue that, in aggregate, could make for a substantially better phone that could help fuel upgrades and ultimately demand. What the LG G5 May Tell Us About the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Plus It is well known that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) won't be switching to OLED-based displays with the iPhone 7/7 Plus phones that are set to launch this year; KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo says that the first OLED iPhone will arrive in the 2017 timeframe, complete with an all-new industrial design.

However, just because Apple won't be moving to an OLED display this year doesn't mean that the iDevice maker won't bring a significant improvement in display performance to its upcoming flagships. After seeing a review of the recently released LG G5 -- a flagship packing an LCD -- it's clear what sorts of advancements we will see with the iPhone 7 Plus' display.

Big contrast ratio boost; brightness jump

According to Apple, the display on the iPhone 6s Plus features a typical contrast ratio of 1300:1 and a typical max brightness of 500 nits. At the time that the iPhone 6 Plus launched (the 6s Plus carries over the same display from the 6 Plus), this was quite respectable for a high-end LCD.

These days, though, it's pretty dated.

The LG G5 -- according to a review from Phone Arena -- delivers some very seriously impressive performance numbers. Measured contrast ratio comes in at a very solid 2220:1, a significant boost from what the iPhone 6s Plus' display comes in at. Maximum brightness in nits measures in at 816 nits, which is quite impressive.

Given what LG was able to achieve here, I have little doubt that Apple -- which tends to deliver very impressive displays with its "new number" iPhones -- will be able to meet or exceed the display specifications seen with the LG G5 -- at least with its higher-end iPhone 7 Plus.

A display resolution jump, too

The iPhone 6 Plus/6s Plus feature displays with 1920x1080 resolutions. Given that LG was able to pack a quad-HD (2560x1440) LCD with excellent contrast and very high brightness into a phone with "just" a 2800 mAh battery (the iPhone 6s Plus has a 2715 mAh battery; iPhone 7 Plus will likely be larger), I have little doubt that Apple will increase the resolution on the iPhone 7 Plus' display to 2208x1242 (the native rendering resolution on the iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus).

This should be a solid update ahead of the OLED iPhone

Although I must admit to be extremely excited for the rumored follow-on to the iPhone 7 Plus, which is expected to come with a curved OLED display, the iPhone 7 Plus should be a solid upgrade over the current iPhones.

With a new, much better LCD, thinner body, better internals, and probably a much better camera subsystem, the iPhone 7 Plus/Pro phones should be a nice upgrade for users with iPhone 6-class iPhones or older. The new OLED-packing iPhone in 2017 should be a big enough advance to grab iPhone 6s owners and holdouts with older generation iPhones.

The innovation from Apple will accelerate

Over time, I believe that Apple will bring innovations to its new phones, whether it be in displays or elsewhere, at an extremely rapid clip -- far faster than it has in the past. This level of innovation will be necessary in order to combat the effects of "good enough" iPhones.

Make no mistake: convincing people to upgrade from phones like the iPhone 6-series and beyond is going to become increasingly tough. Apple's marketing and engineering teams have significant challenges ahead of them in the coming years, and it will be interesting to see if Apple can succeed where its competition has failed. A New Dividend Policy For Apple Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock price has been moving up over the last weeks, due to an improving outlook for the second quarter and the rest of the year, as the new iPhone SE seems to be a hit and focus is increasingly shifting away from the iPhone 6s and towards the coming iPhone 7. Apple has stated that the company would announce a new shareholder returns strategy in the near future, and in this article I'll look at a way Apple could act in order to increase shareholder value.

Let's first take a look at Apple's financials:

Apple produced free cash flows of $63 billion over the last year, and has a cash pile of $216 billion on its balance sheet (consisting of $178 billion in long-term investments and $38 billion in short-term investments and cash). Apple has paid out $37 billion to its shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and $12 billion in the form of dividends (for total shareholder returns of $49 billion).

We know that $200 billion of these $216 billion Apple has in cash are located overseas, which means that these cash amounts are not easily available for shareholder returns in the form of dividends or share repurchases (but could be used to make acquisitions, as long as the target is not headquartered in the US).

So far Apple has used another tactic to keep paying large amounts to its shareholders: Apple issues bonds in the US and uses the cash proceeds to pay for dividends and stock buybacks (in addition to the cash flows the company generates in the US). Since Apple has a huge cash position and rather low debt (and interest rates are low in general), the debt Apple issues is cheap and the interest expenses do not really hurt Apple's bottom line (especially since the cash Apple holds offshore also produces interest income).

Apple could, however, also choose to repatriate the cash the company holds offshore, which would mean Apple would have to pay the taxes on said cash, but the company could then use this cash to increase shareholder returns.

Since the corporate tax rate in the US is 40%, Apple would be able to net $120 billion from its $200 billion in offshore cash, which, in combination with the $16 billion in US cash Apple holds on its balance sheet, would equal $136 billion Apple could spend on shareholder returns (or other things), excluding any future cash flows. This means the cash that would be immediately available for shareholder returns is equal to 22% of Apple's market capitalization of $610 billion. Apple hasn't done so in the past, but Apple hasn't had a cash pile this large relative to the company's market capitalization ever: At the end of 2014, Apple's cash position relative to its market capitalization stood at 24%, at the end of 2013 the cash position relative to its market capitalization stood at 29% and at the end of 2012 its cash position relative to the company's market capitalization stood at 24% - right now Apple's cash position relative to its market capitalization stands at 36%, which is the highest level ever by far. I thus believe it is more likely that Apple will utilize its huge cash pile (including repatriating its overseas cash) now, as its cash pile is much bigger now than it ever was before, in relative terms as well as in absolute terms.

Apple returns a lot of cash to its shareholders, mainly in the form of share repurchases, but this approach hasn't been very successful in generating higher share prices, as Apple's share price is down 10% over the last year. I thus believe a different approach could be viable: Increasing the dividend substantially, and at the same time repatriating Apple's offshore cash to keep funding share repurchases for the near future. If Apple repatriated its offshore cash, the company would have $136 billion available right now (as explained above), we can further assume that Apple has at least $50 billion a year available for shareholder returns for the foreseeable future. What could Apple do with this budget?

Year Cash position Cash generation Cash use Dividends Buybacks 2016 $130 billion $50 billion $76 billion $22 billion $54 billion 2017 $104 billion $50 billion $76 billion $24 billion $52 billion 2018 $78 billion $50 billion $76 billion $26 billion $50 billion 2019 $52 billion $50 billion $76 billion $28 billion $48 billion 2020 $26 billion $50 billion $76 billion $30 billion $46 billion

For Apple's shareholder returns I propose that Apple returns the $130 billion in cash the company would have after repatriating its offshore cash, as well as $50 billion in available cash flow to its owners over the next five years. This means that Apple could return $76 billion to its owners each year. I propose an annual dividend payout of $22 billion (which would equal about $4.00 per share in annual dividends), and that Apple increases the total dividend amount by $2 billion (or about 10%) each year. The rest of the available cash will be used to fund share repurchases. Over the next years the dividend would thus become more important, and the amount of share repurchases would decline relative to the amount spent on dividends.

Apple's investors would not only see their dividends growing by 10% annually though, since the shrinking share count means that per share dividends would grow at a faster pace than total dividends:

Year Shares outstanding Total dividends Dividend per share 2016 5.56 billion $22 billion $3.96 2017 5.06 billion $24 billion $4.74 2018 4.63 billion $26 billion $5.62 2019 4.25 billion $28 billion $6.58 2020 3.92 billion $30 billion $7.65 2021 3.62 billion $30 billion $8.28

With the company's share buybacks averaging about $50 billion a year using the model from above, Apple's number of shares declines substantially over that time frame (for the amount of shares retired I used a constant market capitalization of $610 billion, i.e. share price increases are factored in). Through a combination of rising overall dividend payments and a declining number of shares, Apple's dividend would grow by 16% annually over the next years, reaching more than $8 in 2021. This is a very substantial dividend increase over the next years, almost four times the payout we have right now, and yet this should be very financeable for Apple. For the model I assumed $50 billion in available cash flows each year and no growth at all. After the huge cash position is used up, Apple could then choose to keep the dividend payout at $30 billion annually and return the rest of its free cash flows to shareholders via share repurchases (which would mean per share dividends would keep growing).

Why would shareholders benefit from such a move? There are two reasons:

First, Apple would become vastly more attractive for dividend (growth) investors, as the payout for 2016 would almost double and the dividend growth rate over the next years would be a lot higher than it was over the past years as well. This means that those who hold Apple for the income will see far greater results than they expected, and dividend growth investors who didn't hold the company's shares before would likely be interested in buying Apple's shares.

Second, those looking for capital appreciation would be pleased with such a move as well: They get ample share repurchases (at a higher level than in the past years), which means a shifting demand-supply situation and thus higher share prices, and the influx of income investors would result in higher share prices as well. We have seen this effect when Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) changed its dividend policy earlier this year (and announced higher share repurchases), boosting its payout by 25% (versus about 10% a year in the past), which resulted in share prices rallying almost 30% from this year's lows.

The surge in demand for Cisco's shares was not surprising (and neither would it be surprising if Apple's share price rallied after a substantial dividend increase), as the market is starving for yield in the current environment. 30-year treasury bonds yield just 2.7% right now, which in many cases is not sufficient to generate the income retirees, pension funds etc. require, thus an increasing number of investors (institutional and retail) are shifting towards dividend growth stocks. We have seen this effect not only in Cisco's shares, which rallied 30% after a new dividend policy was announced, but we see this effect in other income stocks as well:

Over the last year the S&P 500 index is essentially flat (up 0.23%), but consumer companies with strong dividend yields and reliable dividend growth are up a lot over the same time: Coca Cola (NYSE:KO) grew 15%, Altria (NYSE:MO) grew 23%, Philip Morris (NYSE:PM) grew 29%, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) grew 38% and McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) grew 33%.

The vast outperformance of these stocks versus the broad market can (at least partially) be blamed on the fact that the market is looking for attractive dividend growth/income stocks, which operate in consumer industries and are thus less cyclical than other sectors (e.g. energy). With an increased dividend and faster dividend growth, as well as its strong cash generation and consumer focus, Apple would fit the needs of these income investors and would thus be attractive as well, which means that Apple's shares would likely show substantial gains as well (as a new class of investors enters the stock in an increasing amount).

The proposed shift in capital returns towards higher dividends in addition to utilizing Apple's cash pile would thus mean that income investors as well as those looking for capital appreciation would likely be happy with the results, whereas Apple has been a rather unimpressive investment for both groups over the last year (as the income generated from Apple's shares is low, and additionally investors did not see any capital gains).

Apple could, however, also choose to keep its overseas cash position where it is, and instead increase borrowing up to the point where its overseas cash pile is as big as its debt position. In this case Apple would have about the same amount of cash available for shareholder returns (and could thus follow the plan laid out above), the interest expenses on its debt position would roughly be paid for by the interest income Apple earns with its overseas cash position (i.e. this would not affect Apple's bottom line).

There is also the possibility of a tax holiday in the near future, which would allow Apple to repatriate its foreign cash amounts at a rate far below the one the company would have to pay right now. Republican front runner Trump wants to establish a 10% repatriation tax on offshore cash, and democrats are not avoiding the idea either: Bill Clinton stated he likes the idea of a 10% repatriation tax as well. If there is indeed a tax holiday in the near future, Apple could repatriate its offshore cash at a lower cost, and shareholder returns could turn out to be even higher than projected in the above scenario (which I did with the goal of being conservative).

Takeaway

Apple's cash position hasn't been this large ever before, neither in relative terms nor in absolute terms. Since it does not make a lot of sense to grow the overseas cash position endlessly, I believe Apple could repatriate this cash in order to boost its shareholder returns.

By utilizing its huge overseas cash balance, Apple could prop up shareholder returns substantially over the next years: I believe a combination of a huge dividend increase this year in combination with ongoing dividend growth and share repurchases until Apple's offshore cash balance is used up would be very beneficial for those looking for income from their Apple investments as well as for those seeking capital appreciation.

Past examples (i.e. Cisco earlier this year) have shown that huge dividend increases (even if the company does not have a history of hiking its dividend at a rate that fast) can jump-start a company's share price, and I believe the same could be true for Apple.

Apple could, however, also choose to not grow its dividend very fast this year, but at a fast rate for a couple of years, which would get the dividend to a high level in a couple of years as well (e.g. growing the dividend at 20% annually for five to ten years).

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-12-27
Why Apple Inc.'s Next iPad Pro Won't Be Delayed Due to Chip Yields DigiTimes recently published an article in which it said that both Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) and its archrival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) are seeing lower-than-expected manufacturing yield rates on their new 10-nanometer manufacturing technologies.

This, the report suggests, could have an impact on Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPads.

"TSMC is scheduled to start making Apple's A10X chips for the next-generation iPad series slated for launch in March 2017," the report says. DigiTimes, citing industry sources, explains that "unsatisfactory yields for the foundry's 10nm process could disrupt the schedule."

But I don't think Apple investors ought to worry too much about a potential iPad schedule slip due to 10nm yield woes. Here's why.

The iPad is low enough volume that low yields can be compensated for

In fiscal year 2016, Apple shipped 45.59 million iPad units, or just under 22% the number of iPhone units that it shipped during that time.

From a raw volume-shipment perspective, iPad is nowhere close to iPhone.

Furthermore, while Apple tends to see a massive mix shift toward its latest iPhone models when new ones are released, the shift toward the latest iPad models is unlikely to be as significant once new models are released.

Apple doesn't break down its unit shipments by individual model, but a recent report from market-research company IDC claimed that even with the iPad Pro (9.7-inch and 12.9-inch versions) on the market, "the iPad Air and Mini lines have been the models with mass appeal, accounting for more than two-thirds of [Apple's iPad] shipments this quarter."

It is unlikely that iPad models with 10nm A10X chips will account for the bulk of Apple's iPad sales in the quarters following the launches of the new devices; it's more likely that most of the iPad models that Apple ships will use older chips, manufactured in more mature 14/16-nanometer technologies.

So, if manufacturing yields on the 10nm A10X chip are low, this will only impact a fraction of Apple's total iPad volume shipments. And since the required volumes are so low, Apple might very well be able to compensate for low yields by simply having TSMC run more A10X wafers (and potentially having TSMC eat the increased costs associated with the lower-than-expected yields).

Even if the new iPads are delayed, so what?

Although I don't think a chip-related delay of the new iPad models is likely, it's important to put the relationship of Apple's iPad sales to Apple's overall business into perspective. Shipments of iPads are far dwarfed by iPhone shipments, and average selling prices on iPad models are generally much lower than they are on iPhone models.

That means that, in fiscal year 2016, iPad revenue made up -- and this figure is rounded up -- just 9.6% of the company's total revenue. Unless the tablet market can be fundamentally reinvigorated, which seems unlikely in the near term (Apple's iPad sales have continued to plunge even as it introduces solid new products), being a month or two late with new iPads just isn't going to make a lasting difference to Apple's financial performance. 1 Reason to Be Excited About Apple Inc.'s 2018 iMac Lineup Per Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning a mild refresh of its iMac line of desktop personal computers next year. On deck are next-generation central processing units, faster graphics processors, and the addition of USB-C ports, Gurman says.

In other words, a sensible set of upgrades and improvements, but nothing groundbreaking.

Although not much is known about the iMac computers that will follow the ones that Apple has planned for next year, there is one upgrade that could prove to be quite compelling in the 2018 iMac models -- at least to power users.

More processor cores

Since 2009, Apple's premium iMac computers have featured processors with up to four processing cores supplied by microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The processors Apple uses in the 2017 iMac models are likely to be Intel's seventh-generation Core processors. These chips will, just as their predecessors, also top out at four processor cores.

Of course, over the years, those processor cores have become more powerful, so performance has marched upward. However, in 2018, the desktop processor lineup that will be suitable for Apple's iMac systems, which goes by the name Coffee Lake, will feature up to six processor cores -- a 50% jump in core count from current offerings.

What this will mean to Mac buyers

An increase in core count should enable better performance in processor-intensive applications such as audio and video editing, and it should make multi-tasking smoother, especially with multiple processor intensive programs running in parallel.

The average consumer might not view more processor cores as a potential selling point, as the average consumer probably just buys a new system when his or her current system breaks or becomes too slow. However, what I think this might do is shift some prosumers or professional users away from entry-level configurations of Apple's Mac Pro, which can be configured with processors with six or more processor cores, and toward higher-end iMac models.

An iMac with a six core processors isn't going to be a suitable replacement for the Mac Pro in all use cases -- there's still a lot of stuff that Apple adds to the Mac Pro that would be tough to get into an all-in-one form factor, such as dual graphics cards. However, I suspect that for a non-trivial subset of potential Mac Pro buyers -- admittedly a small group to begin with -- the case for the Mac Pro will become tougher to make when 2018 rolls around, especially if Apple doesn't bother to update the Mac Pro soon.

Apple will need to update the Mac Pro to keep it relevant

Apple hasn't updated the Mac Pro in years. The current Mac Pro systems use Intel's Ivy Bridge-EP processors, which first made their debut in the latter half of 2013. Since then, the chipmaker has released not one but two successors to the Ivy Bridge-EP chips, Haswell-EP and then Broadwell-EP.

And, in mid-2017, Intel is expected to release the successor to Broadwell-EP, known as Skylake-EP.

It's not clear why Apple hasn't bothered to update this system. Perhaps Apple doesn't sell enough of them to justify the R&D investment to refresh the lineup rapidly. But if the company wants to keep this product line relevant, updating it sooner rather than later and then committing to keeping the systems fresh as new components arrive would be a good idea. Should Apple Manufacture In India?  5 Takeover Targets On Apple Inc. (AAPL) Wish List Apple holds the title as the most valuable firm in the world with a market cap of over $625 billion and profits surpassing $50 billion in any given year. Yet, Apple is a company at a crossroads. The outlook of its moneymaker, the iPhone, looks gloomy after 15 months of weakened sales and no breakthrough product releases. Meanwhile, sales from other products like Macbooks and iPads remain stagnant in this changing consumer environment that favors value channels. Over this time, Apple made several small acquisitions in newer technologies to offset the losses from its legacy business, but investors are now looking for Apple to make a splash with an acquisition of a larger well known company. Its $200 billion in cash hoarded overseas would more than cover the cost of names like AMD and Netflix.

Apple s Takeover Targets

Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Information Technology   Semiconductors

AMD made one of the biggest jumps this year in terms of fundamentals and stock performance. Shares nearly doubled over the past 12 months on a string of better than expected quarterly reports and record revenue growth. Its presence in GPU and CPU continued to challenge Nvidia and Intel s dominance but its the improvement in newer technologies like virtual reality and Internet of Things that pushed the chipmaker higher. If a sale happened, AMD would likely demand a huge premium from past years, but considering it s encouraging outlook, today s price will be a bargain 5 years down the road. Apple could use AMD to provide chips for its Macbook but also aid in developing new virtual reality and driverless car projects

Netflix (NFLX) Consumer Discretionary   Internet & Catalog Retail

Apple found early success in the music streaming business with the iPod and iTunes but its efforts to crack video streaming continue to fall flat. At the moment, Netflix and Amazon maintain a strong leader over the video space as many other services make half-hearted attempts at breaking through. Netflix in particular boasts a robust catalogue of original content and the fastest growing user base in the space, mainly due to its international efforts. Its abundantly clear where Netflix would be used within the Apple ecosystem. Every Apple device would come preloaded with Netflix making it the defacto video streaming service even above Amazon Instant Video.

Pandora (P) Information Technology   Internet Software & Services

While Apple was the first big mover in the music streaming space, its competitive advantage has been cut down in recent years. The recently launched Apple Music platforms pales in comparison to Pandora and Spotify in terms of active users and listening hours. An acquisition of either company would be a revival of the iTunes store but also add a layer of much needed revenue. Pandora makes more sense as a takeover target considering its weakened fundamentals and waning presence in the space. Apple could scoop up the streaming service on the cheap and turn it around to profitability.

Tesla (TSLA) Consumer Discretionary   Automobiles

Driverless cars are arguably the most closely watched technology today with many big names vying to release the first mainstream vehicle. But this hasn t come without problems. Uber recently took its first autonomous vehicle off the streets of San Francisco while Google tabled its plans to develop anything of the sort for the time being, putting Tesla in front of the driverless car race. Tesla maintains it will release enhanced self driving features across its fleet of models in the coming months. Apple was once believed to be developing an autonomous vehicle but those plans fell flat. An opportunity to re-enter this rapidly growing space would be a huge win for Apple. With a market cap just north of $30 billion Tesla is still in the realm of affordability for Apple but a takeover would need to occur sooner rather than later.

Activision Blizzard (ATVI) Information Technology   Software

Video games are the fastest growing form of entertainment, grossing more revenue than both the movie and music industries, therefore it s not surprising that many video game publishers also make great investments. However, there is one name that stands out from the rest. Activision continues to reach new heights each quarter thanks to the success of its original PC and console games but also mobile content. The acquisition of King Digital, maker of Candy Crush, last year catapulted Activision to the front of the mobile gaming space. Apple could immediately leverage Activision s growing fan base and strengthening fundamentals for its own success. That said, it seems as though Apple would embrace new technologies like those referred to above before dipping into video games.

How do you think these names will report this season? Be included in the Estimize consensus by contributing your estimates here!

Article by Estimize Defining Apple's Domestic And International Tax Situation The U.S. and China trade-relations issue and concerns over tariffs seem overblown, as Apple can mitigate some of the risks in this scenario.

However, upon the United States lowering the corporate tax rate, Apple's average tax rate would drop to 15% (even if international earnings moved to a 12.5% Irish tax rate).

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is heavily exposed to political outcomes coming out of this election cycle, but that doesn't make it an uncompelling investment, as much of the arguments against a Trump presidency hinged on whether it would in fact derail trade relationships with China via a tariff.

Upon weighing the possible outcomes and putting together a detailed article explaining the various methods in which Trump could improve the trade deficit without relying on domestic manufacturing, I get the impression that Trump won't levy a trade tariff. Furthermore, Wilbur Ross (Trump's Commerce Secretary) mentioned that the tariff would be a last resort. I believe negative catalysts in the form of trade and on-shoring of manufacturing while a legitimate risk factor has been weighed too heavily in comparison to the upcoming iPhone replacement cycle (iPhone 8).

Addressing the elephant in the room

I'm less concerned about the negative headwinds already priced into the stock from the incoming presidency, and more concerned with multi-year sales/earnings drivers as a result of product execution, and whether Apple can productively utilize cash from overseas accounts after removing the "indefinitely reinvested cash classification," which would result in a cash repatriation event, resulting in a headwind to GAAP earnings, unless if tax impacts were reclassified for the accompanying fiscal years in which earnings were actually generated.

Apple specifies in its 10-K 2016 Annual Filing the amount of cash held in foreign subsidiaries (page 55):

"As of September 24, 2016, and September 26, 2015, $216.0 billion and $186.9 billion, respectively, of the Company's cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income taxation on repatriation to the U.S."

With the corporate tax holiday reported at 10%, the negative headwind would amount to $21.6 billion in taxes paid in a single fiscal year on $216 billion in cash retrieved from foreign accounts.

So, unless if those taxes are redistributed over the course of five to seven years, the diluted EPS figure could experience a one-time headwind in the form of Apple's looming $21.6 billion tax bill. However, Apple would (most likely) put the cash to great use in the form of share buybacks/dividend increase, accelerated development into new technologies (autonomous driving, AR displays, and battery technology), and some big corporate acquisitions.

That being the case, I've conducted a thorough overview of the European Union tax situation in a separate article several months ago, and have come away with the impression that if Apple's tax rate were to move to the Irish tax code, the impact would not just extend to EU earnings, but perhaps the remainder of the world. Japan is the only major geographic reporting segment that Apple pays the standard corporate tax rate due to Japan's "Anti-Tax Haven Measure Act."

Furthermore, the United States provides a corporate tax credit up to the U.S. corporate tax rate, which means that Apple will pay at most 10%, and would not suffer double taxation, so any excess taxes paid to foreign government would not factor in the calculated taxes owed to the IRS.

I estimate Apple's foreign tax rate (excl. Japan) was 0.8%. However, upon including Japan, Apple's foreign tax payments were $2.98 billion on $52.664 billion in international operating income, which translates into an international tax rate of approx. 5.65% (based on FY'15 numbers).

So, what's the most realistic scenario?

Source: Raymond James

In a scenario in which AAPL were to experience a 15% U.S. tax rate, it would still lower the corporate average tax rate, as the imposed increases of EU taxes to 12.5% are still below the reduced tax rate of the United States. Therefore, Apple would likely gain the benefit of an international tax credit, limiting the average corporate tax rate to just 15%. That implies that Apple's current 25.5% tax rate in FY'16 would be lowered a full 10.5 percentage points regardless of whether the EU successfully imposes a 12.5% corporate tax rate based on Irish tax code.

I find it highly unlikely that Apple will negotiate its way out of the imposed 12.5% tax rate the EU Commissioner is after, but the company could at least mitigate the back-owed taxes. In other words, there's a high possibility that it could settle the tax issue by keeping the tax benefits from the Irish loophole from past tax reporting years, and instead phase in the 12.5% (standard corporate Irish tax rate) in future tax reporting years, as a potential compromise.

Apple could come up with some great legal arguments, but one would be dubious to assume that the EU would allow a member state to leverage the trade treaties of the EU while also permitting a less than 1% corporate average tax rate on EU region earnings.

Therefore, I walk away with the impression that of the above scenarios suggested by Raymond James, the 15% U.S. tax rate, cash repatriation holiday, shift towards U.S. manufacturing, and 12.5% Euro tax rate to be the most realistic scenario when combined.

Of course, I don't necessarily agree with the modeled impact of those events, as the 15% corporate tax rate would sufficiently negate the earnings headwind of a Euro tax increase to 12.5%, as the two taxes wouldn't stack on top of each other. Furthermore, Apple would likely shift international earnings back to the United States, as there would be a very marginal difference in diluted EPS if it were to keep the cash abroad.

In other words, assuming the U.S. corporate tax rate reaches near parity with Ireland and the EU successfully imposes the 12.5% rate, it's likely that Apple would repatriate all foreign earnings back to the United States in future years, and would pay an average corporate tax rate of around 15%.

But what about manufacturing?

The increase to manufacturing costs by shifting production to the United States would be a headwind to earnings, but a trade war with China still seems unlikely. It's likely that Apple would mitigate risks of a trade war via on-shoring of production should the need materialize.

Here's what Raymond James mentioned in its latest note regarding on-shoring of Apple's manufacturing:

"Labor expense is a bit of a rounding error for most consumer electronics products, maybe 2-4% of COGS for final assembly/test/QA based on companies we surveyed, so we suspect the added costs would be much more around regulatory costs, less labor productivity, increased capital spending, and lower yields rather than higher wages."

A modest increase to bill of materials seems probable, but the financial impact could easily be mitigated in future years where Apple's service/app store revenues comprise a much higher percentage of corporate earnings/sales. Therefore, I don't anticipate the gross margin figure to decline assuming a continued ramp in higher gross margin categories, as service/app store net revenue is estimated to be a 90%+ gross margin business.

Final thoughts

I come away with the impression that Apple is still in the "exploration phase," and has yet to make serious moves to build iPhone, MacBook and iPad assembly lines. Of course, that could always change if Apple and other tech companies could get Congress to pass a budget to help incentivize large companies to develop manufacturing capabilities in the United States.

Furthermore, Apple could produce a higher return on capital from repatriated cash than what investors may anticipate in future years, and may go on a flurry of acquisitions to build upon its high-margin service/software business.

The EU tax situation is still years away from resolution, and a reduction to the U.S. corporate tax rate is unlikely to materialize within the first year of Trump's presidency. Therefore, I'd hold off on adjusting financial models to reflect the impact from shifts in corporate tax rates globally. Furthermore, I'd be skeptical of U.S. and Chinese trade relations worsening too significantly.

Therefore, I anticipate the impact to Apple in FY'17 to be limited to F/X volatility, which will reduce sales/earnings as opposed to any material changes in taxes.

I'll implement the impact from future tax changes in my financial model when an appropriate moment materializes. For now, I reiterate my bullish view on Apple and still view it as a long-term buy.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-10-25
Apple Inc is developing its car operating system in Ottawa, using former ... Apple has dozens of software engineers in Canada building a car operating system, a rare move for a company that often houses research and development projects close to its Cupertino, California headquarters, according to people familiar with the matter.

Many of the engineers working in Canada were hired over the past year and about two dozen came from BlackBerry Ltd. s QNX, a leading automotive software provider, the people said. They asked not to be identified discussing details of a secret project.

The engineers now work at an Apple office in the Ottawa suburb of Kanata, about a five-minute walk from QNX, the people said. Apple targeted QNX employees because of their experience developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management, a former QNX executive said. An Apple spokesman declined to comment.

Related

The most notable Apple hire from QNX was its chief executive officer, Dan Dodge. Since joining Apple s Project Titan car initiative early this year, he s taken on a larger role overseeing the car operating system, splitting his time between Canada and California, the people said. Another notable addition is Derrick Keefe, who left QNX last year after more than a decade as a senior engineer, one of the people said.

The car operating system is the software core of a future Apple car platform, in the same way iOS powers the iPhone. A separate Apple team is developing software that would guide future self-driving cars and run on the operating system, one of the people said.

The autonomous software was only one of many features once planned to run on the car operating system. For example, Apple engineers envisioned a heads-up display showing apps such as maps that could be manipulated by the company s voice-based digital assistant Siri, according to a person familiar with the matter.

The fate of these features depends on Project Titan s overall strategic direction. Bob Mansfield, who took over the project in April, has given engineers a deadline of next fall to prove the self-driving technology before deciding on next steps, people familiar with the matter have said.

Other Project Titan teams include a self-driving platform simulation group, according to one of the people familiar with the situation. Apple has developed simulators that use virtual reality to test the self-driving software without taking the system onto public roads. That team now includes VR expert Doug Bowman, another person said. He joined Apple in January, according to the Financial Times.

Apple s moves are a blow to BlackBerry, which often singles out QNX as a key source of future growth. The QNX unit maintains the operating system used in more than 60 million cars, mostly for  infotainment  systems like Ford Motor Co. s Sync.

In January, the Waterloo, Ontario-based company said it was working on building out QNX s operating system so it could be used to run autonomous driving software. And it has signed deals with self-driving car startups like AdasWorks to integrate their technology into QNX.

 We re in a global world of big technology companies fighting for talent,  Marty Beard, BlackBerry s chief operating officer, said, when asked about Apple hiring QNX talent.  It s not surprising. 

Beard said QNX is still growing and its plans to build autonomous-vehicle software are still on track.

Bloomberg News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Falters on Q4 Earnings Stocks mentioned in this story: AAPL, GOOG, GOOGL, TSLA

Apple Inc. (ticker: AAPL) stock stumbled in after-hours trading on Tuesday on the heels of its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report. The company reported roughly in-line revenue, but barely beat on earnings and issued much higher-than-expected Q1 revenue guidance. AAPL stock was down 2 percent in late afternoon trading. IPhone sales, at 45.5 million, were higher than the 45 million forecast.

Before the report, AAPL stock was up more than 12 percent in 2016.

Apple reported earnings per share of $1.67 on revenue of $46.9 billion; Analysts expected the company to post EPS of $1.65, down about 16 percent from $1.96 per share a year ago. Wall Street expected revenue to fall 8.9 percent to $46.89 billion.

Guidance, however, is where Apple shone: AAPL projects revenue of $76 billion to 78 billion in fiscal Q1, easily exceeding the consensus view of $74.98 billion. Apple doesn't issue EPS guidance, but analysts see EPS of $3.19 in the first quarter.

Despite the positive forward-looking numbers, investors were unimpressed, sending the stock down in after-hours trading.

"Apple is not the growth tech stock it has been in the past and it probably will never return to that high growth mode, but it is still a leader in innovation, technology, and culture," says Matthew Granski, financial analyst for Miracle Mile Advisors in Los Angeles.

Q4 by the numbers. IPhone sales fell 13 percent, to $28.2 billion, down from $32.2 billion a year ago. Unit sales of 45.5 million managed to beat analyst estimates by 500,000.

IPhone revenue was expected to fall 13.8 percent, according to FactSet.

Revenue in Greater China, once Apple's second-largest market, fell 30 percent to $8.8 billion. China's slowing growth has weighed heavily on Apple's own growth. Revenue in the Americas, the largest region by revenue, fell 7 percent. The only region of double-digit revenue growth for AAPL was Japan, which grew at a 10 percent clip.

As for product categories, only Services revenue grew; the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Other Products categories all fell or went sideways.

iPhone. The fall marked the third straight quarter of slumping iPhone sales, which first began falling in fiscal Q2. In fact, that was the first time that iPhone sales ever fell, and the first time Apple as a whole reported declining revenue since 2003.

In other words, AAPL is now three quarters deep in a nasty streak of slumping sales. Fiscal 2016 was a lousy year.

Apple tries its best to be a diversified consumer technology company, offering both software and hardware and products and services. In reality, however, AAPL is still largely a one-trick pony, with 60 percent of its revenue coming from the iPhone last quarter.

The fiscal fourth quarter includes the first few weeks of sales for the iPhone 7, the latest and greatest product in Apple's smash-hit smartphone product line.

The iPhone 7 was roundly criticized at launch for doing away with the 3.5-mm headphone jack, something the company insists is an innovative, bold move towards a more wireless future. Skeptical consumers, on the other hand, think it may simply be a ruse to milk more money from accessories like wireless headphones.

Despite the criticism, early sales numbers out of the gate were better than expected, giving AAPL stock a nice boost. Going into Tuesday's earnings report, Apple shares were up about 10 percent from the Sept. 7 iPhone 7 debut date.

"Apple is forecasting stronger holiday sales than it saw a year ago, likely because of the iPhone 7," says Jeremy Kaplan, editor-in-chief of Digital Trends. "This is a very good phone, headphone jack or no. The company also anticipates strong sales from a revamped Macbook lineup, something fans have been clamoring for years for. Watch sales were very weak, but the new Nike Watch 2 has real promise. It may be the first smartwatch that offers consumers a real reason for its existence."

One factor that certainly should have buoyed iPhone 7 sales last quarter was the historically bad product flop from Samsung, which had to recall its Galaxy Note 7 phone due to a battery that was prone to catch fire and explode.

The snafu could cost the Apple competitor about $3 billion over the next two quarters alone, which is to say nothing of the brand damage and enormous opportunity costs the Korean electronics company will suffer. While that's good news for Apple, a familiar rival is re-emerging in Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), which is re-entering the smartphone market with its Google-branded Pixel and Pixel XL phones.

AAPL needs to diversify. If there's one intangible about AAPL that needs to change, it's vision. CEO Tim Cook needs to get more creative; Apple desperately needs a new blockbuster product to supplant eroding iPhone sales. As mentioned above, 60 percent of revenue came from the iPhone, a legacy product that seems to get minor, uninspiring updates once a year.

A multi-year push into programming via the Apple TV, once thought to be an exciting opportunity for growth and diversification in coming years, has yielded nothing.

Perhaps more disappointing for long-term investors, the company's plans to produce a car, famously dubbed "Project Titan," appear to have been scrapped as well. Details of Apple's automotive ambitions first began to leak in 2015, and soon it became apparent that AAPL was aiming to produce an all-electric vehicle, potentially autonomous, to compete with the likes of Tesla Motors (TSLA). Apple even began to poach some of Tesla's talent, and Project Titan was expected to produce a vehicle by 2019 or 2020.

The Apple Watch was once heralded as the next blockbuster hit for AAPL, but has been a supreme disappointment on that grading scale. The Apple Watch Series 2 was introduced in September with the iPhone 7, so there's a chance that could sell more materially   but little chance it can make up for slumping iPhone sales. The Watch is still being lumped into the "Other Products" category in earnings reports.

Capital return. Apple returned $9.3 billion to shareholders via dividends and buybacks in the fiscal fourth quarter, noting that it has now completed $186 billion of its capital return program.

While dividend payments and share buybacks are all well and good, they're an awfully unimaginative way to boost shareholder returns, and not quite aligned with Apple's own mandate to "think different." Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Just Failed Its Q4 Earnings Test Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) just posted better-than-expected fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings but the market knew expectations were low, and it adjusted accordingly. Now, Apple stock is down a couple percent in after-hours trading, and that s really no surprise.

In its recently completed fiscal fourth quarter, Apple earned $1.67 per share on $46.9 billion in sales. That marks AAPL s third straight quarter of declining year-over-year revenue.

Apple was expected to report earnings of $1.65 per share on sales of $46.89 billion for the period ended Sept. 25. A year earlier, the company had earned $1.96 per share on revenue of $51.5 billion. Apple had previously offered revenue guidance of between $45.5 billion and $47.5 billion for the quarter in question.

CFO Luca Maestri, commented on the numbers:

 We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter. We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return program. 

But Apple stock holders weren t pleased.

Apple s Q4 Earnings Details and iPhone Figures

For better or worse, the results confirm what had been suspected: Apple is running into a headwind. Last quarter s results mark the third consecutive quarter that iPhone sales fell on a year-over-year basis.

AAPL sold 46.5 million units of the popular smartphone for the quarter ending in late September. Apple stock analysts were expecting the company to sell 44.6 million of the device during fiscal Q4, 43% of which were supposed to be driven by new iPhone 7 and iPhone & Plus   even though the device was only available for the final two weeks of the quarter.

Still, Apple sold 48 million iPhones in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015.

China was the expected sore spot as well. After generating $12.5 billion in revenue in the comparable quarter a year ago, Chinese sales slumped to $8.8 billion last quarter.

It was only a few months ago Tim Cook said,  I could not be be more optimistic about its (China s) future. 

That optimism has thus far been unmerited.

Other Points of Weakness

While it matters considerably less than the iPhone 7, Mac sales rolled in below expectations at 4.9 million, versus 5.7 million units a year earlier. iPad sales fell from 9.9 million to 9.3 million units. That s a better iPad figure than expected, but still not strong.

Next Page Apple Inc.'s Apple Watch Sales Are a Mess (AAPL) Market research firm IDC just released smartwatch sales numbers for the third quarter, and there s plenty of bad news for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) and its Apple Watch.

Source: Apple

The latest numbers show that the smartwatch industry as a whole is suffering steep declines. But AAPL is among the hardest-hit companies; sales of the Apple Watch plunged over 70% year-over-year.

The question now is: Can Apple recover?

Smartwatch Sales Take a Dive

It was never clear whether there was actually widespread consumer demand for smartwatches. The whole category began to take off after Pebble launched its record-setting Kickstarter campaign in 2012. However, to put things in perspective, that campaign raised $10 million-plus and saw nearly 69,000 backers.

In the grand scheme of things, those are minuscule numbers. Great for a startup like Pebble, but in retrospect maybe not an indicator that consumers in general were ready to embrace the new product category.

Add in the challenge of fitness tracker companies that refuse to give up. Fitbit Inc (NYSE: FIT ) was squarely in the crosshairs of the Apple Watch. Instead of rolling over, Fitbit released a new generation of trackers, some of which incorporate key smartwatch functionality. Namely, notifications.

With consumers more interesting in tracking their health and fitness than paying a considerable premium to run apps on their wrist, Fitbit s sales have defied predictions and continued to grow.

Meanwhile, the smartwatch market is tanking.

IDC s numbers for the third quarter show smartwatch sales down by 51.6% compared to last year. Pebble   the early pioneer   saw its sales drop 54% to only 100,000 units. What s particularly telling about that number is that it still allowed Pebble to place in the top five worldwide   AAPL took a beating with its sales off by 71.6%, a miserable performance only topped(?) by Lenovo (OTCMKTS: LNVGY ), which dropped by a whopping 73.3% compared to last year.

The two bright spots in the smartwatch market were Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ: GRMN ) and Samsung (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ). Garmin has managed to position itself as the smartwatch maker of choice for runners, leveraging that strategy to a huge 324.2% sales growth and second place in the smartwatch market. Third place Samsung saw 9% growth.

Can Apple Watch Sales Recover?

The big question is whether these poor sales results indicate the air has come out of the smartwatch market altogether, or if they re more cyclical.

Next Page Apple CFO says 'impossible to know' effect of Samsung Note 7 recall on iPhone demand  Apple's 4th-qtr revenue falls 9 pct  Apple Inc reports Q4 iPhone sales of 45.5 mln units  
2016-04-12
Apple, Inc.'s Slow but Steady PC Rise Continues Slowly but surely, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been growing its global PC market share every quarter for nearly a decade. Meanwhile, the mature PC market continues to stagnate, although global unit volumes have stabilized for the most part. Even though Mac unit shipments declined by 4% in the fourth quarter, that still outperformed the broader market's 11% drop, according to IDC. So Apple gained share.

IDC has now released its estimates for the first quarter, and the numbers show that this trend is continuing.

The MacBook rises

IDC estimates that Apple has now become the No. 4 global PC vendor, thanks in part to strong demand within North America. Apple's performance was strong enough to narrowly overtake ASUS in the rankings.

Vendor Q1 2016 Shipments Q1 2016 Market Share Lenovo 12.2 million 20.1% HP 11.6 million 19.2% Dell 9 million 14.9% Apple 4.5 million 7.4% ASUS 4.4 million 7.2%

It was a slim victory over ASUS, and it's also worth noting that Gartner's figures differ in that it still ranks ASUS at No. 4 with 5.4 million units shipped. But regardless, Apple continues to hold its own in the PC market, slowly chipping away at the Windows world.

Mac updates these days are largely incremental, since it's such a mature product category. Additionally, the timing of future Mac cycles is sort of up in the air right now as Intel is moving away from its long-standing tick-tock model. But in the absence of CPU performance improvements, Apple can still drive demand with new industrial designs and continued operating system updates.

The rise of detachables

Categorically, the PC market is also being partially cannibalized by rising sales of detachables and convertibles. The Mac will decidedly not be Apple's attempt to capture this demand; that's what iPad Pro is for. For what it's worth, IDC technically considers the iPad Pro to be a detachable due to the Smart Keyboard, even though the accessory is sold separately.

Still, part of me thinks that Apple could have hedged its bets on convertibles and detachables when it comes to the operating system interface. The Mac maker has made a concerted bet that mobile and desktop platforms would remain distinct, but that could turn into a disadvantage if the market signals that it truly wants a convergence -- which could be happening as we speak, given that detachables sales are on the rise. Apple's Mobile Device Revolution And The Decline Of The PC  
2016-08-13
How Many iPhones Will Apple, Inc. Sell This Quarter? In Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) third fiscal quarter of 2016, iPhone units and revenue were down 15% and 23%, respectively. This was an extension of a similar quarter of declines for the segment in the prior quarter. Apple investors are still getting used to this new dilemma, as iPhones sales didn't start to decline until this year. Unfortunately, Q4 will likely deliver more of the same.

Here's what to expect from Apple's iPhone segment this quarter.

An iPhone sales forecast for Q4

Apple doesn't provide a forecast for quarterly iPhone sales, so the best way to get an idea of what management might expect from the segment is to look at management's guidance for total revenue. Because iPhone sales represent about 57% of revenue, the trajectory of iPhone sales during a quarter strongly drives the trajectory of Apple's total revenue -- so their trajectories should be similar.

For Q4, Apple guided for revenue between $45.5 billion and $47.5 billion, representing a 7.8% to 11.7% decline compared to Apple's revenue of $51.5 billion in the year-ago quarter. If iPhone revenue follows a similar trajectory, Q4 iPhone revenue will be somewhere around $29 billion -- down from $32.2 billion in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2015.

Where would this put iPhone unit sales? Taking into consideration the fact that iPhone revenue will likely decline at a slightly steeper rate than iPhone units because Apple's lower-cost iPhone SE, which was introduced in March, is driving average selling prices lower, the trajectory of Apple's guidance suggests that iPhone unit sales will likely be somewhere around a range of 43.5 million to 45 million units. This is down from 48 million units in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015.

Notably, if Apple's guidance for total revenue does reflect the company's expected trajectory for iPhone revenue during the quarter, Q4 would mark a moderation to Apple's trend of declining iPhone revenue compared to the previous two quarters.

Will the quarter get a boost from an early iPhone launch?

However, even if Apple expects a smaller year-over-year decline in iPhone sales in Q4, this may not be indicative of improving comparisons for the iPhone 6s cycle. Another potential explanation for a smaller expected decline during the quarter could simply be an earlier launch for its flagship iPhone, which usually launches toward the end of the tech giant's fiscal fourth quarter.

Industry blogger Evan Blass, which AppleInsider asserts has a solid track record speculating about upcoming smartphone releases, said on Twitter that iPhones will be available in stores, and ship to customers, on Friday, September 16, giving Apple's new flagship phone about one extra week in the quarter to sell. In 2015, for instance, it wasn't until September 25 that the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus began shipping to customers. An extra week for Apple's newest iPhone to ship to customers during the company's fiscal fourth quarter of 2016 could give iPhone sales during the quarter a significant boost.

If Blass is right about Apple planning for an early iPhone launch, it's worth wondering just how steep the year-over-year decline in the company's guidance for Q3 would have been without the help of an extra week of sales of the upcoming flagship iPhone.

Looking beyond fiscal 2016's fourth quarter, Apple's guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 will likely be even more interesting, as it will help investors get an idea of whether the tech giant expects iPhone sales to continue to decline, even after it launches its newest smartphone. 
2016-11-12
Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. The competition was legendary. Steve Jobs, co-founder and then CEO of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was on one side; Bill Gates, the founder at Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), was on the other. For years, they traded barbs and attacked each other's business. But then, in 2007, they sat down and shared a stage, reflecting on their legacies.

No matter which side of the rivalry you came down on -- if it mattered to you -- it's undeniable that these two companies have been driving forces behind the technological revolution we're currently in the middle of. As such, shareholders of both companies have been rewarded handsomely; since Microsoft and Apple went public, the stocks have returned 85,000% and 25,000%, respectively.

But which is the better buy today? That's a tough question to answer, but we can gain some insight by comparing them through three different lenses.

Financial fortitude

While cash that just sits in the bank might seem like a waste, it's an incredible asset once you zoom out a bit. Consider the reality that at some point during their lifetime, every company will encounter its fair share of chaos -- whether macro in nature or company-specific.

Groups that have cash in the bank are safe in such situations. In fact, they can outspend rivals, buy back shares on the cheap, pay a dividend, or even make acquisitions. Debt-heavy companies are on the other end of the spectrum -- forced to do everything possible just to make ends meet.

Here's how Apple and Microsoft stack up in terms of financial fortitude.

Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Microsoft $137 billion $76 billion $16.6 billion $26.8 billion Apple $238 billion $87 billion $46 billion $53 billion

You could search the world over and might not find two companies that have quite as much financial fortitude as these two. Their cash piles alone are worth more than the vast majority of publicly traded companies. And both are also producing incredible levels of cash flow.

While on paper, Apple is producing better numbers, I'm calling it a tie because both companies are uber-safe in terms of their income and balance sheets.

Winner = Tie

Sustainable competitive advantages

When I look back at the performance of my own portfolio, the companies that have done the best are those with the strongest sustainable competitive advantages. In investing circles, this is often called a "moat."

In essence, a moat is what sets one company apart from the rest in the field. With it, the company has a special sauce. Without it, it quickly becomes a victim to commoditization.

Apple has historically had a weak moat, relying on a combination of its brand and coming up with the Next Big Thing. Nothing is more indicative of that than the iPhone, which accounts for the lion's share of the company's revenue. The problem with this is that "coming up with the Next Big Thing" isn't very sustainable.

Over the past five years, though, the company has been working on building out an eco-system that creates high switching costs. By syncing your iTunes and all of your other files to your computer, smartphone, and tablet, you'd be loathe to leave a network of products that has all of your stuff on the cloud.

Microsoft, on the other hand, benefits from the ubiquity of its Windows and Office 365 products. Given the fact that these products have been around -- in lesser versions -- for well over 20 years, their dominance is unquestioned. As more and more internet users come of age using Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Microsoft's moat becomes stronger and stronger.

This seems to give Microsoft the upper hand since switching costs are very high. Outside of Alphabet's Google Docs -- which might be able to challenge Word -- no one has designed something to replace Office 365, and few would want to spend the time learning a new one when they're already proficient on Microsoft's systems.

Winner = Microsoft

Valuation

Finally, we have valuation. While this isn't an exact science, there are some straightforward metrics we can consult to give us an idea of how expensive each stock is.

Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Microsoft 21 18 5.5 2.1 Apple 13 11 2.8 1.4

On every metric, Apple comes out ahead as a cheaper stock. While I wouldn't say Microsoft is unreasonably expensive, there's no question as to which appears to be cheaper.

Winner = Apple

So, there you have it: We have a draw. Both companies are solid; Microsoft has the better moat, while Apple is cheaper. If I had to choose a winner, I'd go with Apple since my family holds shares of it. But maybe your home and portfolio tell a different story, and fortunately, you really can't go wrong with either. 
2016-04-13
Will Apple, Inc. Again Guide for a Revenue Decline? After forecasting for revenue to decline about 11% year over year for its second fiscal quarter, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) guidance for the current quarter (or Q3) will be closely watched by investors. The tech giant's guidance will be particularly interesting since the company just released its iPhone SE, an upgraded version of its smaller iPhone 5s. Will the mid-cycle refresh of one of its less expensive iPhones stop revenue from sliding?

How Apple's revenue growth disappeared

Ahead of the iPhone 6 launch in Sept. 2014, the overall consensus was that the new model would be a hit. After all, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus lineup represented Apple's first foray into smartphones with displays larger than four inches.

The consensus was right. During Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2015 (which coincides with the fourth calendar quarter of 2014), it reported a 57% year-over-year increase in iPhone revenue. For the remainder of the fiscal year, iPhone 6 also continued to drive huge growth for the company.

The flip side of such a significant quarter for Apple, however, was the tough year-over-year comparisons it would now face in fiscal 2016, after launching its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. After the iPhone 6s launch, investors acknowledged that Force Touch, a faster processor, and other internal upgrades -- in the absence of any changes to the phone's form factor -- weren't likely enough to drive fiscal 2016 iPhone sales high enough to help Apple trump its huge growth in fiscal 2015.

Indeed, the first full quarter of iPhone 6s sales previewed the tough year-over-year comparisons to come in the remainder of the year. When Apple reported its first-quarter results in January, it revealed that it barely posted a year-over-year gain in revenue for the quarter, reporting top-line growth of just 1.7%. Even worse, for the current quarter, management predicted the direction of its year-over-year revenue comparisons would slip into a decline. Specifically, it guided for approximately 11% year-over-year drop in revenue for Q2.

Can the SE help Apple return to growth?

Addressing its expectations for declining revenue, Apple broke from its usual practice of introducing new iPhones only on an annual basis and launched its iPhone SE on March 31, or mid-cycle. As it was only available for one day during Apple's fiscal Q2, however, the new device is unlikely to help prevent the expected dip in revenue for the quarter that just ended. But what about Q3?

With the iPhone SE set to be available during the the entire third quarter, investors will look to Apple's third-quarter guidance when it reports second-quarter results later this month to see whether the new device is doing well enough in the market to help Apple return to growth.

As was the case in Apple's first and second fiscal quarters, the company is up against some very tough comparisons in Q3. In the third quarter of fiscal 2015, Apple reported quarterly revenue of $49.6 billion, representing 33% revenue growth compared to the same quarter in fiscal 2014. These results, on the back of the blockbuster iPhone 6, were driven mainly by huge year-over-year iPhone revenue growth of 59%. Even if the iPhone SE is doing well in the market, therefore, this sort of year-ago performance still won't be easily topped.

Investors will get a peek into management's expectations for Q3 when Apple reports second-quarter results on Monday, April 25, after market close. For the company to return to growth, look for Apple to guide for Q3 revenue greater than $49.6 billion. 
2016-02-28
Apple: The Tim Cook Legacy Tim Cook's message to customers last week regarding iPhone security will mark a defining moment for his legacy as Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL ) CEO. While the legal and technological ramifications resulting from the San Bernardino iPhone case will take months and years to play themselves out, the business implications are already visible. One of the major questions facing Apple in the post-Steve Jobs era was how the company would be managed in such a way as to maintain its unique culture while keeping the product front and center. By remaining true to his promise regarding security and privacy, Tim Cook continues to build his legacy of strengthening the Apple experience by embracing principles and values that transcend hardware and software.

The Apple Experience

There have been a handful of events since 2011 that have served as key milestones in Cook's tenure as CEO. The Apple Maps debacle, Apple Retail turmoil, Apple supply chain working conditions, environmental activism, and data privacy and security have each played a role in laying the groundwork for Tim Cook's legacy. With Jony Ive focused on Apple's product vision, Tim Cook has been playing to his strengths dedicating much of his attention to nurturing the Apple experience by focusing on six values: security and privacy, trust, equality and ethics, and environmentally responsibility. The following diagram highlights how Jony Ive's product vision is combined with Cook's value-oriented focus to create the Apple experience.

For each of these six values, there have been specific events where Cook's actions demonstrated his leadership style and vision.

Security and Privacy

Tim Cook's long-standing stance on security and privacy were thrown into the public circle last week with the U.S. Department of Justice getting a federal judge to order Apple help them break into an iPhone involved in the San Bernardino terror case. Cook's hard-line stance against such an order should not have come as a surprise. Since becoming CEO, Cook has embarked on an unwavering campaign to regard security and privacy as human rights. This position is not just different from other technology companies, but is downright remarkable given the amount of risk Cook is willing to take on by believing so firmly in those stances.

Last year, Cook gave a speech at the Electronic Privacy Information Center's Champions of Freedom event where he came down harshly on companies monetizing user data and not doing enough to educate customers as to how their personal information is being used. While some thought Cook was being a hypocrite by not recognizing what is seemingly the contradiction found with Apple's future and greater data collection, Cook's message regarding privacy was focused on the customer. The number one priority is to let the customer know what data is being collected and how it is being used. Apple knew that type of practice is simply not found in Silicon Valley, and Cook was determined to keep Apple on a different course.

Another incident highlighting Cook's passion regarding security and privacy was on display when he sat down with Charlie Rose following the iPhone 6 launch (and a few weeks after the iCloud celebrity hacking incident). When referring to rumors that Apple had created a backdoor to its servers, Tim Cook exclaimed to Rose, "they would have to cart us out in a box" before Apple created a backdoor. The message was clear. Apple was going to fight for its users and would be willing to go as far as the U.S. Supreme Court (which now seems quite likely).

Trust

Another key attribute to Tim Cook's legacy has been trust. Over the years, two events have come to demonstrate Cook's intense belief that customer trust is one of the most important values behind the Apple experience: the Apple Maps debacle and Apple Retail turmoil.

In 2012, following the botched Apple Maps launch which saw a mapping service in rough shape in terms of accuracy and usefulness, Tim Cook took it upon himself to issue an apology to Apple customers. The first and last paragraphs of the apology letter highlighted Cook's underlining motivation:

To our customers,

At Apple, we strive to make world-class products that deliver the best experience possible to our customers. With the launch of our new Maps last week, we fell short on this commitment. We are extremely sorry for the frustration this has caused our customers and we are doing everything we can to make Maps better... Everything we do at Apple is aimed at making our products the best in the world. We know that you expect that from us, and we will keep working non-stop until Maps lives up to the same incredibly high standard.

It has been reported that Scott Forstall, who oversaw iOS software and Apple Maps, was fired due to his refusal to officially apologize for an inferior Apple Maps product. From Cook's perspective, Forstall's actions posed a threat to the Apple experience with trust at the heart of the issue. Apple had spent years building goodwill with customers with the end result being hundreds of millions of users trusting Apple that its products would lead to a top-notch experience. With Apple Maps, Forstall put this Apple experience at risk, and Cook took decisive action. This intense focus on the Apple experience soon become Tim Cook's primary motive in everything he has since done leading Apple.

Cook's focus on nurturing customer trust was also seen in his handling of Apple Retail. After Ron Johnson left as head of Apple Retail in 2011, Apple's retail operations entered a tumultuous period. The iconic stores were still seeing incredible levels of traffic and sales per square foot, but the customer experience was deteriorating. Cook ended up making one of his biggest blunders to date by hiring John Browett to take over Apple Retail. Instead of focusing on the experience produced by the Apple Retail stores, Browett looked at physical Apple Retail locations as profit centers.

After being on the job for just 10 months, Cook fired Browett. Along with the Apple Maps fiasco, Browett's quick dismissal showed that Cook was comfortable admitting mistakes and taking swift action to correct those mistakes. More importantly, Cook learned from those mistakes. A year later, Angela Ahrendts was brought on board to lead Apple Retail. Her success at Burberry was a result of taking the luxury retail playbook and ripping it up by embracing technology. Ahrendts placed the experience above all else. In fact, Ahrendts has publicly mentioned she doesn't consider herself "a great retailer" but instead someone who understands people and the importance of building the right kind of retail team. This caught Cook's attention. He knew that Apple Retail stores were a great tool to build customer trust in terms of the personal touch that Apple Retail employees provide such as sales support, service and workshops.

Equality and Ethics

In 2012, The New York Times published its "The iEconomy" series, which took a closer look at the negatives associated with globalization. Apple's supply chain was thrown into the spotlight. Apple's reliance on its supply chain was illustrated through descriptions and tales of unacceptable working conditions. It has been reported that Cook thought The New York Times investigative series was not accurate and very misleading. Instead of being content with the progress Apple had already been making with its supply chain, the iEconomy series seemed to reenergize Cook. He was on a mission to place Apple as the champion of human rights that went well beyond what other companies were doing. He wanted Apple to be the undisputed leader.

Cook placed Jeff Williams as the executive monitoring third-party contract manufacturer and supplier working conditions. While there is still much progress to be made, Cook's focus on human rights issues once again relates back to the Apple experience. There is a story behind every Apple product, including how it is made, and Cook understood that the Apple experience began all the way back with the raw materials at factories and mines.

In addition, Cook has pushed for equality in other parts of daily life, becoming much more vocal in current political affairs by using Apple's power and standing to extend his reach. While it may be hard to find the direct relationship between these actions and Apple products, Tim Cook's motivation is clear: Apple is a company that stands for everyone.

Environmentally Responsibility

Apple's aggressive stance on green initiatives has been well chronicled in the press, but the motivation behind the actions are still being underestimated. Whether it was creating working forests in Maine and North Carolina, or building extensive solar projects in China, Cook has embarked Apple on a mission to minimize its impact on the environment. Cook hired Lisa Jackson, former Environmental Protection Agency chief, in 2013 to oversee Apple's environmental practices. It's not that this focus on being environmentally-focused started with Cook's imagination, especially since we can look back at how Apple embarked on more environmental friendly decisions in its product lineup under Steve Jobs. However, Cook felt that Apple's leadership status in the global economy placed it in an unique position to serve as an example for others.

The Product

Apple's mission is to create products that people love. When judging Tim Cook's performance, the mistake many people have been making is analyzing the Apple CEO position as a seat that has to be filled with a product visionary like Steve Jobs. Not only is this faulty logic, but it fails to comprehend Cook's strengths. Tim Cook is Apple's CEO because he is not a product visionary.

Apple's current success was not due to Steve Jobs carrying the company on his shoulders. Thanks to Apple's revamped public relations strategy, we have gotten a better look at how the Apple machine actually operates. There is much more going on behind the scenes than a dictator not allowing debate, disagreement, discussion and collaboration.

Even though Cook is not a product person, this fact does not take anything away from Apple or his legacy since Jony Ive is purveyor of Apple's product mission. In fact, evidence would suggest Jony Ive has actually been the purveyor of Apple's product philosophy for over 15 years. Cook is confident that the executive team he has assembled will promote debate and discussion, just like in the past, leading to products that people love. Meanwhile, Cook dedicates his time and energy to overseeing the management team responsible for this debate and discussion while strengthening the Apple experience by looking at values that go beyond the tangible product.

A Defining Moment

Tim Cook's message to customers last week regarding iPhone security will go down as one of the defining moments of his tenure as CEO because it perfectly encapsulated Cook's motivation as CEO. According to Cook, the best way to keep Apple's mission statement focused on the product is to embrace and strengthen ideals that strengthen the relationship with customers.

One paragraph from Cook's letter stood out: "While we believe the FBI's intentions are good, it would be wrong for the government to force us to build a backdoor into our products. And ultimately, we fear that this demand would undermine the very freedoms and liberty our government is meant to protect."

Cook's letter wasn't just about an iPhone 5c or encryption. Instead, Cook took a stand protecting the very same ideals that the U.S. government is tasked to protect. Apple is known as the iPhone company today but could very well be known as a personal transportation business in 20 years. Despite this changing product mix, Cook knows the ideals he is focused on promoting within Apple's culture will remain unchanged. The Tim Cook legacy will one day be remembered as the era in which these ideals were established and engrained into the Apple experience. Even though the product will always be at the center of it all, hardware and software can only go so far in advancing humanity. 
2016-01-25
It's Happening! Apple Inc. Will Transition to OLEDs by 2018 There has been a lot of speculation in the press that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will transition from traditional liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, to organic light-emitting diodes in a future iPhone. Some reports have pegged this transition for late 2017 (that is, late 2017 product introduction; display panel production would need to happen well in advance), while others are looking for a late 2018 introduction.

Although, for Apple's sake, it would be better for the company to transition to OLEDs in 2017 than hold off until 2018 if possible for competitive reasons, I could very much see it waiting until 2018.

At any rate, whether it's 2017 or 2018, it's looking like this transition to OLED is going to happen by 2018. Here's why.

Japan Display says it'll be good to go in 2018

Per a report from Reuters, Japan Display said that it will begin mass production of OLED displays by 2018. Japan Display is said to be the main supplier of the LCDs used in the current iPhone 6s/6s Plus and is expected to once again be the main provider of LCDs for the upcoming iPhone 7/7 Plus, per DigiTimes.

Given that 2018 is when Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 8, which should represent a significant redesign compared to the iPhone 7/7s, Japan Display would be able to capture a reasonable portion of Apple's iPhone 8/8 Plus display orders if it delivers.

2017 or 2018? That's the question

If Apple insists on having Japan Display in the supply chain loop for OLEDs (for example, Apple wanting a minimum of three suppliers to ensure it can get proper supply for this relatively new technology), then Apple customers and shareholders alike will have to wait until 2018.

By then, Japan Display, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Display, and LG Display (NYSE:LPL) should all be ready to go to pump out OLED-based displays for the iDevice maker.

However, I still could see Apple moving to OLEDs in 2017 with the introduction of the iPhone 7s simply in order to remain competitive.

This scenario would mean that longtime iPhone display vendor Japan Display would be "out of the loop" for the iPhone 7s (although it could still benefit from sales of displays into older-generation iPhones), but the Japan-based display maker could see a rebound in the following year.

I've written about how I believe that not transitioning to a new/better display may have hurt the competitiveness and ultimately customer interest in the just-released iPhone 6s/6s Plus phones.

Indeed, the move to OLEDs -- which offer a number of very noticeable advantages over LCDs -- would be noticeable to most consumers, potentially making it an interesting selling point all by itself. However, combined with the other innovations that Apple will surely bring to the 7s, Apple could be poised to see quite a nice upgrade cycle even if the iPhone 7 cycle turns out to be a robust one.

I continue to believe the timing of Apple's OLED transition will come down to both technology and available industry capacity. If the technology is mature enough and the capacity is there, I could see Apple breaking with its tradition of recycling displays in its "s" phones from its prior-generation "new number" phones and bringing in OLEDs with the iPhone 7s in late 2017. Apple And The Future Of Automation: Why Steve Jobs' Vision Was Very Much In ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) earnings are in a little over 24 hours. Director of the MIT Initiative on the Digital Economy Erik Brynjolfsson recently spoke with Bloomberg about the company's vision and the next tech boom.

Brynjolfsson highlighted the misconception that automated systems will one day replace all human jobs. In his opinion, robotics will automate mundane tasks and allow humans to focus on higher-level creative tasks.

"As technology automates more and more of routine, repetitive kinds of tasks, there's actually more value for the arts and creativity," he explained.

Brynjolfsson next discussed Apple. The company's stock was stagnant in the 1990s. It has since risen 100-fold between the Spring of 2003 and January 2016.

"You mentioned Apple," he added. "Steve Jobs' genius was not just that he understood technology, but that he understood aesthetics and design. By bringing those together, you create a lot more value than if you have them separately."

While the vast majority of Apple analysts and pundits are focusing on valuation metrics, cash balance and iPhone shipments, Brynjolfsson's commentary indicates -- over the uber long-run -- the company's vision is very much in line with the future of the tech space.

Apple shares are near $100 on Monday afternoon.

Posted-In: Apple Apple MITLong Ideas News Movers Tech Media Trading Ideas

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple's Long-Term Chart Remains Bullish With Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) set to release Q4 earnings this week, there s been a growing level of concern in the market about the company s short-term technical breakdown.

After hitting new all-time highs of nearly $133 in early 2015, Apple has failed to regain its bullish stride. In fact, the stock has dipped into the low $90s twice since then, and appears to be heading into earnings more than 30 percent below last year s highs.

However, while Apple, along with the entire market, remains on shaky ground in the short term, the stock s long-term chart paints a completely different picture.

The stock has twice bounced in the low $90 s, indicating that level could serve as strong support for the stock. Apple also peaked at around that same level back in 2012.

Related Link: Little Reason For Optimism In Apple's Short-Term Chart

That peak and subsequent 41.7 percent 2013 2014 decline is also reassuring for long-term Apple investors. Patterns tend to repeat themselves in stock charts, and a repeat of the 2013 2014 swoon would mean a decline to the $77 level before the stock once again headed for new all-time highs.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Technicals Tech Trading Ideas

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-09-27
Apple, Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal fourth-quarter earnings have just been scheduled. After market close on Thursday, Oct. 27, the tech giant will announce its quarterly results and host a live conference call to discuss its recent performance. As the quarter that marked the iPhone 7's release, investors are likely interested in these results.

Ahead of the earnings release, here's an early look at what to watch.

Revenue

One key area to watch when Apple reports earnings is revenue. Apple has reported year-over-year declines in revenue for two quarters in a row and expects another drop in Q4, management said when it reported Q3 earnings. Specifically, it guided for revenue of $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion, representing an 11.7% to 7.8% dive compared to year-ago fourth-quarter revenue of $51.5 billion.

Apple's monstrous upgrade cycle for iPhone 6 in fiscal 2015 has made year-over-year revenue comparisons difficult since the product represents well over half of its revenue. In fiscal 2015, iPhone sales soared about 37% as consumers jumped on the opportunity to buy the first iPhones with larger 4.7-inch and 5-inch displays. But the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which sports the same form factor as the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, have led to a comparatively lackluster upgrade cycle so far.

iPhone sales

While iPhone has been a key reason for declining revenue in recent quarters and likely will be this quarter as well, there is more uncertainty than usual when it comes to forecasting even a ballpark figure of where iPhone unit sales could land.

The uncertainty surrounding iPhone sales for Q4 is derived from several factors. First, Apple launched iPhone 7 toward the end of the quarter, leaving investors playing guesswork on how the new phone impacted sales. Second, Apple didn't announce first-weekend sales like it usually does. Third, the iPhone 7 launched a week earlier than usual and in more than twice as many markets.

Theoretically, these circumstances would suggest it's possible the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus could provide a year-over-year boost for the last few weeks of the quarter -- and potentially help moderate declining total revenue. Of course, as usual, deliveries of the new iPhone have been limited by supply, with delivery times for many of the iPhone 7 Plus models about a month out for buyers or order one today. All of these considerations shroud the new iPhone's impact on the quarter in mystery.

Apple's guidance for total revenue in Q4 suggests the company expected a year-over-year decline in iPhone unit sales -- even with knowledge of its plans to release iPhone 7 during the quarter. But could the iPhone 7 provide surpass expectations and provide a big enough boost to help mitigate some of this predicted decline?

For context going into this quarterly report, Apple delivered about 48 million iPhones in the fourth quarter of 2015.

Whatever Apple reports on Oct. 27, investors already have one thing going in their favor: The stock trades very conservatively, with a price-to-earnings ratio of just 13. This means Apple is essentially priced for continued headwinds when it comes to growth. Better-than-expected fourth-quarter results, therefore, would be icing on the cake. Aetna Will Subsidize Apple Watch in First US Insurer Deal Aetna Inc. will give some customers and employees discounts on Apple Inc. s smartwatch, offering the potential that incentives from the insurance industry could boost sales of the technology giant s wearable device.

The health insurer, which covers about 23 million people in the U.S., is developing apps for Apple devices that will help consumers remember to take their medicines, get a refill on prescriptions, or contact a doctor. The applications, which will be available next year, will also help members understand their insurance benefits and use Apple s Wallet feature to pay bills, Aetna said Tuesday in a statement with Apple.

Aetna said its almost 50,000 employees will be eligible for the watch at no cost. It will be up to employers that contract with Aetna to decide whether their workers get the watch, and how or if it s subsidized, said Ethan Slavin, an Aetna spokesman. Slavin declined to give an estimate of how many non-Aetna employees might get the watch.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The tentative steps from Aetna could be a boon to Apple if they encourage policy holders and employees to be healthier, and prompt wider adoption of the practice by other insurers. While Apple is the market leader in smartwatches, the Cupertino, California-based company shipped an estimated 1.6 million watches in the three months through June compared with more than 40 million iPhones in the same period.

 The Watch is still screaming out for a use case, so if health-monitoring can be that, that s useful, but it doesn t tilt the company away from being the iPhone company,  said Colin Gillis, a New York-based BGC Partners analyst.

Fitbit Inc. has been selling its fitness tracking devices to companies for at least three years as a way for employees to reduce their insurance bills. While Discovery Ltd. in South Africa has offered clients Apple s watch to encourage fitness, Hartford, Connecticut-based Aetna said it s the first major health-care firm to subsidize much of the device s cost in the U.S.

Apple has expanded its efforts to sell its products to businesses in the past two years as iPhone revenue has stuttered, announcing partnerships with International Business Machines Corp., SAP SE and Cisco Systems Inc. 
2016-11-29
Uh Oh! Is Apple Inc.'s iPhone Margin About to Drop? Analyst Rod Hall recently put out a research note (via Barron's) suggesting that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 8 smartphone will carry lower gross profit margin than this year's iPhone 7 series smartphones.

Hall reportedly suggests that this margin degradation could be driven by a couple of factors. The first is that Apple's average selling prices may be set to come down due to the transition from an all-metal casing to the rumored "glass sandwich" design.

Apparently, Hall's fellow analyst Narci Chang says that "the market believes that the reduction in viewable metal area implies a lower [average selling price]."

Second, Hall expects that this "all-glass" design will be more expensive to produce due to a "20% increase in CNC machine hours" to produce the chassis.

"We think the [average selling price] for the next iPhone metal casing will stay at a similar level to iPhone 7/7 Plus on a like-for-like basis, but the 'blended' [average selling price] will rise as blended size becomes bigger," the analyst writes.

Let's take a closer look at this to determine if Apple shareholders should worry.

What if Apple's iPhone gross profit margin dropped by 2%?

Let's suppose for this analysis that Hall is right and Apple's iPhone gross profit margin comes down some during the next product cycle. Let's further suppose that the margin reduction is about 2% and that in the coming product cycle, Apple's average selling prices stay flat (something that I believe is unlikely, but bear with me).

During fiscal year 2016, Apple sold 211.884 million iPhone units for $136.7 billion in revenue, implying an average selling price of approximately $645. Let's also suppose that Apple's average iPhone gross profit margin is about 45% (Apple doesn't break this out, but I assume that iPhone gross profit margin is better than corporate average of around 40%).

Based on these assumptions, Apple generated about $61.52 billion in gross profit from iPhone sales in fiscal year 2016.

A 2% reduction in iPhone gross profit margin percentage would translate into $58.781 billion in total gross profits, or a reduction of about $2.74 billion.

It may look as though Apple shareholders need to start bracing for a real drop in Apple's profitability, but that's not necessarily the case.

Balancing the revenue/margin equation

If Apple were to ultimately design its next-generation iPhone to carry a lower gross profit margin than the current ones, then it would likely only do so if the company felt that the added costs would make for a more compelling product.

Indeed, if Apple takes a 2% hit on iPhone gross profit margin, but winds up generating 10% more iPhone revenue than it did in the previous generation because of the new features, then Apple's total gross profit still moves up and ultimately garners higher net income for its shareholders.

It's worth pointing out, though, that significant cost structure increases can't be implemented lightly. Apple needs to have a high degree of confidence that the higher cost structure will translate into significant revenue growth to ultimately drive better profit growth than it'd be able to achieve with cheaper-to-build products.

Is a margin reduction guaranteed?

At this point, I don't think it should be taken as a given that Apple's iPhone margin next year will come down. After all, even in the face of a higher bill of materials, Apple could increase its selling prices to compensate.

Apple could also put the squeeze on its suppliers, ultimately hurting their margins to preserve Apple's. That's one of the reasons that Apple likes to have multiple sources for critical components -- more suppliers means greater leverage on Apple's part.

Having said all that, there's just not enough information available right now (either on the cost structure or on Apple's expected pricing) for anybody to be able to reliably predict changes in Apple's iPhone gross profit margin in its upcoming product cycle. 
2016-02-24
The Xiaomi Mi5 Shames the Apple Inc. iPhone 6s in Almost Every Way Readers of my columns know that, for quite some time, I've been publishing my predictions about Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7. Much to my surprise, as I followed AnandTech's coverage of the Chinese smartphone vendor's new flagship, the Mi5, it was pretty stunning to see that this new device -- which is priced far more cheaply than even the cheapest iPhone 6s -- had many of the characteristics that I expect Apple to bring to market with the iPhone 7.

To put it bluntly, the Mi5 seems to be about a generation ahead of the iPhone 6s in almost every way. Let's take a closer look.

Borderless, wide-color gamut display

The Mi5 features a 5.15 inch 1920-by-1080 resolution display, meaning that it already has a far sharper display than what the iPhone 6s packs. What's really interesting, though, is that there is practically no bezel on the device, something that I have been expecting from the iPhone 7.

Additionally, the display on the Mi5 display covers 95% of the NTSC color gamut; the iPhone, in contrast, covers just 72% of NTSC. Furthermore, it is apparently able to dynamically adjust the contrast ratio of each individual pixel based on the lighting conditions, for "greater screen clarity in bright conditions." So the Mi5 has a sharper, more-vivid, and frankly more-sophisticated display than the ones included on either the iPhone 6s or the iPhone 6s Plus.

Lighter than the iPhone 6s, but packing a much larger battery

The Mi5 weighs just 129 grams -- 14 grams lighter than the iPhone 6s, per Xiaomi. Despite being lighter, it has a substantially larger battery. The Mi5's battery has a capacity of 3000 mAh, compared to the 1715 mAh one found inside of the iPhone 6s.

No 3D Touch clone, though

Although Xiaomi now has the better display, Apple still has 3D Touch functionality -- which includes the so-called "Taptic Engine" -- to call its own. However, given that 3D Touch hasn't really caught on and become the "inevitable" feature that Apple had hoped it would be, it's not clear if that trumps the better display, larger battery, and lighter build of the Mi5.

Expect Apple to see market share drop in China until iPhone 7 is released

Apple's sales in China have cooled in recent quarters, and I suspect that, with phones like the Mi5 out there embarrassing the iPhone 6s in a number of key metrics (at a substantially lower price), the pressure will only intensify for the iDevice maker. Indeed, I expect Apple to lose market-segment share in China during the next few quarters.

Apple needs a real winner with the iPhone 7. At the very least, the company needs to catch up to what its competition seems to be doing; but I don't think that will be enough. Apple's iPhone 7 will spend half of its life contending with what these Android smartphone makers have coming next.

Frankly, I'm surprised and saddened to see Apple drop the ball like this. The company has virtually unlimited resources at its disposal, which should allow it to put out products that are unequivocally best-in-class. Not only that, but its products should remain best-in-class throughout their life cycles.

If Apple, for all of its resources, can't put out a phone that remains worthy of its premium price tag for a full year, then somebody at Apple isn't doing his or her job properly. Majority Of Americans Think Apple Should Unlock iPhone For FBI As the battle between the FBI and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) over unlocking iPhones continues to unravel, public opinion is skewing towards the government. The Pew Research Center recently conducted a survey where it asked people if the tech giant should unlock the iPhone used by one of the suspects in the San Bernardino terrorist attacks for the FBI.

Fifty-one percent of respondents said Apple should cooperate with the FBI, unlocking the iPhone in question, while only 38 percent said it shouldn't. It seems like this is not an ideological or partisan issue. Fifty-five percent of the Democrats and 56 percent of the Republicans polled favored the Department of Justice and the FBI.

Related Link: Apple Vs. FBI: Whose Side Is The Former NSA Director Michael Hayden On?

A factor that seemed to have a larger influence over the positions that Americans took was smartphone (especially iPhone) ownership. The chart below illustrates the stand of iPhone and smartphone owners on the Apple-FBI dispute.

Source: Statista

In case you missed it, check out CEO Tim Cook's open letter, where he makes a case for Apple and the safety of personal data, and against the demands of the DoJ and FBI.

Disclosure: Javier Hasse holds no positions in any of the securities mentioned above.

Posted-In: #AppleVsFBI DOJ FBI Pew Research CenterPolitics Crowdsourcing Tech General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc working on measures to make it harder for government to hack iPhones -NYT - Reuters  
2016-04-30
2 Suppliers That Are Too Exposed to Apple Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently disappointed investors with a 13% year-over-year sales decline during its second quarter. iPhone sales, which accounted for nearly two-thirds of its top line, fell 18% -- representing its first year-over-year decline since the device was introduced in 2007. iPad sales also fell 19%, marking its ninth consecutive quarter of declines, and Mac sales dipped 9%. Apple also expects revenue for the quarter to fall 13% to 17% annually, well below the consensus estimate for a 5% decline.

That's all terrible news for Apple, but it's arguably worse news for top-heavy suppliers that rely too heavily on the iDevice maker's orders. Let's examine two such companies which are highly dependent on Apple's growth -- Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS) and Invensense (NYSE:INVN) -- to see how badly they could be affected by Apple's slowdown.

Cirrus Logic

Cirrus Logic makes audio chips for Apple devices. 67% of its revenue came from Apple during the first nine months of fiscal 2016 (which ended on March 28) according to its latest 10-Q filing. We won't know how much revenue Apple contributed for the full year until Cirrus files its 10-K, but we know that Apple accounted for 72% of its total sales in fiscal 2015.

Due to that exposure, Cirrus' sales growth has fallen sharply over the past few quarters. After six consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, Cirrus' revenue fell 9% annually to $232 million last quarter. Cirrus also expects its revenue for the current quarter to fall 12% to 22%, well below Street expectations for a 9% decline.

But despite that sales decline, shares of Cirrus have risen nearly 20% since the beginning of the year. This is mainly due to the belief that Cirrus will supply a smart codec IC for noise-cancelling earbuds in the iPhone 7, which will likely swap its 3.5mm headphone jack for a Lightning port. If that happens, Cirrus can generate more revenue per iPhone, even if overall shipments stall or decline. Cirrus' full-year sales forecast for 15% growth in 2017, which is higher than the consensus estimate for 14% growth, strongly suggests that could happen.

Invensense

Invensense makes motion sensors for Apple devices. 40% of Invensense's revenue came from Apple during the first nine months of fiscal 2016 (which ended on March 29), up from 30% in fiscal 2015. Like Cirrus, Invensense posted six consecutive quarters of double-digit sales growth before slowing down to 4% growth last quarter. Analysts currently expect Invensense's revenue to fall 20% when it reports its fourth quarter earnings on May 9, but potentially revenue could rise 13% for the full year on sales of chips for the iPhone 7 and other devices.

Unfortunately, Invensense doesn't have as much hope of growing content share within iPhones and iPads as Cirrus. Instead, Apple notably stepped away from Invensense by letting its rival STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) supply the motion sensors for the Apple Watch. This means that Apple might ask STMicro, which supplied motion sensors for previous iPhones before Invensense, to supply its upcoming iDevices instead. STMicro has also been supplying more components to Samsung, which accounted for 18% of Invensense's revenue in the first nine months of 2016. That competitive pressure caused Invensense stock to slide 20% since the beginning of the year.

Invensense believes that it can diversify into new sensors for drones, security systems, connected cars, and other Internet of Things gadgets to reduce its dependence on Apple. However, STMicro and other chipmakers are already expanding into the same markets.

Invensense also hopes that its new "ultrasonic" fingerprint scanners, which can read fingerprints through glass, will convince companies to integrate fingerprint scanners directly into mobile displays.

Beware of investing in suppliers

Investing in supply chain players might seem like a good "backdoor" approach to profiting from successful and closely watched companies like Apple. However, investors should note that Apple has lots of clout in negotiating favorable prices, which forces suppliers to sell their components at lower margins. Apple also likes to rotate or split component production between suppliers, which means that orders from Apple shouldn't be considered a stable stream of long-term revenue.

Cirrus and Invensense aren't the only suppliers with double-digit exposure to Apple, but it's interesting to compare the two companies. Cirrus, which has supplied audio chips for multiple generations of iPhones, will likely remain reliable as it gains content share in future iPhones. Invensense, which only started supplying motion sensors to Apple with the iPhone 6, could lose that coveted spot to STMicro. That contrast reveals how quickly an Apple supplier's fortunes can turn, and why investors should exercise caution when investing in these companies. Apple Inc.'s R&D Spending Continues to Shoot Higher Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has dramatically bolstered its spending on research and development over the past several years, no doubt enabled by the company's tremendous revenue growth. Interestingly, even as the company sees a slowdown in its business, as sales are expected to plunge by around 14% year over year in the current quarter, Apple continues to increase its research and development spending.

Indeed, in the most recent quarter, Apple reported that its research and development spending increased from $1.918 billion in the year-ago quarter to a whopping $2.511 billion. Spending on a sequential basis was up around $100 million.

Let's see what Apple executives had to say about these increased investments even in the face of a challenging revenue and demand environment.

R&D up, but discipline in SG&A

On the call, CFO Luca Maestri pointed out that total operating expenses in Apple's most recent quarter were only up 10%, a figure that he says is the "lowest rate that [investors have] seen in years."

Diving a little bit deeper into the dynamics around operating expenses, Maestri pointed to "continued significant investments in research and development."

These investments, the executive said, are due to a number of factors. Here's Maestri:

We continue to invest in initiatives ahead of revenue. We have a much broader [product] portfolio than we used to have. We do much more in-house technology development than we used to a few years ago, which we think is a great investment for us to make.

As far as sales, general and administrative spending, or SG&A, Maestri noted that this figure actually came down year over year. That said, the difference between $3.46 billion and $3.423 billion is a virtual rounding error at the scale that Apple operates.

Apple wants a competitive expense-to-revenue ratio but won't starve the biz

Maestri's message was quite simple: Apple isn't going to put the brakes on research and development spending because the investments made in that area today will be what deliver revenue tomorrow. Apple is, however, going to continue to try to manage its SG&A "extremely rightly and in a very disciplined way."

"As you know, our expense-to-revenue ratio is around 10%," the executive said. "It's something that we're very proud of. It's a number that is incredibly competitive in our industry, and we want to keep it that way."

Investors should look forward to what this product pipeline will produce

Given the dramatic step up in research and development spending on Apple's part, I am inclined to believe CEO Tim Cook when he says that he's "very excited about what's in [Apple's product] pipeline."

The world's greatest technical and creative minds are going to be in high demand and collecting them all under one roof isn't going to be cheap. However, given Apple's tremendous wherewithal to invest in future products, it's good to see the company take the long view rather than focus solely on short term profits.

This fall, Apple is going to need to put out a dazzling set of products to persuade customers to upgrade their current iPhones to next-generation models and, at the same time, continue to bring non-iPhone users looking to upgrade to new devices into the iPhone fold. 
2016-06-03
Apple, Inc. Isn't So Simple Anymore For the longest time, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been driven by an intense focus on simplicity. That was a big part of Steve Jobs' legacy, and he embedded simplicity deep within Apple's corporate values. But things have taken a turn in recent years toward increasing levels of complexity, much of which is needless.

Don't just take my word for it -- Apple's former longtime ad man Ken Segall thinks so.

That's what he said

Writing at The Guardian, Segall highlights a handful of ways that Apple is becoming decidedly less simple, in everything from the company's marketing strategy to its product naming conventions. Segall also wrote a book, Insanely Simple, in 2012 all about Apple's "obsession" with simplicity, and how it has harnessed simplicity in remarkable ways. I highly recommend that all Apple investors read it.

For instance, Apple used to only make one iPhone and one iPad per year, but these days it offers a wider range of iPhones and iPads, as well as an array of display sizes and form factors. But this is a necessary byproduct of a growing business that benefits from addressing different market segments. In this case, increasing the complexity of the product portfolio is certainly a good thing. Compared to rivals that offer dozens upon dozens of negligibly different products, Apple's lineup still is pretty straightforward.

As far as marketing and product naming go, those topics probably hit home particularly hard for Segall, since he was literally the guy that came up with "iMac" and helped compose the iconic "Think Different" campaign. I've long agreed that iPhone naming is getting out of hand, with new model names becoming arbitrarily more complex. The company didn't even initially specify what SE stood for in the new iPhone SE, but marketing chief Phil Schiller confirmed shortly after introduction that it indeed stood for "special edition." Segall also takes issue with the S models, while acknowledging that Jobs started the convention.

The marketing strategy is also getting more complex. It used to just be a small talented group at a single longtime ad agency, but Apple has been building its own in-house marketing team for a couple of years now. It's been quite a while since Apple had a really memorable or hugely successful marketing campaign, and we've all tried our best to purge the horrendous "Genius" campaign from our collective memories.

Still simple, but more complex

Overall, Apple still very much values simplicity, but the company has been forced to compromise on the core value as a result of its sprawling global business. Some of these areas of growing complexity make sense and aren't necessarily negative, but other areas seem gratuitous.

Can we please get rid of iPhone numbers now? Apple Is The BlackBerry Of AI Apple is way behind in AI And it will not catch up in the next few years for several systemic reasons.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is years behind Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and others in AI, full stop. Recently, rumors about a Siri software development kit have sparked a debate about Apple's plans to compete in machine learning. This comes after a series of announcements and product launches from various major technology companies about new language-driven devices and services, e.g. the Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo or Google Home.

Seeking Alpha contributor Mark Hibben has speculated about Apple's capability of closing that gap, which he believes is not very large. In this article, I will give a number of reasons why I believe he is wrong and why Apple is structurally not able to catch up anytime soon.

click to enlarge)

The secrecy argument

First, I think there are some inaccuracies in Hibben's piece that I would like to comment on. Let me preface a critique with something nice: I really enjoy Mr. Hibben's Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) coverage and I know nobody can be an expert on everything, but I think he is wrong here based on my familiarity with the field.

A one sentence summary of his article would be that Mark Hibben is optimistic about Apple closing the perceived AI gap based on him believing it to be not very large in the first place, and second that Apple can easily deal with this by R&D, acquisitions and so forth. In his article, he states:

If it were any other company besides Apple, I would probably have bought the argument concerning secrecy. But this is Apple. Furthermore, I doubt that Apple's AI activities have attracted much attention from the media. We all know Apple's just a device company, right? And what the media want to know is what the next iPhone looks like. It's media attention that leads to information leaks out of Apple.

First, I would like to point out that "this is Apple" is not an argument but pure faith. History is littered with companies who seemed like they could do no wrong while they were at the top and no right when something new came along and they did not react in time. IBM (NYSE:IBM) was on top before Microsoft came along. Microsoft looked invincible in the 90s. To claim that a single technology company is the permanent historical exception is an unreasonable position and needs more specific arguments why that should be so.

Second, there is the secrecy argument. To this I would say that the AI world is not a large anonymous block. The community is driven by thought leaders in a few large tech organizations and a number of research clusters. It does not go unnoticed when Uber raids the CMU robotics department, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) hires Yann LeCun or Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) Harvard's Ryan Adams. Yes, Apple hires PhD engineers for Siri and acquires some small startups here and there, but Apple most definitely does not get any big names in the field on board to take the lead.

You might think it is not important for Apple to have big names on board, but the reason they are big names is that they have demonstrated vision and leadership in the field. Others want to work with them. Their projects can completely transform a business.

For instance, the team around Jeff Dean at Google has been responsible for MapReduce, the Google File system and many other tools that have made Google able scale to billions of users. The same Jeff Dean and his Google Brain team have then gone on to the Google Brain project, DistBelief and Google's move into deep neural networks, now TensorFlow as their general deep learning framework, and the Tensor Processing Unit.

Jeff Dean: Wouldn't you like this man to make a few billions for you too?

This is what Apple is lacking in software/AI and it would require a serious concerted effort from top management to lure people like that to the company. Right now, the only thing Apple can offer is money and I don't think they are focused enough to really go out there and convince someone. The founders of Siri have long moved on and founded a new virtual assistant startup, viv.ai, which looks technologically much more sophisticated than Siri and I have doubts they would be willing to sell to Apple again.

Apple has had its own Jeff Dean in product design, Jonathan Ive. I have been wondering why management has not recognized that it needs to put substantially more effort into finding someone like that for their software side.

Why Apple is the BlackBerry of AI

Mr. Hibben further contends that Apple's gap has mostly to do with search and tries to illustrate it by using Siri versus Google:

Although Arment may overstate the gap between Apple and its competitors in AI, there is a gap, and it's mostly to do with that key AI function of search. Apple's search capability just isn't as good as its competitors

Well, this is sort of like looking at the exhaust of a Ferrari and a Fiat Punto and then concluding that the Fiat must have an exhaust problem, but that should be easy to fix, because it is just an exhaust after all, right?

First, search is actually a task that can be performed well with 'traditional' statistical machine learning, it is a combination of information retrieval and probabilistic ranking. This is why search could already become a killer application 15-20 years ago - precisely because sophisticated AI was not required.

Recently, deep neural networks have provided us with a general model for non-linear function approximation inspired by how the brain processes sensory inputs, e.g. in the visual cortex. This has also improved applications like search by virtue of recurrent networks being able to capture sentence structures efficiently. However, this is really just a consequence of the fact that deep neural networks are just very powerful tools in general, not that search is a particular AI topic right now. Apple is lagging in search because it is lagging in deep learning, and that means it is lagging in all areas of AI.

Let me make this as clear as possible. Apple is not just behind a little in one topic of AI. Apple is behind in the whole infrastructure, management mentality and work environment needed to catch up.

Apple is the BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) of AI. Like BlackBerry did not recognize the value of touch screens soon enough, Apple missed out on the importance of the cloud, distributed systems infrastructure and data processing tools, and then ultimately AI. To be competitive in AI today, you need a whole infrastructure stack.

Apple is still setting up its own cloud infrastructure.

I know, I know, "hundreds of millions of users in the iCloud." To that, I would respond that the iCloud is technically not particularly hard because it's something called an embarrassingly parallel problem: the iCloud deals with the data of individuals and user data is completely independent from other users' data. It is quite literally just a question of setting up more data centers, load balancers, servers. This is nice for Apple because it is easy and nice for its users since they are assured nothing is done with their data. On the other hand, Apple is now lacking the kind of expertise companies like Google have built over the past decade while analyzing data from all their products and users to improve suggestions.

Conclusion

Bottom line, Apple will not catch up on AI anytime soon. A few more Siri engineers cannot compete with thousands of Google or IBM or Microsoft engineers who have spent over a decade on building the software infrastructure and doing the research that is finally coming to fruition in the second half of this decade. The Siri SDK will very likely be a 'me too' product and I would not be surprised if it is technically inferior to Google/Microsoft/viv.ai. AI research is at a stage where being competitive requires enormous infrastructure to deal with the data, it is not just about the research itself any more.

Apple will continue to sell their devices and generate handsome profits from them in the coming years, but they missed the train on AI and a reality check here is important. Even if management completely turned themselves around on the issue and Apple opened up a high-profile research unit that was allowed to publish (very important to researchers) and had endless resources, it would take a couple of years. Unfortunately, I just don't see Apple doing that.

If you enjoyed this article, scroll up and click on the "Follow" button next to my name to see updates on my future articles on software, machine intelligence and cloud computing in your feed.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Elon Musk: Apple, Inc. Will Be a Direct Competitor to Tesla While some investors may think Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumored electric car project is just a side project the tech giant may or may not follow through on, Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk is more certain. Apple will be a competitor to Tesla, Musk asserted onstage at Recode's 2016 Code Conference. But despite Apple's massive size, design prowess, and track record of successfully entering new markets, Tesla's Musk isn't worried about Apple getting in the way. Indeed, Musk believes Apple is moving too slowly.

A "missed opportunity"

Here's how Musk's conversation with Recode's Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher about Apple went.

After noting that Musk doesn't expect Alphabet to be a direct competitor to Tesla, but instead to license its self-driving technology to established auto manufacturers, Mossberg and Swisher asked Musk whether Apple would be a direct competitor or not.

"Yeah, that'll be more direct," Musk said.

Musk, however, didn't appear intimidated by Apple's potential foray into the nascent space.

"I think it's great that they're doing this -- you know -- and I hope it works out," he said.

But Musk believes Apple is late to the game.

"I think they should have embarked upon this project sooner actually," Musk said. "I don't think they'll be in volume production sooner than maybe 2020. That'll be like the soonest."

Asked whether he was insinuating it would be too late to compete with Tesla, Musk answered:

No, you know, it's just a missed opportunity. ... I think they'll probably make a good car and be successful; the car industry is very big, so it's not as though there is one company to the exclusion of others. I mean there's like a dozen car companies in the world of significance. And the most that any company has is approximately 10% market share. So, it's not like somebody comes up with a car and they're suddenly like -- they kill everyone else. And the sheer scale of automotive manufacturing is just hard to appreciate until you've seen the plants. I mean, they're just gigantic. ... The sheer size of the industrial infrastructure is staggering.

Musk also said he believes all auto manufacturers will eventually be competitors in the electric-car market.

Already competing for talent

Until Apple does launch its own electric car, the two companies are already competing directly in one important arena: human resources. Apple and Tesla have both have hired employees from each other.

One notable recent reported hire by Apple of a former Tesla employee was former Tesla vice president of vehicle engineering Chris Porritt. Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in September 2015 that any engineers lost up until that point weren't significant personnel. But Musk can't say the same thing after Apple's hire of Porritt. Porritt was a key Tesla executive.

But as Apple gets closer to bringing its rumored electric car to market, could the two companies battle for talent heat up even more?

While Musk's view of competition is likely subject to bias, it is true there is room for a handful of companies to be successful in the auto industry. And it's also true that investors often overestimate the likelihood of outcomes in which a company succeeds at the exclusion of a competitor. Given Apple's sheer size and history, however, it's worth keeping an eye on the tech giant's potential move into electric cars. Instant Analysis: IDC Forecasts iPhone Annual Sales Decline for Apple Inc. What happened?

Noted IT markets research company IDC has taken the chop to its 2016 smartphone sales projections, notably those of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone. IDC now anticipates that worldwide smartphone unit sales in 2016 will increase by 3.1% from the previous year to a total of 1.48 billion units. That's below the company's previous forecast of 5.7% growth to 1.50 billion units.

As for the iPhone specifically, IDC cut its estimates down into the red. Its new projections anticipate a 2% year-over-year decline in sales volume for the iconic brand to 227 million units. IDC previously believed sales would be flat for the period, holding steady at around 232 million.

Lower demand in mature markets such as the U.S. is a key reason for the revised estimates.

Does it matter?

Even if Apple stock enthusiasts buy into IDC's downbeat immediate-future scenario, they shouldn't bite their nails too much. The researcher opined that "Apple can bring iPhone back to growth in 2017 and beyond supported by its early trade-in program as well as the lower cost iPhone SE." It also pointed out, quite accurately, that the company is making an active effort to crack higher-growth markets such as the Middle East and India.

Still, Apple fans would do well to keep an eye on the competition. IDC forecasts better times for the company's arch-rival in the smartphone platform space, the Android operating system from Alphabet. IDC is forecasting year-over-year unit growth of 6.2% in 2016 for Android devices. This would give Alphabet's platform a market share of nearly 84% for the year, compared to just 15% for Apple devices. How weak iPhone 6s sales could actually help Apple Apple Inc. suffered its first iPhone sales decline in history last quarter, but analysts say the lack of upgrades during the iPhone 6s cycle has led to record pent-up demand ahead of the iPhone 7 launch.

On Thursday, Goldman Sachs axed its fiscal 2017 and 2018 earnings per share and iPhone unit estimates for Apple AAPL, -0.53% , citing overall weakness in the smartphone market. That followed data released by IDC on Wednesday, which predicted that the total global smartphone market would  substantially slow  in 2016. Apple and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% are seen as leading the declines, while sales of devices using Alphabet Inc. s GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% Android operating system are expected to grow, according to IDC.

Goldman s estimates on Apple are still above the consensus estimate despite the cut, and the bank maintained a buy rating on the stock, saying it believes consensus numbers are still too low given the growth in Apple s installed base and fact that many people haven t upgraded since the iPhone 6 or earlier.

 We expect an increase in upgrade with the iPhone 7 based on the pent-up demand evident in our recent U.S. consumer survey, combined with our estimate of 26% year-over-year growth in the iPhone installed base as of September 2016,  Goldman analyst Simona Jankowski wrote.

Apple s refurbished phone program and larger-than-ever installed base should help the company during the coming iPhone cycle, said BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long, who last month reiterated an outperform rating on the stock. In the near-term, pent-up demand is seen as helping to offset concerns of longer upgrade times and a lack of hardware innovation for the iPhone 7.

The lengthening upgrade periods are  a legitimate concern  that could  suppress growth over a multiyear time frame,  Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves said. He added that in the near term, though, the longer upgrade periods should trigger overwhelming demand when those consumers are ready to upgrade, even as the times between those bursts in demand are spread farther apart.

Apple s record installed base is seen as the company s biggest advantage at the moment. On their last earnings call, Apple executives said the iPhone installed base grew 80% in the last two years. At that rate, Long estimates that about 26% of iPhone owners have smartphones that are at least two years old, compared with 23% when the iPhone 6 was introduced.

Those numbers translate to about 120 million phones due for an upgrade, he said. Apple sold 133 million phones in the first two quarters after launching the iPhone 6.

 We believe the [iPhone 7] will drive an improved replacement rate even if it has lackluster features,  Long said. Similarly, Hargreaves said that concerns about a potential lack of innovation in the iPhone 7  underestimate the extraordinary growth in the user base over the past two years. 

While the iPhone 7 may help buoy sales in the first two quarters of Apple s next fiscal year, which begins in October, the company faces a number of challenges down the road. Smartphone saturation in developed markets; a slowdown in China, where it is facing competition from local manufacturers; and unpredictable regulatory hurdles in emerging markets, like India are still issues that a large iPhone refresh will have to mask.

Shares of Apple rose 0.3% to $98 in afternoon trade Friday. They re down 3.5% over the last three months and 25% in the past year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, meanwhile, is up 5% over the last three months and down 1.5% on the year. S&P assigns 'AA+' rating to Apple Inc's Australian dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes  
2016-08-31
Is Apple Inc. Preparing a Massive Mac Overhaul? Fans of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Mac personal computers are about to see a very long overdue refresh, according to a Bloomberg report that cites "people familiar with the matter." The report claims that the company's iMac desktops, MacBook Air, and MacBook Pro lines will all be improved.

These new Macs are expected to see the light of day "as soon as late 2016."

Let's take a look at what this refresh should mean for Apple's business, as it's been a while since the company released significant updates for many of its Mac product lines.

Setting up for nice year-over-year comparisons

Throughout Apple's fiscal 2016, the company's activity around the Mac was limited. It released upgraded iMacs in October 2015 and quietly refreshed the 12-inch MacBook in April, but the company's popular MacBook Air and MacBook Pro lines were left untouched.

Apple doesn't break down the mix of shipments of its different Mac lines, but I would imagine that the MacBook Air family is a significant volume driver for the company. The MacBook Pro likely ships in meaningfully lower volumes than the MacBook Air, but the average selling prices on those systems should be higher, magnifying its revenue and gross profit dollar impact to the overall Mac business.

This had the effect of making Apple's Mac lineup a little bit "stale," particularly as many of Apple's competitors in the personal computer market haven't exactly been standing still.

All told, Apple's lack of action on the Mac side of things seems to have had a real impact on the performance of the company's Mac business -- it's seen double-digit unit shipment declines in two of the last three quarters .

To be clear, Apple's Mac business isn't small, even relative to Apple's gargantuan revenue base. In the company's fiscal 2015, it brought in more than $25 billion in revenue -- good for more than 10% of Apple's roughly $234 billion in revenue that year.

The good news is that if Apple can roll out a bunch of new Mac products early on in the current fiscal year, the company will be setting itself up for growth in both unit shipments and average selling price.

What does Apple have planned?

Bloomberg makes it clear that Apple has a lot of interesting stuff cooking with its upcoming Mac products. The iMac is expected to get newer graphics processors, though it's not clear what other upgrades, if any, these systems will get. The current iMac models are already quite powerful and use modern hardware, so upgrades here would be nice, but they're not sorely needed as they are elsewhere in the Mac lineup.

Apple is also reportedly planning to launch "tweaked MacBook Air devices" with "multi-functional USB-C port technology." In addition to the enhancements that Bloomberg reports are incoming, it seems reasonable for Apple to update both the industrial design of the MacBook Air, whose current generation design is quite dated, as well as the display technology used in the device -- the display technology on the current models are nothing short of woefully behind the times.

Beyond design and display enhancements, I would expect Apple to utilize next-generation Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Skylake processors, which should help performance and battery life. The current MacBook Air models use chips based on Intel's older Broadwell architecture.

Finally, Bloomberg says that a "thinner MacBook Pro with a flatter keyboard is also in the pipeline." This new MacBook, Bloomberg says, will come with a "digital function key display above the keyboard" -- the OLED touch bar that KGI Securities analyst mentioned a while back.

These all sound great...

Although Apple has let many of its Macs go stale, it seems that what the company has planned is both significant and, frankly, exciting. It's not clear why it's taken so long for Apple to finally put together a comprehensive refresh of some of its most important product lines, but investors should hope that this phenomenon doesn't repeat. Here's Apple Inc.'s Next Big iPad Innovation Bloomberg, citing "people familiar with the matter," recently revealed one of the major enhancements that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to deliver with its next-generation iPad devices.

"The new iPad hardware will include a faster display technology that allows for smoother zooming, panning, and scrolling," Bloomberg reports.

Although this doesn't appear to tell us much, it's pretty clear what Apple is planning to introduce here: a display with a faster refresh rate.

Breaking the 60Hz barrier

A typical display updates, or "refreshes," itself many times in a given second. The displays on most personal computers, smartphones, and tablets refresh 60 times per second, or 60 Hertz. However, on high-end computer displays, particularly those targeted at gaming applications, that refresh rate can be much higher, reaching 144Hz or even higher.

The greater the refresh rate, the smoother virtually everything gets. It's one of those features that one doesn't realize is missing until one experiences a higher refresh rate display -- then it becomes quite difficult to go back to displays with slower refresh rates.

Bloomberg didn't indicate what refresh rate Apple's next-generation iPad displays will run at, but my guess is that it will be 120Hz, or double the speed of current iPad displays.

First to iPad, then to iPhone?

It makes sense that Apple will debut this technology with the 2017 iPad first. A display with a faster refresh rate is likely to be more difficult to build than one with a slower refresh rate, meaning that costs could be relatively high and supply might not be all that great.

This is certainly a feature that I would expect to come to the iPhone at some point. Keep in mind, however, that Apple relies on the iPhone for the majority of its revenue and gross profit dollars, meaning that Apple can't introduce the feature until it can be implemented at a reasonable cost structure.

Also note that the iPad is a much lower volume device than the iPhone, so building enough panels to meet iPad demand is probably much easier than building enough panels to meet iPhone demand.

That means it could be a while before Apple can bring a faster refresh rate to the iPhone. I wouldn't expect it until the 2018 iPhone at the earliest, and it wouldn't be a shocker if iPhone customers have to wait until the 2019 iPhone model to get a zippier display.

An interesting divergence between iPhone and iPad

One of the problems that Apple has faced with its iPad product lineup is that, to some extent, they have been cannibalized by large-screen iPhones. To combat this trend, Apple seems to be working to make products into compelling complementary devices.



I have to hand it to Apple: Rather than scaling back its efforts on the iPad and going all in on the iPhone, the company appears to be going full-steam ahead with both the iPhone and iPad. Other hardware makers seem to have shifted focus away from their tablet lineups and toward their large-screen smartphone offerings as tablet sales have fizzled.

Over the long term, Apple's tenacity could pay off. Even if the tablet market itself doesn't even return to huge growth rates, Apple may be poised to capture additional share at the high end of the market as other companies simply give up. Is Apple Pay Adding Merchants Fast Enough? Apple management has noted that "Apple Pay is growing  but actual metrics are not disclosed and the growth is off a very low base.

Retailers also are not moving from  Coming Soon  to actual integration at a fast pace. Six months after Apple cited three retailers as  coming soon,  only one has advanced.

We are optimistic about cashless payments generally and, in the past, have been enthusiastic about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay. However, our sense of Apple Pay is mixed at the moment. As we monitor the page of retailers that accept Apple Pay, we are concerned that it's not adding new merchants quickly enough.

Yes, the service is growing in terms of geographic reach. For example, Apple Pay debuted domestically in October of 2014 and expanded into the UK in July of 2015 and into China and Singapore more recently. Apple has indicated that it will soon expand Apple Pay to France, Hong Kong and Switzerland and a limited version of the service already is available in Australia and Canada. It goes without saying that Apple Pay will do better in certain markets than others. For instance, in China, Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) already was a major competitor in the digital payments space before Apple Pay entered the market. Other markets may be easier for Apple Pay to gain traction.

Moreover, Apple management has noted that "Apple Pay is growing... with more than five times the transaction volume of a year ago." Last month in Apple's quarterly earnings call, management said that Apple Pay's "estimated monthly active users (were) up more than 450% year on year" the prior month. However, actual metrics are not disclosed and the growth is off a very low base. Services revenue, the category in which Apple Pay is recorded, grew 23% in the first half of fiscal 2016 to 10% of total revenue from 7%, but Apple Pay is just one component of Service revenue.

The pace of new merchants that support Apple Pay seems to be slower than we would expect. In September 2014, Apple was available in 220,000 locations. The number of sites accepting Apple Pay has grown to over 2.5 million in the U.S., with the number of U.S. retailers that accepted Apple Pay at year-end 2015 up seven-fold since the service was launched, according to 9to5Mac. Nevertheless, that is not enough to make this a mainstream payment option.

Moreover in a February 2016 article, Fortune Magazine said "that Crate & Barrel, Chick-fil-A, and Au Bon Pain would soon accept" Apple Pay. However, six months later, only Crate & Barrel has moved to the list of merchants that accept Apple Pay in their stores. Chick-fil-A and Au Bon Pain are still classified as "Coming Soon" on the Apple Pay page.

Apple does continue to add new financial institutions that support the service. Earlier this month, the service added many new domestic banks, including several small regional and local institutions. This expansion is critical, as it is the layer in between the consumer and the merchant.

However, in order to become better penetrated, Apple Pay needs to accelerate its merchant expansion. A recent rewards program integration is positive news. Kohl's (NYSE:KSS) became the first retailer to link rewards to Apple Pay, enabling consumers to use Apple Pay and earn Kohl's reward points. We view this positively for Apple Pay and would even like to see Apple Pay offer its own rewards to incentivize consumers to use the service and give users two reward options - the merchant rewards and Apple Pay. Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX), for example, offers rewards such as free drinks to people who use the cashless Starbucks card. Starbucks is often cited as one of the most successful companies driving electronic payments.

Digital Cash Expected to Grow

Maybe part of what we perceive as slowness in driving merchant integration is just the early stage of contactless payments in the U.S. In fact, according to Digital Trends, Apple Pay dominates the domestic contactless payments market, accounting for "75 percent of all contactless payments in the U.S.," but mobile wallets are a niche product at this early point. Domestically, only 0.2% of all in-store sales were paid for using smart devices in 2015, according to research firm eMarketer.

Until recently, POS (point of sale) electronic transactions had been constrained by older POS infrastructure that could not accept electronic payments. This is changing as retailers upgrade technology. As a result, transactions continue to shift to online and mobile, driven by expanding access to the internet - an estimated 438 million mobile devices in the U.S. accessed the internet in 2013, and this metric is expected to reach more than 690 million devices in 2018 - and the increasing adoption of electronic payments.

The U.S. also has lagged other markets in electronic payment adoption but is expected to catch up. According to First Data (NYSE:FDC), the slower U.S. adoption is "primarily due to the greater complexity of its financial and communications ecosystems," including a "diverse array of handset manufacturers, mobile network operators, financial institutions, and payment networks," which have had difficulty reaching agreement on m-commerce standards and economics along the value chain. The mobile percentage of total e-commerce transactions in the U.S. is slightly lower than the worldwide average, at 29% compared to 34% globally.

Growing mobile penetration and increased consumer reliance on mobile shopping apps that provide price comparisons or product reviews also are expected to fuel mobile device spending. There are roughly 1.3 billion active credit and debit accounts globally compared to about 5.3 billion active mobile phone accounts. Recent data indicates that mobile payment is growing globally at approximately 50% each year.

The transition to EMV (Europay-MasterCard-Visa (NYSE:V)) technology is another likely catalyst for growth. EMV is a global standard for credit cards equipped with computer chips. This technology is different from the traditional metallic strip on older credit cards. Moreover, as of October 1, 2015, if a retailer does not have an EMV-compliant terminal, it could be liable for any transactions found to be fraudulent, according to First Data. The SPA (Smart Payment Association) notes that 2,060 million payment chip cards were shipped globally in 2015, up 34% versus 2014, fueled partially by EMV upgrades in the U.S.

Conclusion

With Apple Pay, Apple hopes to become a leader in the emerging - and already competitive - electronic payments space. If Apple can create an attractive network of retailers that accept the service, Apple Pay could be a feature enhancing stickiness among Apple users. It could also become a meaningful new revenue stream over time but we need to see more active merchant integration of the service to be confident about its future.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-04-01
Apple Inc. vs. the FBI Reaches an Unexpected Conclusion, but It's Not Over Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) standoff with the FBI recently ended after the agency abruptly announced that it had unlocked the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters without the tech giant's help. A few days later, the FBI reportedly agreed to help an Arkansas prosecutor unlock an iPhone and iPod owned by two teenagers accused of murder.

The Wall Street Journal previously reported that the U.S. government was trying to unlock "about a dozen" iPhones for similar purposes, so more requests for the FBI's help will likely follow. This unexpected development could be bad news for Apple and other tech companies engaged in privacy battles with law enforcement agencies.

Why this is bad news for Apple

In an open letter to customers on Feb. 16, Apple CEO Tim Cook warned that providing law enforcement agencies with a "master key" to its devices would "undermine decades of security advancements that protect our customers -- including tens of millions of American citizens -- from sophisticated hackers and cybercriminals."

But now the FBI has found its own way to unlock iPhones, and it's unlikely to share the technical details with Apple, which would try to patch the vulnerability. To make matters worse, the hacking community could figure out the exploit before Apple, which would endanger the iPhone data of all owners. Such a blow would exacerbate Apple's current security headaches, which include a new malware outbreak on iPhones and iPads and a new "ransomware" attack on Macs. Hacks and attacks like these tarnish Apple's reputation for selling devices that are "more secure" than those running Android or Windows.

The enterprise and overseas markets

The FBI's announcement could also impact Apple's ambitions in the enterprise market and in China. Over the past few years, Apple's iPhones have been approved for various high-security organizations and enterprises which previously only used BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) devices. Cook has repeatedly claimed that enterprise demand will save the iPad, sales of which have fallen for eight consecutive quarters.

In February, The New York Times reported that Apple was developing security measures that would make it "impossible" to unlock its phones. Unfortunately, Apple's recent security headaches and the FBI's new ability to unlock iDevices probably haven't impressed enterprise customers with sensitive data.

Apple's reputation could also take a hit in overseas markets, which have grown increasingly suspicious of U.S. tech companies after the Snowden leaks revealed their connections to the NSA's PRISM surveillance project. To allay concerns in China, its fastest growing market, Apple reportedly let the government run security checks on all Apple devices and moved Chinese users' data to Chinese servers. Unfortunately, the revelation that the U.S. government now owns a "master key" to its iDevices might hurt Apple's sales in China, which generated nearly a fourth of its sales last quarter.

Bad news for other tech companies

Many tech companies rallied behind Apple in its battle against the FBI for similar reasons. One major supporter was Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), which is currently engaged in a standoff with the U.S. government over a request for an American customer's emails stored on its Irish server. Like Apple, Microsoft faces similar scrutiny overseas -- the German government once warned that Windows 8 could be used as an NSA backdoor, and the Chinese government banned the installation of Windows 8 on its government computers.

The key conflict is that U.S. tech companies are trying to distance themselves from the Snowden and PRISM debacle, but U.S. law enforcement agencies believe that tech companies are obligated to unlock their products if they contain vital information for a criminal case.

No easy answers

There aren't any easy ways to resolve this conflict of interest. Some will argue that the U.S. government shot itself in the foot with PRISM, and that tech companies shouldn't be treated like extensions of law enforcement agencies. But others will claim that tech companies are adopting a naive and dangerous position, which empowers and emboldens criminals -- like the inmate who reportedly called Apple's encrypted OS a "gift from God" -- while protecting their overseas interests.

It's unclear if Apple can stop the FBI from unlocking iDevices, but the rules of the game have certainly changed. Law enforcement agencies might stop asking tech companies for help and hack the devices themselves, which would raise troubling questions about data privacy. 
2016-11-15
Should Apple, Inc. Investors Be Worried About a Trump Trade War? Like many tech companies, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares have been rather weak in the wake of last week's election of Donald Trump. While most of the big names in Silicon Valley are most threatened by the possibility of tighter immigration laws cutting off their supply of high-skilled engineering talent coming from all around the world, Apple has some unique risks related to President-elect Trump.

Specifically, Apple is one of the few major tech companies that predominantly sells hardware and gadgets -- devices that are imported from contract manufacturers based in China. During his campaign, Trump made vows to impose a wide range of protectionist import tariffs. Shares fell 2.5% yesterday on fears that Trump will provoke a full-on trade war with the Middle Kingdom, which China's state-run Global Times vowed would be painful for both countries, even calling out the iPhone by name:

China will take a tit-for-tat approach then. A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.

How much should Apple shareholders be worried?

No one can predict what Trump will do

The market hates uncertainty, but unfortunately there's no real indication as to whether or not Trump will follow through on his plan to impose an import tariff. That's actually true of many parts of Trump's campaign, given his fundamental unpredictability. No one knows what will prove to be just rhetoric, or what Trump will actually try to do.

For what it's worth, Trump told The New York Times earlier this year that he would attempt to impose a 45% import tariff on goods coming in from China, only to deny a week later that he said that. (The New York Times responded by releasing the audio recording of Trump citing the 45% tariff.) Jacking up the entry-level price of an iPhone from $650 to over $940 would certainly hurt Apple and its competitiveness. The silver lining is that a 45% import tariff isn't likely to happen. Trump will have some ability to raise tariffs if he really wants to -- just probably not by 45%.

Presidents are only allowed to impose tariffs of up to 15% for 150 days in order to address balance of payments deficits, thanks to the Trade Act of 1974. However, a president can raise tariffs under the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 if the purpose is to strengthen national security. There's also the International Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977 that allows the president to restrict trade due to a "national emergency."

Even if Trump can't implement a massive 45% tariff, the president does have the ability to unilaterally impose some type of tariff under various circumstances.

Apple can't bring manufacturing back

On the campaign trail, Trump called out Apple by name on numerous occasions, saying he would force the Mac maker to bring manufacturing back to the U.S. In January, Trump said, "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries." A couple months later, he said, "Apple and all of these great companies will be making their products in the United States, not in China, Vietnam."

Unfortunately for Trump, it's simply not possible for Apple to bring back manufacturing. Steve Jobs bluntly told President Obama in 2012, "Those jobs aren't coming back." It's not just about labor costs, either. Over the past couple of decades, the U.S. shifted away from type of mid-level manufacturing engineering that's needed to manufacture things at this scale. When Apple was developing the original iPhone, it needed almost 9,000 industrial engineers to work on manufacturing. It would have taken 9 months to recruit that army in the U.S. Apple did it in China in two weeks.

Not to mention the fact that beyond contract manufacturing, the majority of Apple's component supply chain is based in Asia. If Apple were to theoretically even try to bring manufacturing stateside, the massive logistics costs of shipping components and other parts of the value chain all around the world would offset a meaningful portion of what it would be trying to avoid in import tariffs, particularly as those components would presumably be subject to import tariffs.

In other words, short of the entire global consumer electronics supply chain moving from Asia to the U.S., no U.S.-based consumer electronics company could completely escape the potential of increased import tariffs. But more importantly, if the end goal of bringing a meaningful number of manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. via a trade war is unrealistic and literally impossible, and the consequence would be to devastate the U.S. economy, then hopefully Trump won't pull the tariff trigger. Apple and The Conservation Fund advance forest protection efforts Apple recognizes forests are a tremendous natural resource, and is committed to minimizing its impact by sourcing paper responsibly and using it as efficiently as possible. The company is working to protect and create enough responsibly managed forests around the world to cover all its packaging needs and produce fiber for generations. In 2015, Apple launched a partnership with The Conservation Fund to protect 36,000 acres of sustainable forest in the Eastern United States through the use of conservation easements, which help ensure the working forests remain forests. Apple is also partnering with World Wildlife Fund in China to transition up to one million acres of forest into responsible management by 2020. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Google Glass augmented reality glasses went gone down in flames. However, that first public crash of the AR smart glasses concept does not appear to have scared off Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). The company is reportedly testing its own version of the connected eyeglasses.

Source: United States Patent and Trademark Office/ Apple

What do we know about the top-secret  Apple Glasses  project?

Bloomberg was the first to press with news that AAPL is moving from patent applications to prototypes with its Apple Glasses project. According to the report, the company has been in discussion with potential component suppliers.

And it seems to have gone beyond the discussion phase. According to Bloomberg s sources, Apple has ordered a small number of near-eye displays for testing. This is the technology that s at the heart of AR smart glasses.

AAPL s Stealthy Approach to AR and Smart Glasses

Apple has a well-deserved reputation as a company that takes a wait-and-see approach to new technology. It studies the efforts of the early releasers, learns from their mistakes, then pounces with a version of its own that blows away the competition. It did that with the iPod, the iPhone and the iPad.

And it s showing all signs of doing that with smart glasses.

In this case, the early releaser was Alphabet. Its venture into AR glasses had a promising start but collapsed under high prices, an elitist release approach and privacy concerns that culminated in the whole  Glassholes  issue.

Apple has been watching all this time. And CEO Tim Cook has signaled the company s interest in augmented reality technology repeatedly. For example, in July during an AAPL earnings report, he was quoted as saying:

 AR can be really great. We have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We re high on AR in the long run and we think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. 

MacRumors and other websites have been tracking the clues about what AAPL has been up to. There have been AR/VR acquisitions, patents and experimental Apple takes on Facebook Inc s (NASDAQ: FB ) Oculus Rift and the Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) Hololens. Apple also is rumored to have built up a large team that s focused on exploring AR and VR technology.

All of this observing and experimenting, combined with a growing consumer interest in AR, may now be culminating in Apple Glasses.

The question then becomes  When? 

Next Page  Designed by Apple in California  chronicles 20 years of Apple design In the book s foreword, Ive explains:

While this is a design book, it is not about the design team, the creative process or product development. It is an objective representation of our work that, ironically, describes who we are. It describes how we work, our values, our preoccupations and our goals. We have always hoped to be defined by what we do rather than by what we say.

We strive, with varying degrees of success, to define objects that appear effortless. Objects that appear so simple, coherent and inevitable that there could be no rational alternative. 
2016-11-25
Apple Inc. Gobbles Up 91% of Smartphone Profits in Q3 According to a report from market research company Strategy Analytics, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) gobbled up a whopping 91% of the $9.4 billion in operating profit that the smartphone industry generated during the third quarter of 2016.

"Apple's ability to maximize pricing and minimize production cost is hugely impressive, and the iPhone continues to generate monster profits," the press release read.

Rounding out the top four most profitable smartphone vendors were Huawei in second place with a 2.4% operating profit share, and Vivo and OPPO tying for third place with 2.2% each.

All other smartphone vendors, which Strategy Analytics lumped into a category called "Others," generated -- in aggregate -- the remaining 2.2% of the operating profit to be had in the industry during the third quarter.

Let's take a closer look at what this means for Apple investors.

A double-edged sword

On one hand, it's incredible that Apple can gobble up so much of the industry's profits. Its performance speaks to the quality of Apple's business.

On the other hand, such immense profit share means a couple of things:

Apple has limited room to grow its profit share. Apple's competitors are going to compete fiercely to try to grab additional profit share, putting Apple on the defensive.

Now, while commanding so much of the industry's profits is risky, it's not necessarily a "doomsday" scenario for the company. Great companies like Apple can often grow the total amount of profit that an industry generates by fundamentally increasing the value the industry delivers to consumers.

For example, let's suppose Apple can persuade a customer to, instead of buying a $300 phone from Huawei or OPPO, buy a $700-plus iPhone. In this case, Apple is growing the total profit pool in the industry, since Apple's gross-margin dollars on a $700 iPhone is going to be much greater than what the alternative phone would generate for whichever company is selling it.

Doing this isn't easy, though. Apple pulled it off during the iPhone 6 cycle, when it saw large increases in average selling prices and unit shipments, but it was unable to replicate that success in the following iPhone 6s cycle. In fact, Apple lost share during that cycle, with its unit shipments declining year over year even in a market that grew.

Looking to the future

It's too soon to tell for sure how the iPhone 7 cycle will play out for Apple in terms of unit and profit share, though the initial success of the higher-priced iPhone 7 Plus model is certainly encouraging. However, I believe that all eyes are on Apple's coming iPhone cycle, during which the company is expected to release a radically redesigned iPhone with a curved OLED display.

It is during that cycle that Apple has the potential to drive both significant unit share gains and a substantial boost in average selling prices. Should those things come to pass, Apple's unit, revenue, and profit share within the smartphone market could be poised to move higher than the 91% it saw in the third quarter of this year. Better Buy: Apple Inc. vs. IBM The past year has seen something of a reversal of fortunes for shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM). While Apple has outperformed IBM shares in recent years, the opposite has held true over the past 12 months.

So, is Apple stock or IBM stock the more attractive opportunity today? Let's examine each of these tech giants across three important investment and business criteria to determine which stock is the better buy.

Financial fortitude

Both companies are well-established and hugely profitable enterprises. However, there can be little doubt that Apple outshines IBM when it comes to the strength of its financial resources. Here's a quick overview of the two companies' most pertinent balance sheet and leverage ratios.

Company Name Cash & Investments Debt Cash From Operations (TTM) Current Ratio Apple $237.4 billion $87.0 billion $65.8 billion 1.35x IBM $14.9 billion $42.4 billion $18.5 billion 1.20x

Importantly, as of its most recent quarter, $216 billion of Apple's cash and investments are held overseas to avoid paying repatriation taxes that could eat billions from the company's gross cash balance. As such, the number in the chart above overstates Apple's actual day-to-day liquidity, though Apple is confident its liquidity remains sufficient to fund its continued business needs.

IT giant IBM also adeptly manages its balance sheet. The company leverages its investment-grade credit rating as a source of cheap financing, and its strong cash generation allows it to do so without placing its liquidity in jeopardy. As perhaps the bluest of the blue chips, IBM's century-plus legacy of successful management makes its sensible capital structure unsurprising. In a showdown of financial fortitude, IBM would trounce most businesses. However, when compared against the most profitable company ever, IBM loses this battle through no fault of its own.

Winner: Apple

Durable competitive advantages

Although Apple and IBM enjoy identifiable competitive advantages, each company also has a weak point or two in their business models that investors should understand.

Regarding IBM's strengths, the company remains an absolute beast when it comes to R&D output. In fact, IBM was granted the most patents in the U.S. for the 23rd consecutive year in 2015. This commitment to research has allowed IBM to adapt and continually thrive in the constantly shifting world of technology. It's no accident that IBM has been able to leapfrog across generational shifts in technology, reorienting its business from punch card computers, to mainframes, to PCs, to servers and consulting, to its current focus on analytics, big data, and the like. It takes a truly special company to survive a single generational shift in the tech sector, so IBM's ability to continually remake itself for more than a century speaks to the company's strength in consistently developing and monetizing new technologies.

In terms of IBM's weaknesses, the shift toward cloud computing presents a new set of challenges for Big Blue. Cloud computing enables companies to more cost-effectively access computing power since companies no longer need to own their own servers and other computing hardware. While hugely beneficial for customers, this decreased cost of computing also lowers the switching costs between cloud software vendors to some extent, though major data migrations are certainly still a massive and risky undertaking.

Turning to Apple, the world's largest company clearly enjoys a few competitive advantages, the largest of which is its closed-loop operating system. Unlike Alphabet's Android OS, consumers can only access Apple's software and app ecosystem by buying the company's high-priced hardware. Using Apple services like iCloud, iTunes, and more creates something of a switching cost for consumers, though third-party applications like Spotify in music diminish this to an extent. Apple's comprehensive emphasis on design also reinforces its product's appeal against the competition. It's no accident that the overwhelming majority of iPhone users purchase another iPhone when they replace their smartphones.

Furthermore, Apple's globally recognized brand is perhaps its single most valuable asset. Virtually unanimously agreed upon as the most valuable brand in the world, the Apple brand alone is worth an estimated $170 billion. Few brands, if any, can evoke the kind of emotional response Apple's does, and its repeated ability to define itself as more than just a technology company also helps support its high-margin business model.

At the same time, Apple is, at its core, a product-driven business and thus remains exposed to the usual risk factors facing a company that is always only as good as its next product. Apple's more recent upgrades have seemed somewhat incremental. The Apple Watch 2, iPhone 7, and MacBook Pro refreshes, for instance, all offered moderate improvements over their predecessors. However, Apple's ability to attract and retain tech talent and design talent still makes it highly likely the company will continue to churn out winning products for the foreseeable future.

Winner: Tie

Valuation

Apple and IBM are mature, highly profitable companies. It should come as no surprise, then, that both Apple and IBM are each valued at a substantial discount to the overall market.

Company Name P/E Ratio Forward P/E Ratio EV/EBITDA Ratio Dividend Yield Apple 13.4x 11.1x 8.3x 2.00% IBM 13.2x 11.6x 10.4x 3.40%

Clearly, both companies are cheap. The question then becomes, are they too cheap? In each case, I think the answer is a clear yes.

Apple's top line may remain somewhat stagnant until the launch of the reportedly dramatic redesign of the iPhone 8 next year. However, the company continues to be an emerging capital return dynamo, giving Apple the ability to engineer bottom-line growth regardless of its top-line progress.

Similarly, IBM's business model transition will take years to complete. Replacing its current revenue base with sales from new businesses means its top line could stay flat at the IT giant for some time. However, like Apple, the company's outsized profitability also gives it the ability to deliver EPS and dividend growth regardless of its near-term top-line changes.

Winner: Tie

And the winner is...Apple

To be clear, I like both IBM and Apple stock right now. IBM shares are dirt-cheap at a time when the market as a whole looks anything but, and its business model pivot has clearly gained traction. However, Apple's moderately larger revenue growth story and greater financial resources give the Cupertino tech giant a larger degree of flexibility in terms of how it can produce sustained EPS growth in the years to come. So, while IBM looks like an attractive stock to buy, too, Apple shares appear to be the better buy today. Apple Will Buy Back Stock Rather Than Build US Factories It's no secret. President-Elect Donald Trump is not a fan of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) manufacturing strategies. During the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly attacked Apple for outsourcing manufacturing of iPhones and other electronics to China. Trump took a tough stance against manufacturing outsourcing prior to winning the election proposing tariffs on Chinese-manufactured goods being imported to the U.S. and labeling China as a currency manipulator. As a populist Republican candidate, Trump took aim at Apple in particular at one point stating the U.S. federal government will "get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones in our country, not China." Trump's rhetoric caused a period of decline in tech stocks directly after his surprising victory as corporations and investors alike tried to determine what policy implications Trump's plans would have on big tech companies who have been outsourcing American jobs by the tens of thousands over the last few decades.

Trump's Policy Proposals

Trump recently revealed to the New York Times that he received a phone call from Apple CEO Tim Cook in which policy proposals were elaborated upon. "I said 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States instead of China. We'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about." What Trump was referring to here are plans to cut the corporate tax rate 20 points from 35% down to 15%, which the Trump administration believes is absolutely necessary to provide incentives for investments in manufacturing in the U.S. On top of that, Trump would reduce costly manufacturing regulations which do not exist in many other parts of the world.

Repatriation Will Not Lead to New U.S. Factory Investments

Additionally, Trump has pointed out the massive quarter trillion-dollar stack of cash that Apple has been keeping overseas to avoid massive U.S. taxes which gives them a slight competitive advantage. Trump has argued that providing a grace period for repatriation of capital at a lower than normal tax rate would entice large corporations such as Apple to bring large sums of cash home and invest in manufacturing in the U.S. He's proposed a short-term "tax holiday" to begin to facilitate the transfer of capital back into the states from Ireland and other countries that have provided Apple more favorable tax structures. A repatriation tax of roughly 10% would be put on the books temporarily and, if that were to occur, the addition to Apple's balance sheets would serve investors well. The repatriation proposal seems realistic considering a Republican majority in the House and Senate. So, from where we sit right now, it looks like there's a good chance Apple will bring some cash home. However, whether or not that will lead to investments in U.S. manufacturing is up for debate. Regardless of tax and regulatory easing, the idea would be risky and costly. Apple employs roughly 110,000 worldwide which its suppliers employ nearly 1.6 million.

Rising labor costs in China are being seen as likely to have a positive influence on U.S. manufacturing. When combined with serious tax and regulatory cuts, the proposition becomes more attractive yet still remains unlikely. While it is true that Chinese labor costs are set to exceed U.S. labor costs sometime in the next decade, that isn't a positive reinforcement that Apple or suppliers would be willing to start building factories in the U.S. Instead, we'd like see a continuation of recent trends for labor costs being outsourced from China to countries like the Philippines, Indonesia and Thailand where labor costs remain lower than China and, according to Economist.com, will likely not catch up to labor costs in the U.S. or China anytime soon.

So, what will Apple do with all its newly-repatriated cash? The new additions to Apple's balance sheets will facilitate the transfer of profits back to Apple shareholders through likely increases in dividends coupled with stock buybacks. Other tech firms have hinted that repatriation of capital will occur if tax policy becomes more permissive. There is little doubt companies will be willing to bring home cash. Meg Whitman, CEO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE), hammered in the idea that reduced repatriation tax rates would benefit U.S. corporations. "Corporate tax rate reductions to make us more competitive on a world stage would be helpful. A tax holiday on all the cash that we have overseas, bringing that back at a 10% rate, that would be helpful to us as well," she stated in a recent interview with CNBC. The addition of large influxes of cash onto balance sheets can benefit shareholders through investments in the economy, but it's more likely corporations will choose to buyback stock instead of building factories, according to CNBC.

On top of public outcries from CEOs, insiders are confident the tax holiday proposal will become law. Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) already is factoring in tax holiday gains in its 2018-2019 projections. However, they aren't predicting a boom in U.S manufacturing investments as a result. Instead, the firm agrees that stock buybacks are likely to be the most prevalent outcome of the policy judging by what happened in 2004 - the last time a repatriation tax holiday was in effect. "A significant portion of returning funds will be directed to buybacks based on the pattern of the tax holiday in 2004," according to a group of prominent Goldman analysts. The firm is predicting share buybacks to increase by 30% to $780 billion in 2017.

Apple Inc's Cash Flow

Compare to Apple Inc's Dividend History

The Bottom Line

Donald Trump has vowed to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S., calling out Apple by name as a company he'd like to see building factories in the U.S. during his tenure as president of the United States. He's calling for large corporate tax cuts as well as a tax holiday of 10% for repatriation of capital back into the U.S., which he believes will make the U.S. a more competitive manufacturing environment, signaling investors to build factories and products in America once again. Analysts and laymen alike are forecasting that the likeliness of a repatriation tax holiday passing are high, but companies like Apple will buy back stock as a result instead of building iPhones or MacBook's in the U.S. That's bad news for Trump supporters who are relying on his policies to bring manufacturers back to parts of the U.S. and create jobs for their families once again, but it's good news for investors in AAPL who will most likely see stock prices and dividends rise. If you aren't already holding Apple, now is as good of a time as ever to get in with stock prices hovering at $111 per share, right around their 50-day moving average.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc: 3 Reasons To Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Now Apple Inc. accounted for over 90% of global smartphone profits in Q3 2016.

There are multiple reports of Apple releasing an OLED iPhone model in 2018.

With reports of 100M orders for OLED displays, Is Apple setting up for a massive FY 2018?



Flickr

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could be setting up for a strong finish to calendar year 2016. Apple stock has reversed all the losses which had been incurred in the trading sessions following the Trump victory. With the stock gaining over 6% from its recent lows, is this a 'dead cat' bounce or the beginning of a long-term rally? Should you sell on the bounce or buy on the dip? These are questions which could crop up in the minds of investors.

Apple Stock Is Trading At Throwaway Valuations

Apple stock is currently trading at a trailing twelve month (TTM) PE ratio of 13.4 (based on Nov 23 close price) and PS ratio of 2.77, both of which are at a discount to the long-term (5 year) average multiples the stock has enjoyed. The stock is also trading at a discount to its industry, as pointed out by fellow contributor Stavros in his recent Apple post. What makes the Apple bullish thesis stronger are the high return ratios (ROE of 36%) which the company continues to deliver, which come along with the industry-leading profit margins. (See also: Trump Fears Didn't Drag Apple Inc Stock, This Did)

Talking about profitability, a recent report by strategy analytics puts things into perspective. The analytics powerhouse stated that Apple cornered 91% of global smartphone profits in Q3 2016. Quoting from the report:

We estimate the global smartphone industry realized total operating profits of US$9.4 billion during Q3 2016. Apple dominated and captured a record 91 percent share of all smartphone profits worldwide. Apple s ability to maximize pricing and minimize production cost is hugely impressive and the iPhone continues to generate monster profits. Huawei, Vivo and OPPO are the next three most profitable smartphone vendors globally this quarter, but they are still a long way behind Apple.

With Samsung out of the race in the premium segment until their next major product launch (in April 2017), Apple should be able to leverage the vacuum created by Samsung's loss and will take home majority of the profits in this space for at least the next 2 quarters. Apple is leaving no stone unturned to make the most of this opportunity, with the company announcing a one day sale on Black friday.

Apple Is Setting Up For A Strong 2018

Various reports from multiple sources, including Barclays, Nikkei and KGI's Ming Chi Kuo have provided conflicting inputs with respect to the iPhone launch in 2017. While the reputed KGI securities analyst and Nikkei expect Apple to launch 3 models in 2017, Barclays expects the company to launch just 2 models. However, they all seem to agree on one thing: OLED screens on one of the iPhone models in 2017. We could have a strong year in 2018, which will see analysts updating their growth forecasts as greater details emerge. The result will be re-rating of the stock driven by multiple expansion as well as stronger than expected EPS growth.

As reported by Bloomberg, Apple Inc. has placed an initial order for 100M OLED screens with Samsung, which are to be delivered in 2017. These screens are to be shipped through Apple's FY 2017 (October 2017-September 2018). As per the Bloomberg report:

Apple s initial OLED order from Samsung is for 100 million units over one year, according to people familiar with the agreement. Even so, Samsung will probably only be able to deliver a portion of that for the 2017 holiday period. Apple shipped about 75 million iPhones in the 2015 holiday quarter, and some analysts estimate that as many as 90 million could be sold in the last three months of 2017.

To put things in perspective, Apple shipped 211M iPhones in the just-concluded FY 2016. Wall Street expectations for the December quarter iPhone shipments range from 74M (UBS) to 78M (Canaccord Genuity), with a midpoint of 76M. With some analysts expecting Apple to ship 90M units in the first quarter of FY 2018, Apple could well be headed for massive iPhone-driven growth in 2018. (See also: Is Apple Inc. Stock Still A Great Buy?)

Apple is also expected to make radical form factor changes (Flexible larger OLED screen) and feature additions (speculated wireless charging) to iPhone models in 2018. Form factor changes in the past (iPhone 6 cycle) generated tremendous market share gains and strong growth (record year in FY 2015). Also, with Apple offering the same form factor on three generations of the iPhone (6, 6S and 7), pent up demand from iPhone users looking for a radical change before their next upgrade will also be higher than earlier cycles. A repeat of market share gains and strong growth looks highly probable based on past customer response to radical changes in the iPhone.

Apple Stock Technicals Indicate An Uptrend

AAPL stock has bounced off its 200 day moving average after having moved lower through the last week. With the stock now approaching its 50 day moving average (112.82), any breakout above the 50 day moving average on strong volumes will be a strong buy signal. Given the strength in the NASDAQ composite and NASDAQ 100 indexes (both up 2%+ in last 5 trading sessions), a breakout above the 50 day moving average looks highly probable over the next few trading sessions. Apple stock looks perfectly set for a Santa Claus rally.

Conclusion

To sum up, we could have a strong year in 2018, which will see analysts updating their growth forecasts as greater details emerge. Given the current low valuations of Apple stock, the underside risk appears to be minor. AAPL stock looks set for a strong long-term rally driven by multiple expansion as well as EPS surprises. Hence, long-term investors should buy into AAPL stock at the depressed current valuations.

Looking to invest in technology companies? Here are our latest Tech Stock Picks which have outperformed the NASDAQ by over 110%. 
2016-11-13
Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Next year, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is expected to release three iPhone models, according to Nikkei. Two of them will reportedly include 4.7-inch and 5.0-inch liquid crystal displays, while a third so-called "premium" option will use a curved OLED display.

Continue Reading Below

Image source: Apple.

Interestingly, in The New York Times' review of this year's iPhone 7, the site said the next-generation iPhone will "have a full-screen face with the virtual button built directly into the screen," citing sources within Apple.

I believe that to enable this form factor in the models incorporating liquid crystal displays, Apple may use a new technology that longtime iPhone display supplier Japan Display called a "full active" liquid crystal display, or LCD.

What's a full-active LCD?

According to Japan Display, a full-active LCD uses a "new high-density wiring layout and new processing and module assembly technologies" to "reduce the bottom bezel [of a smartphone] to be as narrow as the other three sides."

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

"This newly designed LCD module structure will allow the size of a smartphone device to be nearly the same as the display size," a press release from Japan Display reads.

Japan Display also said it "aims to start mass production of this display by the end of March, 2017." This suggests that the technology should be ready in time to support next-generation iPhone launches.

Sounds like a perfect fit for the new iPhone models

The technology described here looks as though it should be able to enable Apple to build the "full-screen face" smartphone that The New York Times described.

Additionally, Japan Display laid out a road map during its most recent earnings call showing how it expects this full active LCD technology to evolve. In 2018, the company expects this technology to deliver "low power" consumption. Then, in 2019, the company expects this technology to be "flexible," which should allow for curved displays such as what OLED displays allow for today.

This table from Japan Display shows a table pitching the advantages of Japan Display's yet-to-be-released third-generation full active LCDs against OLED technology:

Image source: Japan Display.

Note, though, that Japan Display's moneymaker is LCDs. It's still working to develop OLED tech for mobile devices.

In any event, Japan Display claims advantages in power efficiency, brightness viewing angles, lifetime, cost, and "designability." It'll be interesting to see how these seemingly bold claims hold up when production displays make their way into customers' hands.

The iPhone may continue to use LCDs for quite some time

Although next year's premium iPhone model is expected to get a curved OLED display, I wonder if Apple's game plan is to continue to use LCDs in lower-end iPhone models over the next several years, rather than switch everything to OLED for cost reasons.

Should Japan Display, and other LCD makers, continue to advance LCDs to make them competitive with OLEDs in the areas that matter, then the technology may have a fairly long-term future in smartphones and tablets.

Nevertheless, it's also important to understand that OLED technology won't stand still, either. OLED technology has made significant strides over the past several years, and it's very likely that it will increasingly be the display technology of choice for very high-end smartphones and other mobile devices.

Unsurprisingly, Japan Display says it will continue to pour money into the research and development of OLED technology, even as it builds better LCDs over time.

A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity

The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.

Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn't Matter In each of the past three Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone product cycles, there's been some sort of controversy around the new devices.

The iPhone 6 Plus was controversial because the devices were prone to bending under a significant amount of pressure -- a situation critics referred to as "bend gate."

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus didn't suffer from bend gate, but it turned out that Apple dual-sourced the manufacturing of the A9 processors inside these phones. One A9 manufacturer built more efficient chips than the other, and thus the "chip gate" controversy ensued.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus didn't suffer from bend gate, nor did they suffer from chip gate, since the A10 Fusion chip is sole-sourced this time around. However, a new controversy has arisen: modem gate.

This year, Apple decided to source modems from two vendors -- Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) -- and, unsurprisingly, a third-party report demonstrated that the Qualcomm modem is superior to the Intel modem.

Should Apple investors worry about modem gate? I don't think so -- here's why.

Does the modem matter to most consumers?

It's very unlikely that most smartphone owners are aware of the modem chips that power their smartphones. Buyers might have a general sense of the wireless capabilities of their phones -- LTE support, for example. The savvier smartphone shoppers may know that if they want to have the flexibility to change carriers, they should make sure to buy unlocked phones with support for the CDMA wireless standard some major networks require.

However, it's reasonable to assume that most buyers simply don't factor in the performance or features of the modem much, if at all, in making their purchasing decisions. Indeed, I'd be shocked if most consumers even knew that Apple is dual-sourcing the modems for the iPhone 7-series smartphones.

Factors such as form factor, camera, operating system, display quality, and storage capacity are probably much more important to the user experience and buying decisions than the modem is -- assuming, of course, that the modem used is good enough.

Qualcomm for the modem aficionados

For potential iPhone customers who care about getting iPhone models with the superior Qualcomm modems, there's a very easy solution: Buy an unlocked iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. The unlocked versions of these iPhones necessarily include Qualcomm modems, as the Intel modems don't support CDMA networks and thus wouldn't work on some major carriers.

If a customer is knowledgeable enough to know the differences in modem performance of the Qualcomm-based iPhone and the Intel-based one -- something that wasn't explored in most, if not all, of the mainstream reviews of the devices -- then that customer should have no problem identifying and purchasing the "right" model.

Much ado about nothing

There's no evidence to suggest that bend gate had any significant impact on iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales, as the iPhone 6-series sold in record numbers. Nor is there any evidence to suggest that chip gate was influential, either, especially since the A9 chip, no matter the manufacturer, was easily the fastest smartphone processor on the market during its lifetime.

Modem gate is more of the same. It's fun for the tech press to write about, and for those who are into the technical stuff, it's interesting. But Apple's iPhone sales are primarily to the non-technical masses who simply want excellent devices. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models with the Qualcomm modems are clearly better, and I would recommend those to individuals looking to buy either phone, but I just can't see any meaningful impact to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus demand based on modem gate.

I can't wait to see what next year's "gate" will be. 
2016-07-06
How Apple Can Compete Against Walmart Pay Walmart Pay is expanding across the country and Apple Pay is left out. At first look this is a negative to Apple, but Apple has several options at its disposal.

Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) expanded its payment service, Walmart Pay, to 19 more states as it continues to prevent Apple Pay (NASDAQ:AAPL) from penetrating its store networks. In total, Walmart Pay is now available in 5,000 stores across 37 states and the company expects to achieve full nationwide rollout by the end of this year.

Wal-Mart is one of the few companies that has openly refused to support Apple Pay since its launch in October 2014. Instead, Wal-Mart decided to use its own payment app to tie its customers into its ecosystem. This is a smart move on Wal-Mart's part in that the retailer has a lot of leverage over Apple by being the largest retailer in the country. In light of Wal-Mart's decision, Apple is losing on a big piece of offline retail that continues to account for a portion of the overall retail spending, and this will be a problem for Apple if more big retailers decide to invest and develop their own mobile wallet.

What are Apple's options to address this risk?

First, because that Walmart Pay app is available on iOS and Android stores, Apple could technically forbid the App Store from offering the Walmart Pay app. This effectively bans Apple users from using Walmart Pay on their devices. While this may sound unreasonable to iPhone users who prefer to use Walmart Pay, consider the following: By banning Walmart Pay from the App Store, only a small number of iPhone users are negatively affected by this decision (such as the iPhone users who are also frequent Wal-Mart shoppers). Keep in mind that Walmart Pay works similarly to Apple Pay in that both payments organize credit and debit cards for easy checkout.

Under the worst-case scenario, iPhone users that do not have Walmart Pay app would instead use their Visa (NYSE:V) or MasterCard (NYSE:MA) and pay for the purchase at the terminal, something that they have been doing for years. This is unlikely to be a big deal and the inconvenience created by Apple is not severe enough to hurt user loyalty to the Apple ecosystem.

On the other hand, banning Walmart Pay may be a bigger negative to Wal-Mart in that iPhone users who use Visa and MasterCard to check out will continue to remain loyal to the iPhone and to their credit card providers as a form of payment rather than to Walmart Pay. Overall, I think this is a risk for Wal-Mart that continues to refuse Apple Pay.

Would Apple raise anti-competitive issues by banning a Wal-Mart payment app? Potentially. Hundreds of apps are banned from Wal-Mart and the most common grounds that these apps are banned are because of their access to personal information. However, Apple could have a legitimate reason to ban Wal-Mart app if Apple can prove that Apple Pay is safer, more secure and less intrusive than Walmart Pay. Unless Apple can prove that banning Walmart Pay could stir negative publicity and anti-competitive issues.

The second option is for Apple to use its extra cash on its balance sheet and develop an e-commerce platform similar to that of Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) that does not require Apple to hold inventory. In essence, the Apple e-commerce will be an online site where Apple connects consumers with local merchants and where Apple Pay is the only acceptable payment method. This method has been proven by Alibaba whose Alipay is the only accepted payment method in Taobao and TMall. This is also the reason why Alibaba's Alipay has the largest market share in China's online payment space.

While Apple's lack of presence in Wal-Mart is a short-term negative, I believe that Apple should focus more on e-commerce because e-commerce is growing at a faster rate than offline retail and could continue to expand its share at the expense of brick and mortar stores. Apple could replicate the Alibaba business model by encouraging merchants to list their products on the Apple e-commerce platform for a fee and taking no commission. The users pick the items from the e-commerce platform, pay with Apple Pay (the only payment service available on the platform) and get the products delivered to their homes. By setting up an e-commerce platform, Apple could ensure that its users can get comparable items on its site as they would from Wal-Mart at the retail level. The more important part of this plan is that Apple can let Apple Pay to expand beyond offline retail and into other parts of online retail. Keep in mind that Apple is doing this as a product broker rather than a merchant so that it does not need to build warehouses like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). All Apple is responsible for is to connect the consumers to the merchants in a transaction where the consumer pays using Apple Pay and the merchants ship the items directly to the consumers.

In the short term, Wal-Mart's decision to favor its own app over Apple Pay is a negative. However, since the growth is online, I feel that Apple should focus on making Apple Pay's online presence stronger by partnering with third-party websites (something that it is already doing) and/or set up its own e-commerce platform that will tie users deeper into its ecosystem, making them less reliant on offline retailers such as Wal-Mart.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-04-28
What Is Apple Getting Wrong and Samsung Getting Right? It was bad news for Apple when it announced earnings Tuesday afternoon. Not only were revenue and profits below expectations, but year-over-year iPhone unit sales were down for the first time.

And then came another hit. Yesterday, IDC released its smartphone numbers for the first quarter of 2016. Global sales were nearly flat, with the smallest year-over-year growth on record for the category as a whole. Both Apple and Samsung saw declines in smartphone shipments, while three Chinese companies saw big increases.

The existing market has become saturated, as it had to eventually, and even China's market has become more mature and moved past peak adoption. Even so, when Samsung announced its earnings today, revenue was up 5.7 percent year-over-year and operating income grew by 12 percent. The company cited the launch of the new Galaxy S7 models as one of the drivers.

So what happened? How did Samsung weather the storm and Apple come to be perceived as all wet? Diversity of product offering is one point, as I've mentioned before. Samsung not only had the new Galaxy models but also sales of memory, processor chips, and OLED panels.

But there's another difference. Samsung takes the innovation process and pleasing customers far more seriously than Apple does. That may sound crazy on the surface. Apple is "known" for delighting customers and innovation.

Nevertheless, there are some significant differences between how Apple and Samsung go about their business, at least on the consumer electronics side. Apple counts on brand cache, deeply loyal fans, and the reputation of delivering what the market will want, even if consumers don't yet know they want it.

There's a lot of hype and presumption in that approach. Yes, it is possible to come out with something that will surprise and wow people. But no one, including Apple, does that year after year after year. The numbers prove it. The iPhone was a runaway hit, but then Apple began alternating versions with major releases every two years, with secondary releases in between. That was fine when carriers would subsidize the up-front price for consumers, letting them upgrade for $199 while burying the rest of the cost in monthly charges.

But once the subsidy strategy started to come apart, people were less interested in always getting the newest version, especially when the current model seemed to work just fine. People could afford to wait and buy less frequently. That has turned into fewer sales for Apple.

Samsung, on the other hand, is more aggressive. The company comes out with multiple models over time, looks at consumer reaction, and finds the features that seem to drive the most interest. That allows Samsung to build a broadly attractive product. Management recognizes that customers may have tastes that differ from those of management. Apple tends to assume that it knows best. Look how long it took the company to provide an option offering the significantly larger screens that people had been buying and that Samsung, among others, had been selling.

The other part of Samsung's aggressive stance is the rapidity with which it releases new models. The S6 came out last year. This year sees the S7. That provides more frequent reasons for people to upgrade.

As a result, while Apple unit sales slipped 16.3 percent, Samsung was down only 0.6 percent. With the new Galaxy S7 release and other business units doing better, Samsung came out showing its competitive edge. Icahn dumps all his stock in Apple Inc. Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.

Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.

Get digital access Apple Needs To Sharpen Its Focus Apple Inc. s disappointing quarter has many people wondering whether the world s most valuable company has lost its mojo. I am one of them. But my concern for the tech giant s future is less about its financial results and more about Apple s ability to maintain the brand promise that was responsible for the last 13 years of strong earnings.

Apple is hardly the only tech company to disappoint Wall Street these days. Alphabet, Intel, Microsoft and Twitter have all posted lackluster results in recent weeks. That points to a broader malaise in the sector that is probably a reflection of deeper economic trends.

But Apple has been missing other marks as well.

As regular readers know, I am a big fan of Apple products (and in the interest of full disclosure, a stockholder). But many of the company's recent releases feel a little too beta.

Take the Apple Watch. I love mine, and it has become ingrained in my life in many subtle ways   many of which I was unaware of until I had to take it off while attending the Masters Tournament at Augusta National earlier this month. But I also find it more frustrating than most other new Apple products were when they were introduced.

I m talking to you, Siri.

Apple TV is even less ready for prime time. Don t get me wrong   I love Apple TV, and it finally convinced me to cut the cord. But I often have to reboot mine because the audio will start cutting out for no apparent reason. And the dazzling screensavers that Tim Cook promised us would be updated every month have turned out to be an endless repetition of shots of San Francisco and London.

Maybe the Apple TV team needs to get out more.

These are minor things that, honestly, don t diminish my enjoyment of these products. I am certain these wrinkles will be ironed out in future updates. But they are not what I and others have come to expect from Apple.

Far more troubling are Apple Music and the unmitigated disaster that iTunes has become. The latter has gone from being a game-changing killer app to something that is almost impossible to use; the former has completely failed to deliver on its promise. Both of these offerings remind me of Microsoft at its worst, not Apple at its best.

As Simon Sinek has so ably explained, what made Apple great was its  Why    its core belief that technology should be elegant and easy to use. The Macintosh, the iMac, the iPod, the iPhone and the original iTunes were all children of that vision.

That vision seems to be slipping into softer focus since Steve Jobs left the company.

I hope Tim Cook and his team take this earnings slip seriously and use it as an opportunity to refocus Apple.

Bryce Hoffman is the author of Red Teaming. To learn more about red teaming, please visit redteamthinking.com. Here's What Tim Cook Has to Say About the Apple Inc. iPhone Business After reporting a disappointing quarter and issuing dreadful guidance, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook offered some much-needed insight to investors around iPhone.

In particular, Cook took the opportunity to go into detail into Apple's thinking around the iPhone business, which he characterized as "healthy and strong."

Additionally, the executive explained that "iPhone sales come from three sources: customers who upgrade from previous iPhone models; customers who switch from Android and other operating systems; and customers who purchase a smartphone for the first time."

Let's take a closer look at what Cook had to say.

Weak upgrade cycle relative to iPhone 6

Addressing the upgrade portion first, Cook noted that during the first half of the company's current fiscal year, Apple saw an "upgrade rate for the iPhone 6s cycle" that's "slightly higher" than what the company saw with the iPhone 5s cycle, but "lower than the accelerated upgrade rate that [Apple] saw with iPhone 6."

Though Cook declined to give specifics around the exact upgrade rates, he did characterize the iPhone 6s upgrade rate as "a lot lower" than the iPhone 6 upgrade rate.

"If we would have the same rate on iPhone 6s that we did on iPhone 6, it would be time for a huge party," Cook added. "It would be a huge difference."

No kidding. Perhaps Tim Cook and the marketing team at Apple may want to rethink the notion of 's' cycles and make big enough changes generation-over-generation to reaccelerate upgrade cycles.

High "switcher" rate

On a more positive note, Cook claimed that the company "continue[s] to see a very high level of customers switching to iPhone from Android and other operating systems."

He further added that, over the last six months, Apple enjoyed an influx of "more switchers from Android and other platforms in the first half of this [fiscal] year than any other six-month period ever."

I have to wonder, though: is this a statement about net Android switchers? If so, why hasn't this apparently significant share gain helped to soften the woes associated with the weaker upgrade activity? Why are companies like Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo still growing as Apple sees iPhone shipments contract?

Still plenty of potential first-time buyers left

Although it is commonly believed that the smartphone market has become "saturated," Cook claims that only 42% of the handset market has moved over to smartphones.

"iPhone is still attracting millions of first-time smartphone buyers each quarter, especially from emerging markets," said Cook, citing 56% year-over-year growth in iPhone sales in the company's most recent quarter.

It's worth noting, though, that Apple's smartphones are quite pricey, with even the "cheap" iPhone SE starting at $400 in the United States (it is likely much more expensive in other regions). This may make it tougher for the iDevice maker to gain traction in the areas of the world in which smartphones haven't already caught on.

What's the investment takeaway?

Cook makes a reasonable argument for why the future may be brighter for iPhone than it looks at this moment in time, but I don't think investors should take Cook's long-term view on faith.

For example, it's clear that Apple wildly overestimated the demand that it expected to see for the iPhone 6s/6s Plus at the beginning of the cycle. Additionally, according to Cook last quarter, the fiscal second quarter was expected to be the "trough" for iPhone year-over-year comparisons -- something that, clearly, doesn't seem to be the case given the shockingly poor forward guidance.

To me, it looks like Cook has a lot of very nice-sounding excuses, but the bottom line is that its core iPhone business is currently experiencing sharp year-over-year declines. This needs to be resolved, preferably sooner rather than later, before Apple stock becomes worthy of fresh investment capital again. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Needs to Buy Fitbit Inc (FIT) Immediately InvestorPlace InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips

Among the many reasons that Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) bulls are frustrated after its fiscal-second-quarter report is that AAPL has more than $230 billion in cash sitting on its balance sheet, but is too scared to use it.

Source: iphonedigital via Flickr

In response to AAPL earnings, Netflix, Inc. ( NFLX ) and Tesla Motors Inc ( TSLA ) were mentioned by a handful of large AAPL stock owners as companies that Apple should target to spark growth.

While it is very possible that AAPL will go in this direction, if the company really wants to make a splash with an acquisition that can create long-term shareholder value, it needs to buy Fitbit Inc ( FIT ) now!

What AAPL Seeks in Acquisitions

When Apple CEO Tim Cook said on the company's conference call that he is open to making a larger acquisition than he has in the past, investors automatically assumed TSLA or NFLX. However, investors must keep in mind that Apple has grown into this world power without big-splash acquisitions. Its largest to date is Beats for just $3 billion.

Therefore, it would seem way out of character for AAPL to spend $40 billion or more to buy TSLA or NFLX, companies that have a high level of risk due to rising competition and lavish valuations. It just does not sound like Apple.

When Apple bought Beats, its music business was up-and-coming and the headphones that came standard with its products were mostly celebrated by consumers. But what Apple did with Beats is add an extra dimension to its music business, and grabbed the one company that did hardware and services associated with music better than it did.

As an added bonus, Apple gained two of the brightest minds in music, Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre.

Fitbit is Like Beats

Regardless of where AAPL goes from here, the one thing we can all agree on is that Apple's entrance into the wearables space has been all but a complete disaster.

While Apple does not disclose Apple Watch sales, we do know that revenue in its Other segment declined 50% sequentially and that AAPL has reduced the price of its watch on several occasions since the holidays.

Keep in mind, this was an industry that Apple was supposed to dominate, especially in the U.S., but has gained a market share of just 15%. Meanwhile, Fitbit, a company that operated solely in the basic wearables segment throughout 2015, controls nearly 27% of the entire wearables market. Moreover, Fitbit's market share rose during the fourth quarter to 29.5%, as its products were largely considered the big winner of November and December 2015.

Since then, Fitbit has launched its first-ever smart wearable with the Blaze, and a new basic wearable with the Alta. In just one month post launch, the Blaze sold one million units , far more than any analyst expected, and thereby assuring that Fitbit's entrance into the smart wearables space would be just as successful as its dominance in the basic category.

With that said, is it any surprise that the Apple Watch suffered during the company's last quarter? After all, it was competing against Fitbit's Blaze for the first time.

Ironically, the Apple Watch was supposed to be the death of Fitbit's remarkable run over the last few years, but instead, Fitbit got the opportunity to showcase its resilience and unmatched grasp on the consumer's wrist.

The big takeaway here is not that Fitbit is crushing Apple in all things related to wearables, and will likely continue. Instead, it is important to note that AAPL wants to be relevant, if not dominant, in the wearables space, and it obviously needs some help to do so.

Much like Beats in music, Fitbit would provide AAPL with the missing component and competitive advantage to be dominant in the wearables space. Also, AAPL would be able to acquire Fitbit CEO James Park, who has seemingly figured out the wearables space and what consumers want better than anyone else.

While AAPL would have to pay a king's ransom to purchase NFLX or TSLA, it could acquire Fitbit very cheap, with the company having a market cap of around $4 billion.

However, FIT is starting to create separation from Apple and other competitors, and has proven over the last year that it is in fact a force to be reckoned with. Therefore, FIT won't stay cheap long, not when it is dominating an industry that is expected to achieve long-term double-digit growth.

Hence, if AAPL wants to become a leader in wearables, and pay a cheap price to do so, it better act quickly on Fitbit.

As of this writing, Brian Nichols owned shares of both AAPL and FIT.

More From InvestorPlace

The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) Needs to Buy Fitbit Inc (FIT) Immediately appeared first on InvestorPlace . Apple, Inc.'s Buyback Program Is Cooling Off I've long been a big fan of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) share repurchase program, largely due to the fact that it's simply enormous. By virtue of its magnitude, combined with Apple's cheap valuation, the buyback program is mostly able to avoid the common criticisms that typically surround repurchase programs (most are not accretive and/or poorly timed).

The buyback program was a no-brainer during the 2012-2013 pullback, and Apple was able to retire a boatload of shares as it repurchased during that time frame. That's precisely why Apple added a whopping $50 billion to its repurchase authorization in early 2013. But once shares inevitably recovered to highs around $130, and even with today's prices of around $100, it's not as clear-cut. Even as the valuation remains cheap, it's not entirely obvious whether or not the broader market will ever assign Apple higher multiples.

As such, it seems appropriate that Apple's buyback program, while still going strong, is starting to cool off a little bit.

Time to play it slow

Alongside fiscal second-quarter earnings, Apple said that it was again expanding its capital return program (as expected, since it's about that time of year). The company is adding $50 billion to the program, bringing the total to $250 billion. Of that increase, $35 billion is being allocated to share repurchases, with the remaining $15 billion to cover dividend payouts over the next couple of years. Apple is still focusing its capital return strategy on repurchases, which is the right call since that's how it can ensure that the program is accretive.

The reason I say that the buyback program is cooling off is that while $35 billion is still a meaningful increase, it's a relatively more conservative increase than last year's boost, which was $50 billion. Here's each year's respective increase in repurchase authorization.

Year Increase Total Authorization 2012 $10 billion (initial) $10 billion 2013 $50 billion $60 billion 2014 $30 billion $90 billion 2015 $50 billion $140 billion 2016 $35 billion $175 billion

Here's how cumulative share repurchases have compared:

You can also see this cooling off in quarterly trends:

To date, Apple has repurchased $116.6 billion worth of stock, which is a pretty astounding figure when you think about it. That's greater than the entire market caps of tech companies like Qualcomm ($78 billion), Baidu ($65 billion), and Texas Instruments ($60 billion). The level of Apple's increases also signal the company's intentions over the next year.

Apple will have a little over $58 billion left on the authorization until its next capital return update, which comes every April. That should be plenty considering the fact that Apple has repurchased about $37 billion over the past four quarters. Apple: Don't Count On India Our Take: The underlying market conditions in India do not provide a strong base of support for Apple's exuberance for the Indian market.

India will experience similar macro-economic headwinds to those currently experienced by China. Apple's reliance on India for revenue/profit growth is not a durable solution to Apple's revenue decline.

Apple Turns To India For Growth

On April 26, 2016, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) announced a revenue and profit decline for the first time in 13 years. CEO Tim Cook partly blamed the results on weakness in China and signaled that India would be Apple's new emerging market growth driver. Cook said:

India is where China was seven to ten years ago.

Cook made this comment because India was the one bright spot in Apple's earnings with sales growing 56% Y/Y in India. Cook's comment suggests Apple is banking on the next decade of rapid Indian growth to unlock another billion person market for Apple products. As we highlighted in our previous article, India: China's Emerging Market Doppelganger, we assess market forecasts projecting India to be the new emerging market growth driver (in place of China) to be misguided.

India is suffering from similar problems to those that are causing economic "headwinds" for China. The "headwinds" in both China and India are largely due to unsustainable debt driven GDP growth accompanied by the lack of political will to enact market reforms such as: 1) writing down bad loans from bank balance sheets, and 2) transitioning to a consumer driven economy where higher wages, especially in the service sector, drive growth.

Merry-Go-Round Forecasting

Despite the 56% Y/Y sales growth in India, we assess Apple will soon run into China-like headwinds in India. In addition to India's dubious growth trajectory, we also question Apple's ability to accurately forecast opportunity in India based on Cook's overly optimistic assessment of the Chinese market in October 2015. We note he made the below comments after the significant August 2015 Chinese market correction occurred.

Frankly, if I were to shut off my Web and shut off the TV and just look at how many customers are coming into our stores   and looking at sales trends, I wouldn't know there were any economic issues at all in China.

Apple's most recent earnings call revealed that Apple sales for the quarter in China are down 26% Y/Y. Yet, Cook still asserted that the Chinese market was "not as weak as been talked about." Total sales in the "Rest of Asia-Pacific" segment (of which India is a part), were also down 25% Y/Y, which suggests that growth is also slowing in broader Asia. This is a potent mix for Apple's emerging market driven growth strategy and necessitates Apple to revise its thinking on emerging market growth prospects.

Apple's India Growth Is On Sale

On the surface, Apple's Q2 2016 Indian sales growth was impressive. Apple grew sales by 56% Y/Y. However, Apple's Indian growth model to date may be flawed for several reasons and we assess it will be difficult to maintain strong sales momentum in India due to the macro conditions outlined above and the micro factors addressed below.

First, much of Apple's India recent growth was driven by lower profit margin phones (including certified pre-owned phones) and reliance on heavy discounting to gain market share in a market where 70% of smartphones are sold for less than USD $150. India's per capita income was USD $1,631 in 2015, which helps explain in part why discounting is driving Apple's discounting in the Indian cellphone market.

To gain market share in India, Apple offered discounts up to USD $500 on the iPhone 6 and 6s to make up for lagging 2015 demand for the iPhone 6 (iPhone 6 sales were estimated to be 15-20% lower than iPhone 5 sales).

Additionally, Apple introduced (for the first time) a buyback scheme to enable Indian buyers to defray costs of a new iPhone. This scheme led to the creation of Apple's certified pre-owned iPhone business in India. While we laud Apple's initiative to meet the unique demands of the Indian cellphone market, we note discounting and reselling of iPhones to be inconsistent with Apple's premium profit margin and high-end brand image.

Source: Statistictimes.com

Our Take: Apple's Indian Confidence is Misplaced

Due to macro-economic similarities between India and China, we assess that Apple will soon start experiencing market headwinds in India similar to the headwinds they are currently experiencing in China. Should such a scenario unfold this will negate India as an important growth driver for Apple and could weigh on future revenue and profit growth, as the Chinese market performance did this quarter.

Further, we assess this outcome may be a blind spot for Apple as CEO Tim Cook's October 2015 mis-forecast of Chinese market conditions is very similar to the circumstance surrounding his most recent forecast of the aggressive growth prospects in the Indian market.

We do not fault Apple for highlighting the strongest data point in what was otherwise a weak quarter. However, we encourage investors to exercise skepticism when digesting Apple's emerging market growth forecasts, especially as they relate to India. The underlying market conditions in India do not provide a strong base of support for Apple's exuberance.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: This article is for informational purposes only. Apple Inc - U.S. FBI will not share iPhone unlocking mechanism, cites lack of ownership - Reuters News  
2016-11-04
Apple Inc.'s Best Product in 2016 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the world's largest companies in terms of revenue and profit generation. Perhaps the most impressive part of the company's financial success is that it delivers those impressive results with a tight, highly-focused portfolio of products.

This focus pays off for the consumer-electronics giant, as its products are arguably best in class. That's why it's sometimes a bit difficult to pick a "best" product among those that the company launches each year.

Nevertheless, this year, it's quite clear that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus stole the show.

Apple nails it with the jumbo iPhone

In 2014, Apple began a trend of releasing not just one but two new flagship iPhone models each year -- one with a 4.7-inch display and one with a 5.5-inch display.

The smaller and larger models were, during the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s generations, differentiated by screen size, screen resolution, pixel density, and minor camera features.

With the iPhone 7 Plus, Apple delivered a greater degree of differentiation relative to its smaller counterpart than it had in prior iPhone cycles. The iPhone 7 Plus incorporates a dual-lens camera that enables some interesting and useful features, such as 2X optical zoom and a nifty depth-of-field effect, which you can see in this picture that I took:

The result is that Apple's more expensive, jumbo-sized iPhone is selling better than what Apple had expected going into the device launch -- something that could have positive implications on iPhone average selling prices and ultimately revenue, should Apple be able to catch up with demand in a timely fashion.

The iPhone 7 Plus truly represents the best of Apple: a well-crafted product with unique features that entice customers to pay more because they're genuinely getting more. Should Apple be able to continue to deliver differentiated, meaningful features with future, premium-priced iPhones in coming generations, Apple's iPhone business could benefit greatly.

Runner-up? The new MacBook Pro computers

Although the internet seems to be divided on Apple's newly announced MacBook Pro updates, I view these systems as quite innovative and unquestionably worthy of "runner-up" status here.

The new MacBook Pro computers include numerous internal upgrades -- par for the course in the world of personal computers -- along with a significantly enhanced display, a reworked Force Touch trackpad, a new keyboard design, and a nifty-looking Touch Bar.

Apple seems to have made a genuine effort to deliver something unique to what's arguably a boring product category, and for that the company should be applauded. But it's too soon to tell how well these new MacBook Pro systems will do in the marketplace. Apple has been losing market share in personal computers, and these new systems are the company's best chance of regaining that share. Early indications look good: The shipping times for the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and new 15-inch MacBook Pro are now in the four- to five-week range -- up from the two- to three-week range they started at.

These long shipping times may simply be indicative of poor supply, but I'm not willing to buy that explanation yet. Apple Inc.'s New MacBook Pro Computers Aren't Overpriced When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its latest 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro computers, there were some potential buyers who were completely put off by the prices. The base model of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar runs $1,799, and the base 15-inch MacBook Pro runs a cool $2,399.

These are clearly high-priced, premium systems. However, there's a difference between an overpriced product and an expensive one. The former is a product that doesn't deliver the value that its price tag suggests, while the latter is simply a product with a high price.

And the latest MacBook Pro computers, although expensive, are not really overpriced.

Head-to-head: Spectre x360 vs. 13-inch MacBook Pro

To give you a sense of the value offered by the 13-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar), I'll compare it with HP's (NYSE:HPQ) premium Windows-based Spectre x360 laptop. (A similar comparison should be possible for the 15-inch MacBook Pro and a suitable Windows-based alternative.) The latter has gotten very good reviews, with Laptop Magazine calling it "the convertible laptop to beat."

In the table below, I've put the specifications of a "maxed-out" Spectre x360 side by side with a similarly configured 13-inch MacBook Pro, pulled from HP's and Apple's respective websites -- and for some of the MacBook Pro details, AnandTech:

Spectre x360 13-inch MacBook Pro w/Touch Bar Processor Core i7-7500U Core i7-6567U Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel Iris Graphics 550 Display 1920 x 1080 IPS, touch-enabled 2560 x 1600 IPS, non-touch Memory 16GB LPDDR3-1600 16GB LPDDR3-2133 Storage 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD 512GB PCIe-based SSD Expansion ports 2x USB Type-C, 1 USB 3.1 Gen 1, 1 headphone/microphone combo 4x Thunderbolt 3 ports Wireless connectivity 802.11ac (2x2) and Bluetooth 4.0 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 Trackpad HP Imagepad Force Touch trackpad Battery capacity 57.8 Wh 49.2 Wh Weight 2.85 lbs 3.02 lbs Price (as configured) $1,299 $2,499

There's no beating around the bush -- the HP system is about half as expensive as the MacBook Pro system. However, if we walk through each of these specifications and closely compare the two systems, it becomes clear that, at the very least, the premium that Apple charges is directly related to component costs. Let's do just that.

The tricky processor comparison

First, let's look at the processor and graphics technologies in each system. Although the Apple system uses an older sixth-generation Core processor while the HP uses a newer seventh-generation Core processor, the chip inside of the MacBook is faster.

The processor architectures of the i7-7500U and i7-6567U are identical, meaning that, at a given frequency, these two chips will perform the same. The main advantage of the seventh-generation Core processors is that they are built on a newer version of Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) 14-nanometer process, which should allow the seventh-generation Core processors to run at higher speeds than the sixth-generation Core processors, all else being equal.

The 6567U has two processor cores that run at 3.3GHz base and can turbo to 3.6GHz. The 7500U has two processor cores that run at 2.7GHz, but can turbo to 3.5GHz. It's likely, then, that in CPU tasks, it's a wash between these two.

In terms of graphics architecture, once again, the sixth-generation Core and seventh-generation Core processors are virtually the same. However, the chip inside of the MacBook Pro uses Intel's higher-performance Iris graphics -- more graphics cores, dedicated eDRAM memory built into the chip package -- so I would expect that in graphics tasks, the MacBook Pro chip will have a clear edge in graphics tasks over the chip inside of the Spectre x360.

The trade-off that Apple is likely making by using a chip with Iris graphics is that it's certainly more expensive to manufacture than a similar chip without Iris graphics. The size of the main processor is larger, and the Iris parts include a fairly large on-package memory manufactured in Intel's 22-nanometer logic process.

Intel almost certainly charges more for chips that cost more to make, adding to Apple's bill-of-materials costs relative to HP's.

The display comparison

Moving beyond the processor, the HP system has a 1920-by-1080 resolution IPS display, while the MacBook Pro has a higher resolution 2560-by-1600 resolution IPS display. The display on the MacBook should be sharper.

The comparison doesn't end there, though. The display on the MacBook Pro supports the much wider DCI-P3 color gamut, while tests performed by NotebookCheck show that the display on the HP fails to fully cover even the narrower sRGB color gamut.

Finally, per NotebookCheck, the average brightness of the display found on the Spectre x360 is 318.6 nits. The site found the average brightness on the new 13-inch MacBook Pro display to be 563.6 nits.

Apple's machine has a sharper, brighter, and more colorful display. HP's, on the other hand, supports touch input while Apple's doesn't.

Comparing everything else

As far as memory and storage go, both have 16GB of LPDDR3 memory and 512GB of storage. However, it's worth pointing out that the MacBook Pro, as configured, uses faster 2133MHz LPDDR3 memory while the Spectre uses slower 1600MHz LPDDR3. 9to5Mac also points out, citing Computer World, that the new MacBook Pro systems are around "two years ahead of most of its competition" in terms of solid-state drive speeds.

The MacBook Pro is slightly heavier, but they're both in roughly the same weight class.

The Apple system uses a Force Touch trackpad, while HP's system uses what it dubs an HP Imagepad. And finally, the MacBook includes an OLED touch bar with Touch ID support, while HP's system doesn't.

Distinguishing price from value

Apple's new MacBook is clearly an expensive system, but across the board, it appears to offer more features and better performance than the newest Spectre x360 -- a top Windows notebook. This isn't an attempt to disparage HP's Spectre x360 -- it has received extremely positive reviews from many reputable outlets, and is frankly a very attractive Windows-based machine.

The point of this comparison is to show that Apple crams in a lot of things here and there that might not individually mean much to potential customers, but ultimately serve to enhance the user experience. Engineering often consists of making smart trade-offs that balance cool features against cost structure.

Apple's new MacBook computers traded off price in order to build extremely feature-rich products. HP, on the other hand, did what it could within a system that it could sell for $1,300, which, frankly, is quite high for a consumer Windows-based notebook.

We'll get a better idea of how receptive customers are to Apple's choices vis-a-vis the new MacBook Pro computers when the company reports its financial results in January. 
2016-08-05
Apple's Computer Lineup is in Dire Need of an Update Computer and mobile device maker Apple Inc. ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) is sporting a lineup of computers that is way behind the technological curve, and that needs to change very quickly.

Apple fan site MacRumors has a Buyer s Guide for Apple products. They cover the entire range of Apple s product line, from iPhone and iPad to MacBooks to Apple Watches. Their unique approach to rating these products focuses on the upgrade cycle, or the amount of time it typically takes for Apple to issue a major update.

Based on the historic upgrade cycle, the site currently rates 6 out of 7 Apple computers as  Don t Buy :

In fact, Apple s MacBook air   its most popular laptop   hasn t been updated in 515 days. That s a full 165 days over the average update latency, and there s no clear update on the horizon, either.

As Apple s computers get older and older, they risk losing market share to competitors. Microsoft is making some inroads with its new Surface laptop, and companies like H-P and Dell come out with new models at a frenetic pace. With iPhones seeing negative sales growth, Apple can ill-afford to see Mac sales and market share shrink as well.

Apple shares rose $1.72 (+1.63%) to $107.60 in Friday afternoon trading. AAPL has now gained 2.2% year-to-date, trailing the +7% gain in the benchmark S&P 500 in the same period. Why Apple Inc. Should Buy This Important Supplier Earlier this year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) confirmed a report that it had held talks to acquire its longtime graphics processor supplier Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF), but said that it didn't plan to actually make an offer.

It's not clear why the talks didn't seem to go anywhere, but I think that over the long term it would be beneficial for the iDevice maker to bring Imagination in-house. Here's why.

Imagination is good at what it does, but...

Despite the fact that Imagination faces real business challenges from ARM Holdings (NASDAQ:ARMH) in the graphics intellectual property licensing market, it still manages to produce best-in-class smartphone/tablet graphics processors. In fact, I would argue that in terms of raw technology, Imagination is still, at least today, ahead of ARM Holdings.

However, given Imagination's rough financial position and ARM's strong financial position (and, under SoftBank's wing, it should have even more freedom to invest for the long term without having to worry about pleasing shareholders on a quarterly basis), ARM may simply be able to invest more in graphics than Imagination can over the long run.

In that case, it might only be a matter of time before ARM's graphics processor technology is superior to Imagination's.

A mutually beneficial deal

I believe that Apple buying Imagination (or Imagination selling itself to Apple, if that's how you want to think about it) would be a mutually beneficial transaction.

Right now, Imagination is fighting an uphill battle in the mobile graphics market. It seems to have Apple locked down for now, but many, if not most, of Apple's competitors at the high-end are using chips without Imagination's graphics designs. If Apple is gaining share then this isn't a problem, but if Apple's share is flat or down then Imagination's business could suffer.

Imagination is also fighting the difficult battle to regain share in the large and relatively fast growing mid-range smartphone market.

If Imagination were to sell itself to Apple, then it wouldn't need to worry about fighting these battles; it would become part of Apple's graphics intellectual property development group and would be allowed to focus on building the best high-end mobile graphics processors possible.

Such a deal would be beneficial to Apple, too. By bringing the Imagination team in-house, it gets technology that's already excellent and gets to keep it to itself. More interestingly, though, Apple will be able to use its financial might to give Imagination a larger research and development budget to build even better graphics intellectual property.

In other words, Imagination would be better off not trying to compete in the broader graphics intellectual property market, and Apple would be able to take arguably the industry's best mobile graphics technology, make it even better, and keep it to itself.

Why hasn't a deal been made already?

Apple buying Imagination seems like an obvious move, and the fact that they've held talks seems to validate that a deal would make sense on some level. Yet such a deal hasn't happened.

I can only speculate as to why. Is Apple not willing to pay enough for the company? Imagination's current market capitalization is $727 million, so even at a 100% premium to the current price, we're talking about chump change for Apple.

Or, perhaps, Apple would be willing to make Imagination a generous offer, but Imagination management thinks it can create more value over the long term by remaining a stand-alone entity?

At any rate, I think Imagination would be better off in Apple's hands than as a stand-alone company, but only time will tell if such a deal happens. Apple's Perfect Product Image Continues to Slip Apple's shiny image has become tarnished over the last few years. There are perceptions of an ongoing software problem. The inevitability of iPhone sales have taken some crushing blows, even though the product line could eventually stabilize and reestablish growth.

The latest news is the establishment of an invitation-only bug bounty program announced at the annual Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas, as Macworld reported. The program is only available to certain researchers and developers for some types of vulnerabilities found in iOS and iCloud. Top fees can run $25,000 to $200,000, although many could be far lower.

Oh, how the mighty have fallen. It wasn't so many years ago that Apple rode a war horse of brand excellence. Public perception, well-engineered by Apple through marketing, advertising, and leveraged media relationships and reinforced by die-hard fans, had it that Apple products always worked out of the box, every time, and were nearly invincible to hacking.

Time, and reality, have undercut these brand conceits. Year after year, significant problems would pop up in Apple products. The Faithful didn't waver and would challenge doubters in public online forums or in friendly press, but average people had to wonder if the usual Apple price premium was worth it.

Even though the front sometimes slipped and Apple actually apologized for problems, the game face usually stayed in place. But there were prices to pay, and the current bug reporting program is one of them. As the Wall Street Journal wrote: "Apple is going to pay researchers who find bugs in its products. What took them so long?"

Tech companies had, on the whole, long admitted their fallibility and welcomed -- and paid -- experts to point out significant vulnerabilities. Microsoft, Google, and Facebook have done it for years. Even the Department of Defense beat Apple to the punch.

To take help, you have to admit you have a problem, and that itself is a problem when your brand includes the intentional projection of being perfect. After all, why wouldn't people want perfect products?

But no company can keep such an image in place forever. It's amazing that Apple got away with it for so long, though even now it shows the strain, as the bug program is only for people it specifically invites. What happens when someone outside of the holy orders discovers a problem? Will they sell it to hackers instead, putting hundreds of millions of people at a security risk?

Maybe a lesson to learn is that brand shouldn't be about something you already have in hand, but principles you strive toward. You can never accomplish perfection, and it's both arrogant and self-defeating in the long run to claim that you have. It also devalues the most important people in business relationships, the customers. They may not agree that your work is beyond reproach. Are you going to try to tell them that they are at fault, as Steve Jobs did when, while addressing reception problems with the iPhone 4, he claimed that people were holding it wrong

Brand should be an expression of how you do business, and part of that must include your goals. Aim to offer the best product and customer experience possible. Strive to fulfill that vision. But get over yourself and let some air out of your ego, because you can never, ever arrive.

I've asked Apple to comment on the issue of brand and will include a response if one comes arrives. Apple Makes The Right Move Into Machine Learning I have long criticized Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for not having invested earlier in machine-learning expertise, for letting the Siri founders go, and for having a secretive environment that is unattractive to researchers. All these factors have contributed to Apple falling behind in machine learning, as evidenced by the poor performance of products like Siri if compared to competitors like Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Now.

Today, word broke that Apple acquired Turi for $200 million. While Apple has made a number of smaller acquisitions in natural language processing and machine learning before, mostly to add expertise to the Siri team, this move points to something else. In this article, I explain what Apple just bought and why this is an excellent move.

What is Turi?

Turi was previously known as Dato and before that as GraphLab. GraphLab is a relatively well-known (in the research community) open-source distributed computation engine based on graph abstractions. In recent years, it has turned out that GraphLab works really well for machine learning. It originated as a project at Carnegie Mellon University and the originator, Professor Carlos Guestrin, has since moved to the University of Washington. Will he become Apple's machine-learning thought leader? Time will tell. For now, we will just discuss Turi itself.

So what does Turi/GraphLab do? It's essentially a cloud platform for scalable machine-learning services. In general, software developers can use machine-learning APIs from Google, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), IBM (NYSE:IBM) or a number of smaller competitors. From looking at its services, Turi offers the same things as its competitors: text analysis, image recognition, recommendation systems, time series prediction and so forth. For comparison, look at Google's Cloud Machine-Learning APIs. Some of the typical business use cases Turi offers are:

Recommendation systems

Sentiment analysis

Data matching

Clickthrough predictors

Churn prediction

Lead scoring

Image analytics

Anomaly detection

Clustering

Deep learning building blocks, i.e. neural networks

In summary, Turi pretty much offers most current analytics, data science and machine-learning applications used by companies. Apple essentially just bought a complete offering of machine-learning-as-a-service.

Note that most of Apple's prior small acquisitions in machine learning were acquihires with relatively early stage/uncommercialized products. This made sense because Apple particularly needed expertise to improve Siri. This acquisition is not that. While Turi definitely comes with a strong team, Apple is buying a real product here. In fact, this acquisition might best be compared to IBM's acquisition of AlchemyAPI. A look at IBM's cloud machine-learning API reveals very similar features.

The punch line of the acquisition is this: machine-learning algorithms are mostly in the public domain. Anyone can implement them. Not everyone can offer them in a usable way in the cloud. This is the hard part - building a scalable machine-learning infrastructure that can serve hundreds of millions of users. Google is the undisputed number one in this area from almost two decades of experience with its search. Microsoft, IBM and Amazon are not that far behind. Thus far, Apple has not offered any machine-learning services for developers to integrate into their applications. SiriKit was only going to offer relatively narrow functionality, which I have described here.

Apple did not just buy some algorithms or a team, it bought a platform that can be used as the basis for future machine-learning services. GraphLab is not an algorithm, it's a computing framework that provides the building blocks to implement large-scale machine-learning services. It could be roughly described as being similar to Google's TensorFlow platform.

Outlook: Brighter

I have written many articles criticizing Apple for allowing itself to fall so far behind in this area. This acquisition definitely is a good move, and I applaud the management for this specific target. By acquiring an established computing platform as opposed to just more expertise or early-stage startups, Apple has laid out the basis to providing state-of-the-art machine-learning services in the future, if it chooses to do so.

Of course, it still remains to be seen what Apple actually does with the product. Will Turi be integrated into a developer kit? Will Apple offer these cloud services to anyone like its competitors? A key question will also be whether Apple can manage to retain the founders. I have said this again and again, not being able to publish at Apple (as opposed to its more open competitors) kills research careers and that might be an issue again.

For now, we just know that Turi has reached out to its customers to notify them that its products will no longer be available. This is not particularly surprising given Apple's preference of tight control over its software ecosystem. Overall, Apple's future in machine learning definitely got more promising today.

If you enjoyed this article, scroll up and click on the "follow" button next to my name to see updates on my future articles on software, machine intelligence and cloud computing in your feed.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc reports progress in workforce diversity, releases new 'Human Family ... SAN FRANCISCO   Apple Inc reported improvements in gender and ethnic diversity in June as the U.S. technology company stayed ahead of fellow Silicon Valley powerhouses Google and Facebook Inc in hiring minorities.

Apple also said in its annual diversity and inclusion report that it had closed pay gaps over the last year by analyzing salaries, bonuses and annual stock grants. It had also opened up its annual stock grants program to retail employees for the first time.

As of June, Apple s overall U.S. workforce was 56 per cent white (up 2 per cent from a year ago), 19 per cent Asian (down 1 per cent) 12 per cent Hispanic (up 1 per cent), and 9 per cent black (up 1 per cent).

Apple s workforce includes a pool of retail employees that Google and Facebook do not have. In Apple stores, blacks and Hispanics respectively comprised 12 per cent and 17 per cent of general employees, and 5 per cent and 10 percent of the leadership.

At Alphabet Inc s Google unit, blacks and Hispanics respectively made up 2 and 3 percent of the overall workforce and 1 and 3 per cent of its tech employees, little changed from last year.

At Facebook, blacks and Hispanics were respectively 2 and 4 per cent of the workforce and 1 and 3 per cent of tech employees.

Apple s global workforce was 32 per cent women, up 1 per cent from the end of June 2015. Women held 23 per cent of technical positions, up 1 per cent from a year ago, and 28 per cent of leadership positions, unchanged from June last year.

Reverend Jesse Jackson, who confronted Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook in 2014 about the company s lack of diversity and unfair compensation, applauded its efforts to connect with engineers of colour through partnerships with historically black colleges and universities and scholarship organizations.

 They are clearly setting the pace, making measurable progress for three consecutive years. They ve acted with intention, not just aspiration,  Jackson said in a statement.

Amazon Inc, which employs a large number of workers at distribution centres, reported late last year that its ethnic diversity exceeded the U.S. average, with a global workforce that was 21 per cent black, 13 per cent Hispanic, 11 percent Asian and 5 per cent other ethnicities.

In management positions at Amazon, however, representation dropped to 4 per cent for blacks and Hispanics, 3 per cent for other races, and climbed to 20 per cent for Asians.

On Thursday Apple released a new advertisement called The Human Family online, with its TV debut during the opening ceremonies of the Olympic Games. Apple says the purpose of the film is to  celebrate all that unites us through a collection of images beautifully captured by everyday iPhone users around the world.  The advertisement is narrated by poet laureate Dr. Maya Angelou, and Apple said it  seeks to show that no matter where we come from, we are more alike than unalike. 

With files from Josh McConnell

  Thomson Reuters 2016 
2016-08-15
The Worst Mistake Apple Inc. Investors Can Make Right Now Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have fallen 7% over the past 12 months due to ongoing concerns about its slowing hardware sales and lack of game-changing new products. The bearish thesis usually consists of three main arguments: Sales of iPhones, iPads, and Macs are all declining year-over-year, services (14% of its revenue last quarter) aren't growing fast enough, and Apple's long-term road map is unclear.

While those are all valid points, the worst mistake Apple investors can make today is to sell on those weaknesses without considering its income-generating potential. Let's take a closer look at Apple's dividend and why its yield could keep growing over the next few years.

Apple's dividend history

Apple paid a dividend in the late 1980s and early 1990s, but those payments were halted in 1996 as its free cash flow plunged to negative levels. Apple brought back the dividend in 2012, presumably to allay concerns about its growth following the death of Steve Jobs in 2011.

Apple has hiked that payout every subsequent year with an average annual increase of about 11%. Its most recent hike boosted the quarterly payout by nearly 10% to $0.57 per share, which equals a forward annual yield of 2.1%. Over the past 12 months, Apple spent 24% of its $50 billion in free cash flow (FCF) on dividend payments.

Other tech giants pay higher dividend yields but generally have higher payout ratios. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) pays a forward yield of 2.5%, but it spent 44% of its FCF on dividends over the past year. IBM (NYSE:IBM) has a forward yield of 3.5%, but its dividend gobbled up 36% of its FCF during the same period. This means that Apple has a lot more room to raise its dividend to "mature" tech stock levels.

How much could Apple's dividend grow?

If Apple spent 40% of its FCF on dividends, it could boost its yield to 3.5% -- which would be much higher than the S&P 500's average yield of 2% and attract more income investors. That yield, along with its current P/E of 13 (which is lower than the industry average of 17), would also set a firmer floor under the stock price.

However, the naysayers will likely note that Apple's FCF has actually been declining since peaking in the second half of 2015. This was caused by slower hardware sales and higher spending on R&D and acquisitions.

Since those trends are widely expected to continue, Apple's FCF will likely decline further over the next few quarters. This has raised concerns that Apple could be doomed to repeat its mistakes of the early 1990s, when it killed its cash flow by spending billions on R&D and investments without creating bankable products. That's why Apple discontinued its original dividend, and why the company only recovered after Steve Jobs returned as its interim CEO in 1997.

Don't forget about its overseas cash

But this time around, Apple has a lot more cash than meets the eye. It holds $18 billion in cash and equivalent domestically, but about $215 billion remains overseas. The company refuses to repatriate that cash to the U.S. to fund buybacks and dividends, since it would be hit with a corporate tax rate of at least 35%. Instead, Apple prefers to utilize low interest rates and fund buybacks with debt.

If the U.S. lowers its corporate tax rate after this election cycle, Apple might bring that cash back home. That game-changing move would dramatically bolster its ability to repurchase stock, raise dividends, and acquire domestic companies without worrying about its cash flow.

Think of Apple as an income investment

Many long-term Apple investors might want to sell the stock because its iPhone-fueled growth cycle is coming to an end. Analysts expect Apple's revenue and earnings to respectively fall 8% and 10% this year, so the stock won't likely deliver comparable returns as previous years.

But before you sell, make sure you don't overlook Apple's ongoing evolution into a dividend-growth stock. If you do, you might give up a stable income stock -- a sound defensive holding for volatile markets. Why Warren Buffett is grabbing Apple stock while other big names run away Apple Inc. is now officially a value stock.

The investor profile of Apple AAPL, -0.53% switched dramatically with news this week that Berkshire Hathaway Inc. s BRK.B, -1.34% Warren Buffett loaded up on the company s stock while other investors like Scion Asset Management, the second hedge fund run by Michael Burry, sold off. A few other institutional investment funds also reported changes in their holdings via Securities and Exchange Commission filings on Monday, showing a new kind of Apple investor: One that prefers slower growth companies with big piles of cash and dividend payouts instead of high-growth (and higher risk) investments.

Other investment managers unloading Apple stakes on Monday the last day to report second-quarter changes included George Soros s hedge fund Soros Asset Management, David Einhorn s Greenlight Capital, which reduced its stake by 16%, and Tiger Global Management. Those moves come a few months after well-known activist investor Carl Icahn dumped his Apple stake due to growth concerns.

Scion founder Burry played a prominent role in the book and film  The Big Short,  as one of the first investors to anticipate the housing crisis that fueled the 2008 financial crises and recession. Scion which, like Apple, is based in Cupertino, Calif. dumped its entire 75,000-share stake in the iPhone maker and loaded up instead on Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% Scion bought 15,000 shares in the parent company of internet search engine and ad giant Google, according to the firm s 13F filing.

Apple s shares, which traded up on Monday, inched up a bit more in after-hours trading to around $109.90. The stock has gained 4% so far this year, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.67% , which counts Apple as a component, has gained 7%.

Buffett was the complete contrarian in the second quarter, adding to the firm s stake in Apple by 55%, to 15.23 million shares from 9.81 million. The firm also unloaded some of its shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.39% .

Buffett s strategy often involves buying consumer staple stocks and stable, long-term companies that will be around for many years, which makes his move an endorsement of the 40-year-old Apple s long-term viability. The fact that Apple fits into this strategy so well is also further confirmation that Apple is indeed a value stock, paying off a steady and consistent cash dividend $2.03 a share in fiscal 2015 with slower growth prospects than its younger rivals in the tech sector.

In the second quarter, Apple reported better-than-expected earnings but included a second consecutive year-over-year decline in iPhone sales, after years of hypergrowth for the smartphone made Apple the world s most valuable company. Investors, though, including Buffett, have high hopes for Apple s next version of the iPhone.

This round of filings definitively shows Apple s investor base changing amid the decline in its once torrid growth curve, with new investors willing to accept slower revenue growth in exchange for consistent cash payouts. The big question is whether Apple can flip yet again to big growth after the new iPhone emerges later this year or further down the line, which would leave the high-growth investors sour and again show the long-term wisdom of Berkshire s  Wizard of Omaha.  Apple: Is A Surprise Coming?  Berkshire Hathaway ups stake in Apple by 55 pct  Twitter is in talks with Apple to bring the Twitter app to Apple TV - NYT, citing sources  
2016-12-22
The Price of Apple Inc.'s Safety Net One financial metric that matters to investors is the ratio of operating expenses to revenue. The lower this is, the (arguably) more efficient a company is with its spending. During Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) meteoric rise in the wake of the successes of the iPhone and, to a lesser extent, iPad, the company's operating-expense-to-revenue ratio bottomed at sub-10%.

That nadir came even as the company's investments in research and development (R&D) and sales, general, and administrative expenses (SG&A) multiplied in the span of a decade -- Apple's revenue growth was just that fast.

Apple's operating expense efficiency is still best-in-class among its peers, but as Apple's growth slows and the costs to build next-generation products rise, that efficiency is clearly eroding.

Though some of the decreased efficiency in Apple's spending is clearly attributable to a natural inflation in product development costs, a recent piece published in Bloomberg suggests that the company's fundamental product development methodology has become less efficient over time.

As you'll see shortly, part of the decline in Apple's R&D efficiency may be due to the company taking steps to minimize the risks associated with developing technically challenging new products.

The MacBook development example

"In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time," writes Bloomberg's Mark Gurman.

He further goes on to quote a "person familiar with the matter" as having said that Apple's engineers are "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable."

As a concrete example, Gurman reports that Apple "tested two primary prototypes" for the 12-inch MacBook that launched back in early 2015 -- a heavier one and a lighter one.

"In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal," Gurman said.

This appears to be an example of Apple trading R&D efficiency for risk mitigation; Apple presumably had to pour more R&D dollars into developing the two prototypes rather than just going all-in on one version. And, to top it all off, the money and effort spent on the model that didn't get shipped goes totally down the drain.

If Apple spends those kinds of resources on such risk mitigation efforts on the Mac (roughly 10% of Apple's revenue), then the amount that Apple probably spends on developing multiple iPhone models (Apple's revenue and profit depend heavily on the iPhone product line) is likely mind-boggling.

Apple's all grown up now

Apple is the largest technology in the world by market capitalization as of this writing, and easily the most profitable. It pays a hefty dividend, too. It's practically the very definition of a blue chip stock.

As such a company, it needs to be very responsible in the risks that it takes. With the iPhone product lineup, Apple must release new phones each fall with little margin for error. This means that if the company wants to try crazy new things that might not pan out in time for release, it had better have several lower-risk options in the works as well.

By having those alternative "fallback" options, Apple is doing what it can to minimize the risk of potential show-stoppers that could substantially impact revenue and operating profits. In return, though, Apple needs to spend more on product development than it would otherwise without such a "safety net" in place.

But, at least to this Fool, that safety net is well worth the price. Apple Inc.'s Dividend Could Double in Just 7 Years Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) isn't the growth stock it used to be. With over $200 billion of revenue per year -- twice as much as five years ago -- top-line growth simply doesn't come as easily for the company anymore. But along with lower growth potential comes more excess cash for shareholders, which can be paid out in dividends. This has turned Apple into quite the dividend stock. Indeed, Apple arguably now shines just as brightly as a dividend investment as it did a growth investment five years ago.

To show just how strong of a dividend stock Apple is, consider how the tech giant's payout could very well double in just seven years.

Apple's recent dividend growth

When Apple initiated a quarterly payout in 2012, the company instantly became a major dividend player. With a cash hoard that had ballooned to over $100 billion, and its $40 billion in annual free cash flow at the time, Apple was a strong choice for income investors despite lacking dividend history.

But the four years that have passed since then have provided more insight into what dividend investors might expect next from Apple. In particular, Apple has proven to be a great contender for long-term dividend growth. During this short period, Apple has increased its dividend every year, averaging an annualized increase of about 10.7%. Further, management has explicitly declared an annual dividend increase to be a priority for the company.

"The Company also plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis," Apple said in a 2014 press release about its dividend increase that year. And management has continued to emphasize its commitment to annual increases.

Where is Apple's dividend headed now?

But can the tech behemoth continue delivering dividend increases as it faces headwinds with growing its business?

A quick overview of Apple's annual dividend payments as a percentage of its earnings and cash flow suggests it can. As it turns out, Apple is only paying out a small portion of its annual free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures) in dividends.

In the past 12 months, for instance, Apple's free cash flow was an impressive $52.3 billion. Yet during this same period, the tech giant paid out just $12.2 billion in dividends. Similarly, its currently paying out only 25% of its annual net income.

Clearly, the company still has considerable room to continue increasing its dividend. Indeed, it would be realistic for it to maintain the annual increase rate it has averaged for the past four years into the foreseeable future. And an average 10.7% annual hike would double Apple's dividend in just seven years.

This analysis illustrates how powerful dividend growth can be over time. While investors who buy Apple stock today will get a dividend yield of just 2%, it's very possible its annual dividend payments seven years from now will amount to 4% of its stock price today. Apple Inc. To Buy Hollywood Studio In 2017 [RUMOR] Apple could be planning to enter the movie and TV industry, as is evident from the moves it is making. The most recent hint comes from notable internet entrepreneur and Mega founder Kim Dotcom, who predicts that the iPhone maker will purchase a Hollywood studio in 2017, according to 9to5Mac.

Is Apple really entering the film industry?

Dotcom s source of information is not entirely clear as of now, but he made a tweet ending with the hashtag  #InsiderIntel.  Dotcom, who is known for his hacking and espionage skills, might have gotten the information from inside a major studio.

Apple s interest in the film industry has attracted a lot of attention in recent months. The company is currently involved in the production of its own Planet of the Apps TV show, and earlier this year, it made a small but notable presence at the Sundance Film Festival. At the festival, the company used its time to meet with  triple A-list  talent to discuss building a lineup of original TV shows, notes 9to5Mac.

Apple has been hesitant to go all-in, and therefore, has a  quixotic and reserved  attitude about its original content plans, according to a more recent report. On the other hand, the company is trying to bring movies to iTunes at the same time they are running in theaters. Dotcom s claims gain credibility from the negotiations and ongoing talks with content creators like those at Sundance.

Apple has the cash to do it

All these claims need to be taken with a grain of salt at this point as it is unclear from where Dotcom received his  Insider Intel.  If all of this is true and the iPhone maker actually goes ahead with buying a Hollywood studio, it would be a huge move.

It makes more economic sense, if the company decides to develop its own slate of high-quality programming. Producing a large number of hit TV shows is possible for Apple due to its huge cash reserves. In comparison, BGR presented a list of seven hit TV shows and their production costs for one season; Game of Thrones   $60 million; Breaking Bad   $39 million; House of Cards and Orange is the new Black; $100 million: Homeland   $36 million; Netflix s version of Arrested Development   $45 million; LOST    $100 million over the course of a 25-episode season; Boardwalk Empire   $60 million.

So Apple would need to spend just $440 million to produce 7 high-caliber shows, or it can opt to make 35 original programs that will cost it substantially less than the $3 billion it paid for the Beats acquisition, says BGR. Most Active Weekly Options: Twitter Inc and Apple Inc. The 20 stocks listed in the table below have attracted the highest weekly options volume during the past 10 trading days. Stocks highlighted are new to the list since the last time the study was run, and data is courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Two names of notable interest are social media stockand iPhone parent. Here's a quick look at how options traders are lining up on TWTR and AAPL.

TWTR is getting demolished this afternoon, down 4.5% at $16.31 -- and on track for a seventh consecutive daily loss. Panic seems to be persisting amid a recent exodus of top executives. Year-to-date, the shares have now surrendered nearly 30%.



Nonetheless, call buying has been the predominant strategy in TWTR's options pits. At the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), the microblogging stock has seen 4.30 calls bought to open for every put during the past two weeks -- a ratio that ranks in the bullishly skewed 84th annual percentile. Echoing this, Twitter's Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) of 0.42 rests in the low 7th annual percentile, hinting at a near-extreme call skew among options in the front three-months' series. Should option bulls begin hitting the exits, the shares could be pressured further south.



Today, however, Twitter Inc put options are flying off the shelves at nearly double the usual intraday rate. The weekly 12/23 17 strike -- which is now in the money -- is the most active put option, and it appears some buy-to-open activity may be transpiring.



Meanwhile, fresh off yesterday's patent infringement lawsuit, AAPL is down 0.8% at $116.07 -- but remains about 10% higher in 2016. Separately, despite reiterating a "buy" rating and an $135 price target, Brean Capital expressed caution about the upcoming iPhone cycle. "Given the lack of model clarity, along with lack of super compelling new features and, frankly, higher ASPs in the U.S given the roll-back of carrier subsidies, competition in China, and higher ASPs in India, we believe it's very possible that the CY'18 demand is more muted that what we'd all originally envisioned," Brean explained.



That isn't stopping options traders from buying to open calls today, with the most action taking place at the weekly 12/23 117 strike. ISE data confirms new positions have been purchased, though it appears some are tied to stock. In any case, today's call buying merely echoes what we've witnessed in recent weeks at the ISE, CBOE, and PHLX. Apple Inc.'s 10-day call/put volume ratio of 2.05 sits just 8 percentage points from a 12-month peak.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Doesn't Have What It Takes Stocks are shying away once again from the Dow 20,000 threshold as the bulls look like they may not have what it takes to beat the hurdle before the holiday weekend.

While I think a breakout is likely before the year is over (for propaganda purposes, obviously), the selling should intensify heading into January as seasonality turns negative and investors contend with a list of unknowns.

Those include the economic impact of higher interest rates, a hawkish Federal Reserve and the uncertain future of President-elect Trump s fiscal plans.

Technical indicators are rolling over as well, with breadth deteriorating as many begin to book profits. A perfect example of this is the single most important stock in the market: Tech bellwether Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), which is rolling over from double-top resistance.

Apple stock really hasn t gone anywhere over the past three months   despite the broad market s ramp to new records   amid disappointment with the iPhone 7, evidence of smartphone market saturation and constant reminders that the company has lost its innovative touch. Tepid China sales and intense competition aren t helping either.

One recent bright spot (and a reason Apple stock ramped back to its October high) was nascent hope of an earnings-repatriation holiday from the incoming Trump administration.

But many investors are apparently using the rebound as an opportunity to exit Apple stock amid growing evidence the company is trying, and failing, to find its next niche.

Its foray into an electric, autonomous vehicle has been a mess as an overture to BMW (OTCMKTS: BMWYY ) was rebuffed and staffing levels cuts. The company has no offering in the AR/VR space. No drone product. And reports of a possible purchase of a Hollywood studio looks like cheap mimicry of the successful original content offerings of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ).

I m bearish and have recommended the Jan $116 Apple stock puts to Edge Pro subscribers. The company will next report results on Jan. 24 after the bell. Analysts are looking for earnings of $3.23 per share on revenues of $77.1 billion.

Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to InvestorPlace readers.

More From InvestorPlace Nokia expands patent litigation against Apple in Asia, Europe and U.S.  Nokia esays xpands patent litigation against Apple in Asia, Europe and the U.S.  
2016-03-08
3 Insights from Recent Apple Inc. Job Listings In order to get a sense of the kinds of things that companies are working on, particularly highly secretive ones like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), I like to look at what positions those companies are hiring for. In this column, I'd like to go over three particularly interesting job listings that I found on Apple's site as they appear to give investors a big clue as to what's next from the iDevice maker.

No. 1: Self-driving car efforts

There has been much ink spilled about the mythical "Apple Car." The Apple Car is rumored to be an electric vehicle that may even be able to drive itself. I believe that the following job posting strongly suggests that the company is putting a serious engineering effort into such a product:

Here we can see that Apple is looking to hire a "deep learning specialist." As followers of graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) may be aware, deep learning is, per the the company, "the fastest-growing field of machine learning."

Indeed, the company goes on to explain that deep learning employs "many-layered Deep Neural Networks to learn levels of representation and abstraction that makes sense of data such as images, sound, and text."

Deep learning is a discipline that's central to NVIDIA's efforts to build computer platforms that enable self-driving cars, as such vehicles need to be trained to recognize many different types of objects in the real world.

Interestingly, one of the "additional requirements" that Apple lists in this job posting is "experience/knowledge of GPU computing" with experience using NVIDIA's proprietary CUDA programming environment "preferred."

This job listing strongly suggests that Apple is looking to pursue self-driving cars.

No. 2: Optical coatings

One of the key features of the iPad Air 2 was the introduction of a fairly novel anti-reflective coating. This coating, according to DisplayMate's Raymond Soneira, led to a significant reduction in ambient light reflections compared to "the very best competing tablets and smartphones."

Per 9to5Mac, one feature of the upcoming 9.7-inch iPad Pro is an updated anti-reflective display coating relative to the one found on the iPad Air 2.

It's unsurprising then that Apple is currently hiring for a Senior Optical Engineer whose job it will be to "[lead] overall investigation on advanced display optical coatings." The listing says that the individual hired for this position will "work with both suppliers and internal teams at Apple to shape the display related technologies that go into Apple products."

I suspect that one way that Apple will improve the effective contrast ratio of the iPhone 7/7 Plus/Pro that arrive later this year will be to implement the same second generation anti-reflective coating that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is expected to have.

No. 3: That Apple GPU ...

I have believed for quite some time that Apple is in the midst of building its own graphics processing unit, something that has been widely reported on at this point. The timing is not clear on when we will see Apple shift away from designs produced by Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF), but I think it's only a matter of time.

Unsurprisingly, on March 4 alone, the iDevice maker put up job listings for two positions that suggest that the company is hard at work on its own graphics processor designs.

The first is for a "Graphics Core Hardware Verification Engineer." The person serving in this role will be "responsible for top-level pre-silicon RTL verification of embedded graphics cores." In other words, this person will be on the team responsible for making sure that Apple's GPU designs should work before they are put into silicon.

The next position that Apple is looking to fill is for a "Graphics Software Engineer." This person will "be responsible for software tasks required for the development and verification of a GPU design."

I'm keeping my fingers crossed for an Apple-designed graphics processor to appear in the A10 system-on-chip that's expected to debut with the iPhone 7 this fall. 1 Thing that We Now Know About the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Camera Anybody who follows Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) knows that the latest entries in the company's premier iPhone lineup get the innovative new technologies first. Examples include camera technology, Touch ID, 3D Touch, and much more.

This is due to two simple facts. First, on a per-unit basis, the iPhone is generally much more profitable than the iPad. Secondly, Apple tends to sell far more of these higher-margin devices.

With this background in mind, I think that some recent rumors/leaks around the upcoming 9.7-inch iPad Pro (as well as the lower-cost iPhone SE) offer some insight into what Apple plans to bring to the table with the iPhone 7.

New iPad and cheaper iPhone to use 12-megapixel rear camera sensor

According to 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman, a generally reliable source for Apple leaks, the upcoming 9.7-inch iPad Pro (the heir apparent to the iPad Air 2) will see an upgrade from an 8-megapixel rear camera sensor to a 12-megapixel camera sensor.

In all likelihood, this sensor will be the same one that was introduced in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

Separately, the upcoming iPhone SE -- a 4-inch smartphone with many of the same internals as the iPhone 6s -- is also expected to use this 12-megapixel camera sensor, per the highly reliable KGI Securities analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo.

What does this tell us about the iPhone 7?

If Apple is putting the current iPhone 6s/6s Plus camera sensor into a relatively low-cost 4-inch iPhone and an iPad, then this strongly suggests that Apple is planning a substantial camera performance upgrade with the iPhone 7/7 Plus.

Indeed, given that the camera is arguably one of the biggest selling points of a premium smartphone, it only makes sense for Apple to try to put as much distance between the prior generation phones and the iPad as possible with the new iPhones.

After seeing what Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) brought to the table with the Galaxy S7 camera, which features excellent low-light performance and extremely quick autofocus courtesy of a new Sony (NYSE:SNE) IMX260 camera sensor, I suspect that we will see similar enhancements with the iPhone 7 camera.

In particular, I expect Apple to keep a similar 12-megapixel sensor, but enlarge the pixels, make every pixel in the sensor a "focus pixel" (as on the IMX260), and dramatically widen the aperture from f/2.2 to something closer to the f/1.7 on the S7.

Where things will get tricky for Apple's engineering team is pulling this off in a phone that's just 6.1-millimeters thin if the rumors are to be believed. Indeed, the Galaxy S7 is a 7.9 millimeters thick, more than enough to accommodate the camera module which Chipworks says is 5.4 millimeters thick. Apple will need to be able to achieve similar performance with a much thinner camera module.

The camera should be a nice selling point for the iPhone 7

The camera improvements that Apple brought to the table with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus were fairly disappointing, with the major improvement being a move to a higher resolution sensor. However, it would seem that with the iPhone 7/7 Plus, Apple will be making a bigger leap in camera performance. The iPhone Pro, which is rumored to feature a dual-lens setup, should be an even more exciting leap forward for the iPhone camera.

Although the new camera won't be enough of a feature on its own to drive a big iPhone 7 upgrade cycle, it should prove to be a critical ingredient of a compelling enough device to drive robust upgrade activity. 
2016-12-05
Apple: What If Interest Rates Go Up?  Apple: Buy The Tree, Not The Fruit A long Idea Sold Short

I've been following Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) evolution as a company through its products since mid-2007, first through the iPod, then the iPhone, and ultimately to the iPad (big and small). While a user of two of these three products (with some inclination to switching to their desktops and MacBook's), I remain ambivalent to the attractiveness of the product. I don't love Apple products, but I don't dislike them either. I think the company has a narrow economic moat, and anyone who buys the stock for the hardware has the rationale for purchasing fundamentally wrong. The user experience can easily be duplicated in other brands such as Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) and Sony (NYSE:SNE), so any product fanaticism is misplaced. Ignore the short-term incremental upgrades and rewards, and buy the tree, not the fruit. Since I first started following the company from an investment perspective, it has been a case of the rise and rise of Apple - ignoring short-term noise for longer term gains.

A moat is useful until it is breached

The idea of an economic moat refers to a Morningstar concept as to how likely a company is to keep competitors at bay for an extended period. One of the keys to identifying superior long-term investments is buying companies that will be able to stay one step ahead of their competitors. The strength and sustainability of a firm's competitive advantage can be used to apply an economic moat rating to the quality of a company as an investment.

The key to assessing the potential investment and return on capital of a company is to look at the company's historical financial performance. Companies that have generated returns on capital higher than their cost of capital for many years running usually have a moat, especially if their returns on capital have been rising or are fairly stable. But a moat (much like their original protective design and purpose) is only useful until they can be breached. As previous performance is no indicator of future success, it is important to consider what impact changes in technology may have on a company's excess economic profits and whether their economic moat is wide, narrow or non-existent.

For example, a competitive advantage created by a hot new technology usually isn't very sustainable because it won't be too long until someone comes along and invents a better version of the same product. It could be suggested that AAPL's earlier success gave it a marginal to non-existent moat as while it was life changing technology (iPod and iPhone) it wasn't long before companies such as Sony and Samsung introduced similar technology and products to the market.

Some of the attributes that Morningstar assesses which can give companies economic moats include the following:

Network Effect. The network effect occurs when the value of a company's service increases for both new and existing users as more people use the service.

Intangible Assets. Patents, brands, regulatory licenses and other intangible assets can prevent competitors from duplicating a company's products or allow the company to charge a significant price premium.

Cost Advantage. Firms with a structural cost advantage can either undercut competitors on price while earning similar margins or they can charge market-level prices while earning relatively high margins.

Switching Costs. When it would be too expensive or troublesome to stop using a company's products, the company often has pricing power. For example: Architects, engineers and designers spend entire careers mastering design software packages, creating very high switching costs.

What's more important - the lure or the hook?

Apple makes great smartphones and tablets, and follow through with incremental product upgrades which maintains consumer satisfaction, product turnover and revenue (in that order). But guess what, so do their competitors.

But the illusion or lure of the product upgrade is merely the consumer bait what truly hooks them (and attributes a narrow economic moat rating) is the intangible qualities and the switching costs.

Intangibles: Fanatical consumers, product design preference (look/feel/touch), it's the Apple way or the highway, "I'll have one (or two) of each (iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, MacBook)."

Switching Costs: Ingrained practice/familiarity with operating systems, product interface, dollar value cost to switch, and... the zero-cost obstacle to switching (which I will revisit later).

Fanatical consumers and advocates of Apple is not what underpins the revenue stream, it is the incremental upgrades which maintains short-term buyer interest. But the underlying "Apple ecosystem" is what underpins and maintains the Apple revenue stream. Yet at the same time stops incremental growth from non-Apple consumers.

Why? Ask yourself this question. Your partner (the Apple fanatic) drops their iPhone and smashes the glass - badly. You (the ambivalent Samsung consumer), take your partner shopping for a new phone, putting up all manner of alternatives from Samsung and Sony that offer similar functionality and interface, often at a discounted entry price to Apple. Your partner is at a point of vulnerability and offers to compromise on one condition  you facilitate the changeover for them. Which prompts this series of questions:

Can you get my iTunes play lists migrated over to the new non-Apple phone?

How do we access the iCloud photo albums and document storage with the new phone?

How does the new non-apple phone sync with the iCloud and my other Apple devices?

Will the one device cable work for my Apple and non-Apple products?

Buy the tree, ignore the fruit.

"Do you know what - let's just get another iPhone...

And that there is the true hook that keeps the Apple consumer engaged and why the recurring revenues make it such an attractive stock to consider holding in a portfolio. The barriers to switching are so simple to understand, yet the majority cannot be bothered to invest the time required to overcome (not to mention switching ingrained behavior). The incremental upgrades simply serve to reward the consumer in the short term, whereas the interlocking and synchronization of the Apple network is what the investor should focus on in the longer term. Maintaining the Apple ecosystem maintains the moat.

In short - buy the tree, ignore the fruit. Apple: Why The Bear Thesis Doesn't Matter The debate surrounding Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and its future often can grow a little repetitive. It seems almost inevitable the Apple news cycle repeats itself year after year with the same recycled arguments, as pundits continue to levy all the usual criticisms: iPhone revenue dependence, critiques of product design, complaints surrounding "financial engineering" via the shareholder return policy. Yet like clockwork, Apple continues to string together solid financial results. The sales that were supposed to evaporate on waning consumer demand always seem to stick around, and long expected margin contraction driven by commoditization of product lines never appears. Unfortunately, the fundamentals always seem to be ignored. "Next year will be different!" cry the bears, and the cycle begins yet again.

Perhaps we can pin the blame on why this poor sentiment exists on Tim Cook. Technology investors tend to chase story stocks, and Apple has done a poor job of crafting a compelling narrative. The company hasn't thrown a real curveball to the market for years, and as a result, everyone is clamoring for change. A CEO with a penchant for story-telling (Elon Musk as an obvious example) could have assuaged concerns when times look bleak, but that isn't Tim Cook's persona.

At the end of the day, that won't matter much. Financial results win out eventually, and like always, I'd caution that change for the sake of change usually does not drive significant profits. Apple has always been methodical in its approach, and I suspect the company will continue to follow that path. Stagnancy doesn't mean the company is failing to execute when it comes to financial results. Controlled for working capital changes (accounts payable/receivable, inventories), operating cash flow was down just 6% over fiscal 2015. Apple remained a cash-generating machine. Despite returning more than $41B to shareholders ($12.1B in dividends, $29.2B in net stock repurchases) and investing more than $23B in its business ($13.5B in capital expenditures, $10B in research and development), Apple still managed to stash away $9B in cash (net of new debt issuance) for a rainy day.

Why The Bear Thesis Doesn't Matter

The benefit of investing in Apple at this juncture, however, is that the market continues to value the company as if its business has already been structurally impaired. As a value investor, these types of situations are exactly what I want to see. With expectations apparently set so low, the company has easy hurdles to clear to maintain its current share price. I'm happy to own the unfavored dogs of the market, so long as those companies can manage to hop gracefully over those low expectations:

That type of investment philosophy isn't as glamorous as predicting the next growth superstar like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) or Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), but that doesn't mean it is any less profitable long term. As investors, we can test that hypothesis by building out a model income statement for Apple over the next four fiscal years:

Without getting too granular on the unit sales and prices that drive this model, I can bring out the highlights. This was built under the assumption that Apple underperforms both fiscal 2017 and 2018 average sell-side analyst consensus. After a brief reprieve from margin contraction in fiscal 2018 driven by the much-anticipated iPhone 8 launch, Apple then sees significant annual revenue drops (~7%), with no repeat of the usual jump that takes place from a brand new iPhone model launch. I've priced in some non-insignificant drops in reported margins, as Apple begins to lose operating leverage in this case as gross margins shrink and the company's R&D budget increases in desperation:

In this scenario, despite tens of billions in investment over the past several years, the company still cannot find a suitable diversifier for its key iPhone product, which has begun to fall out of favor with consumers. For Apple, this would be an unprecedented shift in normal year to year margin volatility, and would mean a return to margins not seen since 2009, when the company had significantly less scale.

Despite the fact that pre-tax income falls more than 20% in this example, earnings per share stays relatively flat due to the attractive shareholder return policy. Given that Apple today is currently trading at roughly its five-year trailing P/E multiple (13.2x), and if we assume that range stays true going forward, then Apple will be dead money over the next several years. Moderate contraction at worse depending on the rate at which you discount future cash flows (8.24 in EPS x 13.2 = $108/share, mid $90s if you discount).

So my answer to whether Apple will release a new blockbuster product within the next several years that will drive tens of billions in additional new revenue and profits before 2020?

I can't tell you, and neither can anyone else. But it isn't necessary to warrant buying today. The market is pricing in next to no chance of that happening. Even more importantly, the market is pricing in meaningful declines in margins, something that has not yet occurred for Apple. That builds in a margin of safety, and buying Apple today basically gives you a free call option on the potential for a stellar new product line (fair chance given the multi-billion R&D and capex budgets) and on the company maintaining its pricing power in the consumer device market. The value is there, and as long as that value remains present, I will maintain a large position.

For deep dive research on asymmetric risk/reward plays in the Industrial and Basic Materials sectors (particularly small and mid-caps), consider investing alongside me and other subscribers within Industrial Insights. Get cutting-edge information with proven results.

This new offering doesn't mean I will be cutting down on quality or my allocated time towards my free offerings on Seeking Alpha. Follow me (by clicking the "Follow" button at the top of this article next to my name) to receive general stock market research and commentary, especially on under-followed small/mid-caps across a wide variety of sectors and 
2016-02-04
Understanding the Valuation Discrepancy Between Apple, Inc. and Alphabet For all intents and purposes, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) are tied in the superficial race to see who has the largest market cap. Alphabet surged to take the token title of "world's most valuable public company" earlier this week in the wake of a strong fourth-quarter earnings release, only to give it back to the Mac maker just a couple of days later.

Let's just call it even. But as both tech giants boast similar market caps, their valuations are still drastically different. Why is that?

One of these is not like the other

For starters, let's lay out a few key metrics.

Metric Apple Alphabet Revenue $235 billion $71.8 billion Net income $53.7 billion $16.4 billion Gross margin 40.1% 62.4% Operating margin 30.3% 25.8% P/E 10 32.7 P/S 2.2 6.8 Revenue growth 17.6% 13.6%

Apple's top and bottom lines are meaningfully higher than Alphabet's, and revenue actually grew more over the past 12 months. But Alphabet earns over three times the valuation multiples shown. Alphabet enjoys higher gross margins since the company predominantly offers software and services, with little meaningful hardware operations compared to Apple, but its operating margin is slightly smaller (more on this later).

Generally speaking, valuation metrics are a function of future growth prospects more than anything else. Investors clearly think that while Apple and Alphabet are worth about the same in absolute dollars (market cap), Alphabet is worth a lot more in terms of its future growth potential.

Doors of perception

There are few reasons this makes sense. Since Apple's top line is so massive, it does take a lot more to move the needle financially for the company. There's this unshakable suspicion that Apple's revenue is peaking, a view that's reinforced by guidance for the current March quarter.

Meanwhile, the market perceives Alphabet as having a plethora of untapped opportunities. This perception is indeed justified considering the company's penchant for experimentation, but at the same time, the market does not perceive that Apple is capable of the same thing. There's a slight disconnect, here.

The whole reason Alphabet is now called Alphabet is because the company reorganized in order to give greater transparency to these Other Bets. The company just reported its first earnings release following the restructuring, and it finally shed some light on these hopeful moonshots.

Other Bets 2014 2015 Revenues $327 million $448 million Operating loss ($1.9 billion) ($3.6 billion)

Alphabet has lost $5.5 billion over the past two years related to Other Bets. This is largely why Alphabet's consolidated operating margin is lower than Apple's. The stand-alone Google segment operating margin last year was 110 basis points higher than Apple's overall operating margin.

Everybody's doing it

Here's the thing: Apple is working on a lot of the same things. They just won't tell you about any of it. I hear that the company tends to be secretive about what it's working on. There are a handful of very promising major tech trends on the horizon, areas that all of the tech giants are investing in. Things like self-driving electric cars, connected homes, virtual/augmented reality, or deep-learning artificial intelligence, among others.

Both Apple and Alphabet are absolutely looking into all of these topics; that's not the question. Apple will do it as secretly as it can, save for the occasional headlines about its hiring activities, while conveniently absorbing any related operating loss in its overall consolidated results. R&D expenses have been rising as a percentage of overall revenue, after all, but just because Apple won't disclose these projects as its own operating segment doesn't mean it's not thinking ahead.

To be clear, Apple is likely only focusing on these bigger ideas, not the true "moonshots." I don't think Apple is all that concerned about smart contact lenses or Internet space balloons. So, to some extent, investors are underappreciating Apple's potential in many of the same areas where they recognize Alphabet's. That's a disconnect that contributes to the valuation discrepancy between the two companies.

The real test will be how each company executes in each of these burgeoning fields, and how well they can build businesses around these new technologies. It's still true that it will take a lot more for Apple to ever launch a product as successful or financially game-changing as the iPhone, so you could say Apple's valuation is a victim of its own success. But that doesn't mean it's not trying. VirnetX Gets $625.6 Million in Patent Trial Against Apple Apple Inc. was told to pay $625.6 million to VirnetX Holding Corp. for using its patented technology related to secure communications, by a federal jury in Tyler, Texas, on Wednesday. VirnetX jumped in after-hours trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Of that figure, $334.9 million covers royalties on older versions of Apple s VPN on Demand, which allows for remote connections and were found to infringe patents in a 2012 trial. The jury said other Apple products also infringe the patents, including newer VPN, as well as its FaceTime video-calling feature and iMessage system to send messages to other Apple users. For those, Apple was told to pay $290.7 million.

VirnetX had been seeking between $532 million and $740 million, arguing that Apple had widely used its inventions without permission. Apple said it developed its own technology, and that VirnetX overvalued what it did invent. In a court filing, Apple said that the most VirnetX should get was $44.4 million.

VirnetX lawyer Brad Caldwell of the firm Caldwell Cassady said jurors were able to clearly understand the case. He said the company s witnesses were  believable  while Apple s witnesses  varied  under questioning.

VirnetX soared as high as $8.81, an 84 percent jump over its closing share price on Wednesday. During regular trading, shares jumped almost 30 percent as investors bet that the daylong jury deliberations would mean a big win for the company.

Second Case

Apple said it will appeal, and it has a history of success in getting big verdicts overturned. A judge in the same Texas court district in July threw out a $533 million damage award Apple lost to Smartflash LLC. A damages retrial in that case is pending the appeal of the underlying infringement finding.

Wednesday s decision ranks in the top 10 among damage awards issued by juries in patent cases, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

 We are surprised and disappointed by the verdict and we re going to appeal,  Apple said in an e-mailed statement.  Our employees independently designed this technology over many years, and we received patents to protect this intellectual property. All four of VirnetX s patents have been found invalid by the patent office. Cases like this simply reinforce the desperate need for patent reform. 

This is the second go-around for VirnetX and Apple. VirnetX had previously won a $368.2 million verdict against Apple only to see it thrown out by an appeals court. The infringement finding regarding VPN on Demand was upheld, while a new trial was ordered on damages and whether FaceTime infringed the patents. This case is a retrial on those issues plus some newer generations of Apple products.

The dispute is over secure networks, known as virtual private networks, through which a website owner can interact with customers, employees can work at home and access company files, or people can see each other as they talk over the phone.

Since VirnetX has been unable to commercialize its own products, investors were counting on a big victory against Apple. The stock lost half its value last year and rises or falls based on news in this case. Shares rose 54 percent on Jan. 12 after the judge said the case would go forward and rejected Apple s bid to narrow the legal issues.

The case is VirnetX Inc. v. Apple Inc., 12cv855, U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (Tyler). 
2016-11-07
Why Apple's Chinese Problems Will Persist Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) seems to have hit a roadblock in China as it is witnessing a consistent decline in iPhone sales in the region. In fact, its sales in Greater China dropped 30% year-over-year in the third quarter, marking the highest percentage fall of any of the company's popular geographic regions.

Why Apple is losing steam in China

One of the most alarming things to note is that the current customers of Apple in China are losing interest in the company's offerings. Now, Apple's client base is considered to be premium in countries where the devices cost a bomb, which is why it can be expected that they will keep sticking to the iPhone since they can afford the same.

However, the bad news is that Apple has been witnessing erosion in its existing client base in China, which has led to a drop in its retention rates. For instance, in the month of September, Apple's retention rate in China dropped to 75% as compared to a higher figure of 82% in the prior-year period.

More specifically, iPhone 7 demand in China has been way lower than expectations (even lower than the U.S.), with only 43% of customers expressing their interest in buying the device. In comparison, 54% customers had expressed their interest in buying the 6S when it was launched, while the interest for the 6 was higher at 64%.

Thus, it is evident that Apple has continued losing ground in China over the years, and this can be attributed to the slowdown in the country's economy. It is a known fact that the Chinese economy has been in slowdown mode for the past couple of years.

This has made customers move away from high-priced items such as iPhones when cheaper and equally efficient alternatives are available. I believe that this is a trend that will continue going forward since wage growth in China, although in the high single digits, is slowing down.

For instance, in the first quarter of the year, Chinese wage growth fell to 7.3% compared to in excess of 10% in 2013. Moreover, next year, Chinese wage growth is anticipated to decline further to 6.7% that will lead to weakness in consumption. Apart from slower wage growth, China also is suffering from increasing unemployment, with the country's unemployment rate set to rise to 6.5% in 2016 as per Goldman Sachs. This is bad news for Apple's premium phones in China. As reported by Bloomberg:

"An extended moderation in wage growth could weigh on consumption growth as the slowdown in revenue growth in both the industrial and services sectors spills over to household sectors and consumption," the economists wrote."

The impact of slow wage growth in China is already being seen on sales of the iPhone 7, where customers are going for the cheaper option of makeover kits. As reported by Tech Times:

"Several Chinese customers owning an older version of the iPhone chose not to buy the latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models and instead gave their older phones a makeover to look brand new. If this trend continues, Apple could highly likely experience a dropdown in sales despite its efforts of boosting profits."

Thus, the Chinese customers have found a way of keeping their iPhones fresh instead of shelling out heavy amounts to purchase a new handset. This involves replacing the casing of an older iPhone shell with a new one that looks like the iPhone 7 and that too at a fraction of the cost, along with certain hardware modifications.

Hence, the prospects of the iPhone 7 in China appear to be bleak in the final quarter of the year. Moreover, due to the economic slowdown in China, customers are queuing up to buy cheaper phones with identical features as discussed below.

Competition is another problem

According to Jan Dawson, a founder of Jackdaw Research, a tech consulting firm, "while China was responsible for Apple, Inc.'s almost half or greater total top line expansion for past several quarters but, currently it's contributing to nearly half of the company's year-over-year decline".

"Lack of innovation" coupled with "rising competition" is expected to be the prime reason behind Apple's lackluster performance in China, according to the industry experts.

Source: Jackdaw Research

Apple's chief executive has blamed the global macroeconomic slowdown and comparatively weaker iPhone 6S sales as compared to the success of both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as the key reasons behind the weakness in China. Further, Tim Cook has also held Hong Kong responsible for a greater than expected loss in Greater China iPhone sales as its currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar. As the dollar has strengthened considerably over the last two years, making tourism and international shopping in the country have become highly.

Still there are several reasons to understand that the ongoing quarterly troubles for Apple aren't only isolated and cyclical. The Chinese population is purchasing more phones from local phone-makers such as Xiaomi and Huawei. In addition, the government of China recently banned some media services delivered by Apple with several restrictions on the distributed content.

Additionally, attractive new features in smartphones are being launched by local Chinese manufacturers at extremely competitive prices. This is driving down the demand for Apple iPhones in China.

Uncompetitive pricing is a problem

Apple launched the all-new Apple Watch last summer, but its sales remained weaker as compared to Apple's highly demanded traditional products. This is why Apple strategically launched its iPhone SE of late, primarily targeting the Chinese middle class. But the phone's introductory retail price at $399 was still expensive against Xiaomi's sub-$200 smartphones that are aligned better with the expectations of buyers.

There's rising competition throughout China as less popular Chinese phone makers such as Vivo and OPPO are marking their place in IDC's list of global top five smartphone makers. The level of competition in the market can be understood from the fact that these two companies have overthrown Lenovo and Xiaomi, which fell to the sixth and seventh positions, respectively last quarter.

Since Apple's iPhones have very common features found in several Chinese smartphones, and that too at very reasonable prices, the company is losing customers in China. Therefore, a lack of understanding of customer purchasing sentiments is believed to be a core driver behind Apple's declining sales in China.

Dearth of superior innovation and price wars

Apple is facing tough competition from companies that are offering mid-level phones across China valued at less than $250 even as middle class wages are improving considerably. But most of those middle class wage earners are still earning lower than the top markets that iPhones are targeting in China.

According to Melissa Chau of IDC Global Research: "Lenovo gained with ASPs less than US$150 during 2013, while Xiaomi achieved the top slot with ASPs less than US$200 during 2014 and 2015. At present Vivo, OPPO and Huawei are the key players in the below-US$250 range that are well-positioned for delivering a solid 2016."

It is high time that Apple realizes the importance of delivering high-quality innovation that is hard to copy and that too at a lower price. This seems to be the only surviving strategy for Apple in a fiercely competitive smartphone market in China.

More trouble from competitors ahead

Apple's competitors in China are focused on taking more market share away from the company. For instance, Huawei, which is the third-biggest smartphone maker on a global basis, plans to overtake Apple in the next couple of years. More importantly, Huawei is aggressively focused on achieving this target and in order to attain the same, the company has been making both design and software-based changes.

For instance, its latest premium Mate 9 phone, which was launched earlier this week, has a built-in artificial intelligence feature. Using this feature, the phone will learn the habits of the user and give priority to the apps that are used most in the phone, giving higher ease of access. Moreover, Huawei won't stop at this one feature as it plans to inculcate both virtual reality and augmented reality into its phones going forward.

Additionally, Huawei has also developed a version of its latest premium phone in association with Porsche, which is meant to appeal to the higher-end customers. So, it looks like Huawei is making all the right moves in order to gain more market share going forward. Currently, Huawei has 9% market share of the global smartphone market, while Apple is at 12%. However, Apple has been losing share in key areas, while Huawei is making progress on this front.

So, it won't be surprising if Huawei continues to gain share from Apple going forward on the back of its innovative moves.

Conclusion

In my opinion, Apple's strategy in China seems to be flawed. Cheaper phones with identical features are capturing demand in China, which is why it will be a good idea for investors to remain wary of the company's prospects in this major market. Report: Apple Inc. Might Be Preparing Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ... Per a report from Japanese publication Mac Otakara (via MacRumors), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning to offer customers another color option for potential iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus buyers: jet white. Presumably, this would be a white phone with the same glossy finish as the jet black iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models (along with a white face, similar to those found on the silver, gold, and rose gold models).

Mac Otakara doesn't seem that confident in this report, though, as it cautioned that "this information may be unreliable."

Let's take a closer look at whether or not this rumor makes sense.

Apple's onto something with glossy iPhone finishes

There is a reason that smartphone makers care about building attractive-looking devices: People are likely much more willing -- whether they're aware of it or not -- to buy a device that looks sleek and appealing than they are to buy a device that looks ho-hum.

Given how popular the iPhone models in jet black seem to be (KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo said that 30% to 35% of iPhone pre-orders worldwide, and almost 50% of iPhone pre-orders in China, were for jet black models), it's clear that customers are attracted to that finish.

If customers like the jet black finish, then it's reasonable to assume that there might be customers who would like glossy iPhone models in other colors -- like white. Such a device could certainly be attractive to customers who would have otherwise gone with, say, an iPhone in silver.

Mid-cycle jet white iPhone release makes sense

Per Kuo, manufacturing yields on the glossy finish used on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models in Jet Black initially weren't great, coming in between 60% and 70%.

That relatively low yield rate may have been one reason Apple didn't apply the glossy finish to additional iPhone models. However, as Apple and its manufacturing partners have gotten better at building phones with this finish, yield rates have likely improved.

If manufacturing yields have improved on Apple's process to produce the glossy finish, and since demand for iPhone models in jet black appears to be strong, then a mid-cycle jet white iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus release would make sense. Here are a few reasons why.

First, Apple is likely to limit the jet white finish to more expensive 128 gigabyte and 256 gigabyte configurations just as it does with the jet black models in order to encourage up-selling.

For example, a potential customer who might have otherwise gone with a 32 gigabyte iPhone 7 Plus in silver might instead opt to go with an iPhone 7 Plus in a 128 gigabyte configuration in order to get the new jet white finish.

This could help to further bolster Apple's iPhone average selling prices (and thus revenue and profits).

Second, an attractive new finish may simply help to boost demand. There might be users of older-generation iPhone models who are on the fence about upgrading to new models. An attractive jet white model could be what pushes some of those customers over the edge.

The potential impact from a mid-cycle jet white iPhone release likely wouldn't be a game changer for Apple, but it could be a low-risk/high-reward way for the company to try to both juice iPhone average selling prices and boost demand for iPhones during the current fiscal year. Apple HomeKit Could Reap Rich Rewards In Asia Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) emphasized in its Q4 2016 earnings call the value of the fast-growing Services division. Services revenues rose 24% to US$6.325 billion. This is a time when observers are fretting about the maturity of the mobile phone market worldwide, and the competitive landscape in China in particular. Macs have also seen a decline along with the decline in PC shipments worldwide.

Apple's HealthKit is likely to be a more substantive revenue generator than HomeKit in the long run. Music and the Apps Store in general are key. However, HomeKit has a particular application, especially in Asia. The company could put the emphasis on Asia for various reasons. There is the greater connectivity in some countries. There are the increased costs leading homeowners to rely less on domestic helpers. There is the need to conserve energy for countries without their own energy resources. There is the drive to reduce pollution and improve air quality.

As such, HomeKit stands out as a potentially crucial opportunity in increasing the ecosystem for Apple in Asia. This ecosystem in turn enables the ever-increasing importance of Services revenue to Apple.

The importance of Asia to Apple is self-evident from the detail below for 2015.

With 38.3% of Apple's sales coming from Asia, HomeKit provides the opportunity to strengthen the Apple ecosystem, as smartphone competition heats up.

HomeKit

At the Q4 briefing, Tim Cook stated the company expects to have over 100 certified HomeKit accessories by the end of the year.

The crucial advantage of HomeKit in iOS 10 is that it is now under one app called Home. This functions as a control center for all the available products. Previously, users found it difficult and time-consuming to combine together all the different products from different suppliers. Now, there is the more usual Apple experience of dragging and dropping icons. A lack of standardization was one factor in what had previously put consumers off smart home systems.

The three sections of the Home app are called Home-Rooms-Automation. The latter allows for more of an AI (Artificial Intelligence) feel, building automatic triggering events. For example, if you are approaching home and need to open garage doors or switch on the air conditioner. Activation of one product can be programmed to trigger the activation or non-activation of another.

For the consumer, HomeKit seems to offer easily-intuitive programming from the Automation tab. The screen view below is an example:

There are some big brand names involved in the products. These include smart lighting from Philips (NYSE:PHG), locks from Schlage, motorized Lutron blinds and the Honeywell Lyric T5 smart thermostat. For the latter, the consumer can have a set schedule, but also use geofencing, whereby the temperature is adjusted dependent on, say, the location of the user's phone.

Apple has also concentrated its resources on the security of its own inter-connected devices. The recent large-scale distributed denial of service (DDoS) in the USA is an example of the problems that can arise when passwords are already encoded in separate and diverse devices. Apple has instituted end-to-end encryption, protected wireless chip standards, and remote access control. Bringing in these security features was reportedly a reason why the new product was delayed as long as it was.

That may have been a smart move. Consumer concerns often cited are data privacy and security. So SSL encryption and trusted platform module (TPM) will be key to success.

Apple's voice recognition system Siri can now become more omnipresent. It can be used to control the iPhone, the new laptops, the Apple Watch and Apple TV. For smart home systems to become popular, it seems likely that reliable voice commands are desirable to act as the standard integrator. Apple's purchase of Emotient earlier this year would seem to indicate adding face recognition to the mix.

iPads can now serve as hubs for remote control of the home if one is outside the range of a local area network. Apple TV can be used in the same way. As in the movie "Her," perhaps, we will start to fall in love with our digital assistants. Security is vital. Otherwise, as in "2001: a Space Odyssey," perhaps, the voice-controlled computers will take over!

One problem for Apple is the cost of the products on offer. The company may have to decide between having HomeKit as a major profit center, or to give priority to HomeKit as a means to increase its ecosystem.

China

The country has a great degree of connectivity in the so-called "Internet of Things." This is now extended into the home as well as into business connectivity. It has an estimated 50 million machine-to-machine connections. It also has a "smart city" program well down the road. Both Central and local Government are emphasizing smart meter and smart city concepts. All the usual Internet companies such as Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), Xiaomi (Private:XI), Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) and Haier (OTCPK:HRELY) have launched strong smart home initiatives.

A recent survey by GfK reported that 75% of Chinese people interviewed reckoned that they would adapt smart home technology.

One particular area of activity on China is smart home technology to handle the problems of air quality in the country. So control of air conditioning units and air purifiers has become a popular usage.

Much has been written about the vital importance of China to Apple's fortunes. In Q4, Apple's revenue from China fell 30% to US$8.8 billion, but it did produce US$1.7 billion in App Store revenue. Apple's commitment to the market has been shown by its US$1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing and its US$45 million R&D center in Beijing.

Smart homes are an obvious and important target for Apple to strengthen its position in the country. The opportunity is there to improve the "stickiness" of its ecosystem rather than relying primarily on smartphones.

Estimates of the size of the "smart home" market in China vary widely. This is partly because different estimates put different products in the smart home "basket" of products. Juniper Research estimate the market will be worth US$22.8 billion by 2018. Strategy Analytics reckon the market will be worth US$14 billion this year. It forecasts growth at 13% CAGR to reach US$22 billion by 2020, taking in 50 million homes. What is not in doubt is that the market is large and growing.

Events such as the recent Smart Home Tech 2016 fair in Shanghai illustrate the emphasis on this business in the country. One specific feature of smart home development in China is the prevalence of use there for smartphones for all sorts of applications.

Using smartphones for home automation is an obvious add-on in the country, and one which, of course, suits Apple particularly well.

Asia

As in China, in Japan much of the push for smart homes is coming from the Government. Following the closing down of its nuclear power stations and lack of energy reserves, energy conservation is of central importance to the country.

In 2015, the Ministry of Economy, Trade & Industry introduced subsidies for "home energy management systems" (HEMS). There is a special HEMS task-force, with its ideas illustrated below.

As a policy statement, the Government has emphasized the importance of smart homes in the country's overall energy policy. The stated Government aim is to produce "net zero energy homes." It is estimated that the smart home systems market will be worth US$22 billion by 2020.

Developments such as the Shioashiya net energy city are springing up. These put the focus on solar panels and home energy management systems. The Tokyo Electric Power Co. expects to install 27 million smart meters by 2020.

Another driver for growth in Japan is its ageing population. Making life easier for old people in the home is seen as a priority. This has led to the drive for what is termed "Smart Home Healthcare." Research firm PS Market has forecast that this will have an annual CAGR of 38% between 2016 and 2027. This market concentrates on issues such as a change in the homeowner's health status, and fall prevention and detection.

This gives Apple another great opportunity to combine its HomeKit with its HealthKit.

In Japan, recently visited by Tim Cook, Apple is opening a new R&D facility in Yokohama. This is intended to deepen the integration with local partners and the overall community. It is thought that more developments on Siri and on AI will be concentrated there. Cook, no doubt, discussed the HomeKit product there during his visit.

Japan is of course a country where Apple has one of its highest penetrations and a country where home automation is already popular. Japanese company Panasonic (OTCPK:PCRFY) is a leader in smart home developments there. It is focused on temperature control and humidity, using AI with self-learning systems. It has a joint venture with IBM (NYSE:IBM) to develop smart homes. This sort of tie-up is what Apple probably needs to do itself in Japan.

Sony (NYSE:SNE) is also much involved. Its initiatives include its recently launched QR10 smartlock. Apple has been partnering with various companies, as in Haier-Apple HomeKit Air Conditioning pictured below:

Elsewhere in Asia, telecom companies are often taking the lead in offering smart home devices. In Singapore, there is the recently-launched "Singtel Smart Home" service. This is as an option to a standard fiber connected contract with the country's largest telecom operator. For instance, Singtel has teemed up with Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) for its range of Smart Doorlocks as a part of the system. According to a Singtel spokesman:

The smart nation programme initiated by the Government also created a certain momentum- people now embrace smart homes and it's a reality now."

Next month, there is a major conference and trade fair in Singapore entitled the "Smart Summit." This officially will be "covering the Internet of Things ecosystem." It has different conferences and shows covering smart homes and smart cities.

Governments in Asia are stressing that home automation is not just about convenience, but about cost savings and security. These are prime areas of concern in large advanced cities such as Singapore, Hong Kong and Seoul. In the latter, the same GfK survey reported that 56% of South Koreans expected to adapt smart home technology.

Capital city Seoul is, by any measure, one of the most "connected" cities in the world. As in Japan, smart cities such as Songdo are springing up around the country. A recent report from Statista.com (whose projections tend to be conservative) reckoned the smart home market in South Korea was worth US$343 million in 2015. This was projected to rise to US$2.8 billion by 2021.

The Competition

Apple may have been a bit slow to emphasize Home Kit. The product was first launched back in 2014 in iOS 8. The delay, partially caused by ensuring the security issues were sorted out, may not have proved a mistake though.

Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) has made much of its Amazon Echo service. This serves as the delivery vessel for its digital assistant "Alexa." Priced at US$180, it is expected that 3 million units will be sold this year and 10 million units in 2017. The main purpose of Echo is presumably to make it easy for Amazon customers to buy products on the Amazon website. Amazon opened this up to 3rd party developers. Long term, Apple should have a larger army of loyal developers who rely quite a lot on the company for their income.

Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is promoting its Google Home service, the delivery vessel for its digital assistant "Assistant." Over the past few years, it has spent a lot of money on this. It acquired businesses such as Nest (smart thermostats) for US$3.2 billion and Dropcam (security cameras) for US$550 million. So far, reportedly without much tangible effect. It still feels the time is right. CEO Sundor Pichai stated:

We're at a seminal moment in computing. We are evolving from a mobile first to an A1 first world."

Troubled Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) recently bought digital assistant product Viv.

Apple's Siri voice assistant service has been seen by many as falling behind Amazon's Alexa. Also, some have questioned whether consumers will want to walk around their homes with pods in their ears. Apple may need to come out with a stationary alternative such as that which Amazon provides.

Conclusion

The day of the smart home may finally be with us after some false starts. "Consumer Affairs" reports that in the USA, there are now 4.6 million smart homes. It reckons this number will increase to 20 million in the next 5 years. Apple is already partnering with new home builders such as Lennar (NYSE:LEN), KB Home (NYSE:KBH) and Brookfield (NYSE:BRP).

Research company Forrester have forecast a gradual increase, as shown below and reported in The Economist magazine.

A strong new focus by Apple could produce strong dividends. The company has a big advantage due to its huge installed base of iOS users. Over 50% of Apple devices are already using iOS 10 and thus can get HomeKit. Additionally, by only allowing approved devices, it ensures customer security. Surveys have all shown that this is a big concern amongst consumers.

HomeKit may be another example of where Apple was late to the party, but then dominated it. We saw this happen with the iPod for MP3 players and the iPad for tablets. The company has a 550 million iPhone user base, which its competitors cannot match.

Asia though is likely to be where the fastest growth is seen. Its economies and population are growing rapidly. Already 2.8 billion of the region's 4.3 billion people live in cities. As the smartphone market matures and gets more competitive, services opened up by smartphones are becoming more important. Apple's brand is well-received in a brand conscious continent. It can offer better security than others, a strong concern for consumers. Asia represents a great opportunity for Apple to leverage on its strong iPhone base and increase the "stickiness" of its ecosystem. 
2016-10-14
1 Way Apple Inc. Can Drive Smartphone Average Prices Up At this point, it's extremely difficult to get hold of an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 Plus in either black or jet black. In contrast, finding most models of the iPhone 7 in stores isn't terribly difficult. It's not entirely clear why the iPhone 7 Plus is in relatively short supply compared with the iPhone 7, but I suspect that part of it is due to a customer shift from the 4.7-inch iPhone model to the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.

It's not hard to see why customers might be interested in the bigger phone. The display is sharper, packing a pixel density of 401 pixels per inch compared with the 326 of the smaller one, although this has been the case for the past couple of generations. And, perhaps more importantly, the larger one has the differentiated dual-camera setup that enables buyers to use a true optical zoom.

To put it bluntly, the iPhone 7 Plus is simply a better phone than the iPhone 7, and it may be the case that an increasing number of iPhone buyers are willing to pay more to get a better product.

Going forward, I expect Apple to continue to differentiate the larger smartphone from the smaller one in a bid to drive an even richer product mix -- pushing Apple's average selling prices, gross margin dollars, and ultimately profit margins up.

Where Apple can profitably differentiate

The areas in which Apple is likely to differentiate its larger iPhone from its smaller one are in areas that matter a lot to customers. The camera is a big one, as is the display -- not so coincidentally the two areas in which the company differentiates its smaller and larger iPhones today.

A report from the generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, via MacRumors, claimed that with the next iPhone, Apple intends to keep the dual-lens camera unique to the larger model. Given that the dual-lens camera seems to be a compelling selling point for the iPhone 7 Plus over the iPhone 7, further enhancing the features and functionality of the dual lens camera with the iPhone 8 Plus seems like a smart move.

Additionally, according to a report from Nikkei, Apple is planning to launch not two, but three new iPhones next year: a 4.7-inch model, a 5.5-inch model, and a 5.5-inch "or larger" model "equipped with a screen bent on two sides."

Moreover, the report claims that only the highest-end model will include a curved OLED display; the other two will stick with liquid crystal displays similar to the ones found on today's iPhone 7, though this isn't necessarily a bad thing, given how high quality the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus displays are.

The point, though, is that Apple seems to be realizing there are customers who will pay more as long as they receive real value in return. The iPhone 7 Plus, for example, is $20 more expensive than prior Plus models, but that doesn't seem to be stopping demand from outpacing supply at the moment. I suspect that next year's OLED-equipped iPhone will be priced at quite a premium, perhaps starting at $869, and that it will still do very well in the marketplace.

Investment takeaway

Apple now has the resources to develop multiple versions of its products to target different price points. We've seen Apple go lower with the iPhone SE, and we've seen it push pricing of the iPhone 7 Plus up relative to the prior-generation iPhone 6s Plus and its predecessor, the iPhone 6 Plus. We've even seen Apple restrict the jet-black finish to higher-storage-tier iPhones.

I believe that Apple has a good opportunity to sell an increasingly rich mix of products over the next couple of years, through feature differentiation in higher-end models. Assuming constant units, this approach should translate into both higher units, gross margin, and ultimately profits.

Should a more aggressive segmentation strategy also drive up overall unit shipments, that would be just gravy for the iDevice maker. Apple, Inc. Earnings: 5 Key Areas to Watch Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report is less than two weeks away. After getting rescheduled because of a "scheduling conflict," Apple is now set to report the results for its most recent quarter on Tuesday, Oct. 25 instead of a previous date of Oct. 27. Since the company is expected to report its third quarter in a row of declining revenue, the pressure is on.

When Apple releases its quarterly results and provides a business update for investors in the conference call following the release, here are five important areas to watch.

1. Revenue

Management said in its third-quarter update that it expected fourth-quarter revenue in the range of $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion. Notably, this represents a meaningful year-over-year decline of 11.7% to 7.8% compared to the year-ago quarter.

Apple's recent revenue decline has been primarily due to lower iPhone sales during fiscal 2015 as the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus struggled to live up to iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales. And this will likely be what may drive another decline in the company's fourth quarter.

Given that Apple's guidance is usually fairly accurate, investors can rely on management's own expectations as a barometer for what to expect when the tech giant reports results.

2. Earnings per share

Since Apple's year-over-year revenue declines have recently been driven mostly by declining iPhone sales, which is Apple's most profitable product segment, the company's earnings per share have been declining even more rapidly than revenue. In Apple's third quarter, for instance, earnings per share fell 23% on a 14% decline in revenue.

A similar trend is likely to persist in Apple's fourth quarter. This is likely why the consensus analyst estimate for Apple's fourth-quarter earnings per share is just $1.65, representing a 15.8% decline compared to earnings per share in the year-ago quarter -- and worse than the 11.7% to 7.8% decline in revenue Apple management is anticipating.

3. Gross profit margin

Apple management said in the company's third-quarter update that it expected gross profit margin in the final fiscal quarter of 2015 to be between 37.5% and 38%, down from a gross profit margin of 39.9% in the year-ago quarter.

Given that Apple's healthy gross profit margin is not only critical to the company's uncanny levels of profitability, but also a key sign of Apple's ability to sell its products at a premium price to a large customer base, investors should look for this important metric to at least be in line with management's expectations.

4. iPhone sales

Since iPhone revenue accounts for well over half of Apple's revenue (64% in the trailing 12 months), investors might want to check in on this critical product segment.

It's difficult to pinpoint exactly where iPhone revenue will come in for Apple's fourth quarter, particularly because Apple launched its iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with several weeks before the quarter ended, and about a week earlier than it released the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus in the year-ago quarter. But iPhone's third-quarter year-over-year revenue decline of 23%, along with management's guidance for a decline in total fourth-quarter revenue, suggest investors should brace for another sharp decline in revenue for the segment.

5. Guidance

Apple's revenue guidance for its first fiscal quarter of 2017 may be the most interesting area to watch when the company releases its fourth-quarter update. It will preview what Apple expects from the first full quarter of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus sales and show whether or not revenue declines could reverse in the important holiday quarter.

The number against which investors will be judging revenue guidance is $75.9 billion. This is the revenue Apple reported in its first fiscal quarter of 2016.

Apple's fourth-quarter results will be released on the company's investor relations portion of its website shortly after market close on Oct. 25. On the same page, investors will also be able to find a link to the Apple's live question-and-answer session with analysts to discuss the quarter's results. The live conference call is scheduled to start at 2:00 p.m. PDT. Apple, Inc. Is More Interested in Augmented Reality Than Virtual Reality There are a few major tech battlegrounds looming on the horizon, including smart homes and artificial intelligence, among others, but one particularly important field will be augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR). Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) effectively kicked off the AR/VR arms race with its 2014 acquisition of Oculus VR. Being acquired by such a large company gave Oculus and its work in VR a sense of legitimacy. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg envisions a future where people can interact socially in VR without ever having to set a foot outside their homes.

As far as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is concerned, the company has been characteristically secretive, although CEO Tim Cook continues to drop hints about Apple's pipeline. Cook sat down with BuzzFeed News Japan recently for an exclusive interview, and tipped his iHand quite a bit.

Augmented reality has broader use cases

For now, the use cases for VR are predominantly focused on entertainment and gaming. The high cost of entry (Oculus costs about $1,500 if you include a high-end gaming PC) limits the market for the most part, and VR is currently a niche within the gaming community. Sony is taking a shot at more affordable VR experiences, recently launching PlayStation VR, a $400 VR headset for the PlayStation 4.

Cook suggests that VR can potentially be socially isolating: "There's no substitute for human contact. And so you want the technology to encourage that." If you imagine Zuckerberg's vision of people sitting at home with VR headsets interacting solely in cyberspace, it does invoke dystopian connotations from science fiction. Ironically, Zuckerberg's belief in creating social VR experiences has the potential to make humans decidedly less social in real life.

In the interview, Cook continued:

VR has some interesting applications, but I don't think it's a broad-based technology like AR. Augmented reality will take some time to get right, but I do think that it's profound. We might ... have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here, right? And so I think that things like these are better when they're incorporated without becoming a barrier to our talking. ... You want the technology to amplify it, not to be a barrier.

If you think about Apple's go-to market strategy, the company always targets the mainstream consumer, since that's where the volume lies. In that context, the hurdle for AR adoption is also a lot more manageable. AR can add value to consumers' lives by providing a wide range of contextual information in countless scenarios. You could even consider AR an extension of wearables, as it would likely be delivered with some type of headset that could provide an informational overlay or heads-up display (HUD).

With VR, you have to completely immerse yourself into a VR world. That also takes a lot more effort to build, and the average consumer may not have much reason to enter a VR world. In contrast, an AR experience should be relatively simpler to develop, since you're not creating an entirely new world from scratch. Besides, companies have already begun using machine learning to determine contextual relevance using a wide range of user data, which currently manifests in the form of virtual assistants. You can think of AR as sitting at the convergence between wearable computing and virtual assistants. You could also consider AR a stepping stone to VR later on, once the market is ready for it.

Apple has been quietly scooping up companies and talent that will contribute to its AR ambitions. Naturally, the Apple rumor mill will provide a steady stream of leaks as we approach the inevitable product launch. Until then, investors can safely say that Apple isn't all that interested in VR. Apple's Latest Futuristic Technology After about five years running through the USPTO, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was granted a patent, Application number US15138931, named "Transparent Electronic Device," which can bring great changes in how we think about the iPhone. This is not Apple's first augmented reality or AR patent, but the one that describes the futuristic scenario most clearly. Given that IDC forecasts the AR/VR market to grow 30-fold in the next few years, from $5.2 billion today to over $160 billion in 2020, Apple's forays in AR takes on new significance. In fact, it is AR that has more useful potential, as the same report says, and as we shall soon see, Tim Cook also seems to confirm that AR is where Apple's focus lies. In this article, I will take a brief look at the relevant patent and what it might mean for a future iPhone.

Augmented reality, as we know, is adding a virtual element to reality, augmenting it visually, haptically or kinesthically. Instead of in virtual reality, where the real world disappears into an immersive, interactive, completely unreal, reality. In AR, the rest of the visual, tactile, sensory world remains the same, except for a small part, which may be an image projection, or other sensory depictions, which is not real. In terms of image, this is often a projection that can be "seen through," unlike in VR where what you might see through a VR image is also VR.

It is interesting that Tim Cook, who, following a long Apple tradition, keeps very quiet about sight-unseen futuristic developments at Apple, recently said the following about its AR work:

"AR I think is going to become really big," said Cook. "VR, I think, is not gonna be that big, compared to AR   How long will it take? AR gonna take a little while, because there's some really hard technology challenges there. But it will happen. It will happen in a big way. And we will wonder, when it does (happen), how we lived without it. Kind of how we wonder how we lived without our (smartphones) today."

In another very recent interview also, Tim Cook talks about how AR, not VR, is the core technology and how Apple is working on developing AR projects behind the scene. Add that all to the fact of the new patent coming out just around a month or two before these interviews, and one feels something interesting is developing at Apple.

What the patent # US15138931 actually says

With the caveat that often a patent doesn't sound as interesting or useful as the invention it develops, here's what the patent says about the concept:

A method and system for displaying images on a transparent display of an electronic device. The display may include one or more display screens as well as a flexible circuit for connecting the display screens with internal circuitry of the electronic device. Furthermore, the display screens may allow for overlaying of images over real world viewable objects, as well as a visible window to be present on an otherwise opaque display screen. Additionally, the display may include active and passive display screens that may be utilized based on images to be displayed.

What, exactly, will this patent do to an iPhone? Well, if deployed, it may make the iPhone's screen almost transparent, with possibly a small masked, opaque portion hiding the electronic innards. The screen, which can be made transparent on demand, will let users view objects behind the iPhone, through the iPhone, making it work like an overlay image which can display information about whatever object is behind the scene. Even more interesting, in one embodiment of the technology, Apple claims that the iPhone "may include two or more of such display screens (each having respective viewing areas with transparent portions) arranged in an overlaid or back-to-back manner." This use of overlayed, multiple display screens produces the possibility of 3D holographic imagery. Apple actually goes on to discuss "sensed rotation" of the object, which can be displayed using a set of active and passively transparent display screens.

The movement and multiple transparent window concept is nicely illustrated in the following tree:

Source - USPTO

As the diagram above clearly says, the transparent window on the iPhone or other device can be user generated, on-demand. It can also represent motion very realistically.

How a future iPhone may look like

If this invention is every deployed, - and from what Tim Cook says, they are working on it - the iPhone will have its greatest makeover since it was first manufactured. The iPhone's beauty is that it already looks semi-transparent. With this application, its entire screen space, except for a small area hiding the circuitry, will become transparent on demand. It will not be 100% transparent, like glass, but more of a darker transparency, like Samsung actually demonstrated last year.

Source - Note the transparency of the slightly darkish screen

It also may take the following look if it involves multiple passive and active display screens as discussed just now.

Source - Wraparound glass display iPhone

The wraparound display can be viewed as a set of multiple displays, at least two, which have the potential to make motion imagery more vivid and lifelike.

How can this be useful

Well, besides simply the wow factor of having an iPhone turn into a Star Trek like AR device, there are multiple possible uses for this AR technology, some of which Apple itself has stated.

In one concept, this AR iPhone can be used in a setting, say, the museum, where the "overlays virtually interact with real-world objects." So, in a museum setting, an exhibit like a painting may have an overlay on one display screen, while information about the painting - taken from technology present in the museum, or even stored in the phone or from the Internet - could be displayed in the second screen. The same thing could be possible outside a closed setting. You could look at a scenic view of the Alps, for example, through your iPhone's transparent screen, and if you zoom in, you could see information about the height of a peak, or a climbing route, or a trekking route, displayed right across the screen overlaying the background. No, I am not writing science fiction - the Apple patent application says most of these things.

It is also possible to generate a transparent window with a tap or a double tap. From the language of the patent: "This tap or double tap input by a user may cause the processor(s) 24 to change the voltage driven to an area of the display screen 50 corresponding to the location of the tap or double tap by the user such that the pixels in the area are driven to voltages that cause the area to be transparent." So, the rest of the screen will be opaque, but right next to, say, a set of information displayed on the opaque screen, about an object outside, you could create a transparent window to actually see that outside object. This isn't just uber cool, this could be a very useful feature in a number of settings where more realistic visualization of information is necessary for a user to understand something more clearly. Like surgery, for example - someday a surgeon may tap his iPhone in a surgical setting to figure out what that thing is doing inside your stomach, or whatever.

Another application could be 3D display. As inventor Aleksander Pence says, the iPhone may include multiple rear facing cameras, and images captured from them can be put together in the form of a three dimensional, real time overlay of what's behind the phone.

When will it come to the market

Apple has been quietly growing a lot of assets in the AR/VR technology arena. The company has been buying into a number of AR/VR technology companies, and hiring key personnel with expertise in the area, for a number of years now. It hired Microsoft's Nick Thompson, who has worked on HoloLens, and Bennett Wilburn, who has also worked in machine learning. Recently, Apple hired Doug Bowman, who is developing pioneering technology in 3D user interfacing. Zeyu Li, who has worked at AR startup Magic Leap, which is developing extremely cool new technology in AR, has also been hired.

Besides personnel hires, Apple is also acquiring key assets in AR/VR, like when in 2013 it purchased PrimeSense for $345 million. PrimeSense was the original developer of the technology behind Xbox Kinect, which could be controlled using voice and gestures. In May 2015, Apple acquired Metaio, a German company that has produced cool projects in AR.

All theses hires and purchases tell me that Apple is working fast to produce something marketable in the very near future. This year is already gone, and next year's product launches are probably already lined up, but by 2018, I expect the first workable i-device based on AR to come to the market. It may not immediately be bundled on the iPhone - the iPhone launch is Apple's most important event, and AR is still an iffy market. However, one would expect slow integration of the technology with the iPhone if it hits it off with initial customers. Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. May Have Just Confirmed Apple Inc. A12 Win Back in 2015, it was revealed that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had decided to source the A9 applications processor that powered the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus from both Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF).

This was viewed as something of a blow to TSMC, as the company was previously the exclusive manufacturer of Apple's A8 chip.

Since then, TSMC's execution appears to have improved. It is widely believed to be the sole manufacturer of Apple's A10 Fusion chip inside of the recently released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. It is also expected to be the sole manufacturer of next year's A11 processor, particularly in light of management's comments that it will have in excess of 70% foundry market share at the 10-nanometer node.

Based on commentary from TSMC's third-quarter earnings call, it looks as though it might have won the entirety of Apple's A12 orders as well.

TSMC expecting substantial share at 7 nanometers

When an analyst asked TSMC's executives about what kind of share the chipmaker expects to have during the 7-nanometer technology generation, co-CEO Mark Liu had the following to say, according to a transcript from Seeking Alpha [sign-in required]:

High. We'd say high. Higher than 10-nanometer. We want to do every node higher than the previous node.

Based on this comment, and assuming that the A12 chip will be manufactured in a 7-nanometer process rather than a 10-nanometer one (and I believe this is a safe assumption to make), it stands to reason that TSMC has won the entirety of the Apple A12 contract.

Additionally, since the 7-nanometer node is expected to be TSMC's leading edge technology until around 2020 (when it rolls out its 5-nanometer technology), Apple will likely build the A13 on TSMC's 7-nanometer technology as well.

And, given that Apple is responsible for a substantial amount of revenue and unit shipments on a given technology node, it would be very hard for TSMC to have "higher than 10-nanometer" share if it weren't the exclusive manufacturer of the A13.

Impacted businesses

For TSMC, this is likely good news for a couple of reasons. First of all, Apple doesn't tend to reduce the sizes of its chips much, instead opting to use the additional chip area that new manufacturing technologies bring to add features/performance. Given that 7-nanometer wafers will almost certainly be more expensive than 10-nanometer wafers (which in turn are likely to be more expensive than 16-nanometer wafers), I expect TSMC's dollar content from the applications processor within future iPhones to continue to move upward.

Beyond that, though, to the extent that Apple's iPhone unit shipments grow, so too should TSMC's revenue from Apple.

The main loser here is Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), which is a competitor to TSMC in contract chip manufacturing. Apple used to be a major anchor customer for Samsung's contract chip manufacturing business, but it would appear that this business is gone in the near-to-medium term -- and potentially for good.

Further, if TSMC's share projections are accurate, Samsung foundry customers like Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) might be planning to jump ship -- in whole, or in part -- to TSMC at the 7-nanometer node.

Fortunately for Samsung, contract chip manufacturing is a very small part of its nearly $40 billion chip business (IC Insights estimated Samsung's contract chip business at less than $3 billion in revenue during 2015), let alone its total business, so losing out to TSMC isn't really a "game changer" for Samsung's business or its stock price.

 Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) Nike+ Watch Arrives October 28 One of the highlights of Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) September iPhone event was the announcement of a new, fitness-focused Apple Watch Series 2 model made in partnership with Nike Inc (NYSE: NKE ).

Source: Nike

The new Apple Watch Nike+ was designed to take on activity trackers and specialized athletic smartwatches, and marked the return to wearables for Nike.

The big question was when the Apple Watch Nike+ would actually be available, and now we have the answer. Apple has updated the product page to show you can order one starting October 28.

Nike Bounces Back from FuelBand

The Nike+ FuelBand was an early entry in the fitness tracker space. The wristband was released in 2012 and connected to an iPhone or Android smartphone to track users  activity stats. Although it quickly sold out when it was first released, the FuelBand ran into stiff competition from the likes of Fitbit Inc (NYSE: FIT ). Nike closed down production in 2014.

There was speculation at that time that Nike and AAPL might be able to work together for future wearables, with the new Apple Watch providing the hardware while Nike designed the software.

That prediction turned out to be spot on.

Apple Watch Nike+

The Apple Watch Nike+ is actually a stock Apple Watch Series 2. It comes with a choice of more aggressively athletic-looking Sport Bands, there are several watch faces that are exclusive to the model and it has a complication for the Nike+ Run Club app. And the Nike logo.

Given the impressive health and fitness cred of the Series 2, however, the Apple Watch Nike+ makes for a compelling sports smartwatch. There is onboard GPS, a full complement of sensors, including heart rate tracking, a bright display for outdoor use and water resistance to 165 feet for swimming.

Fitness trackers remain the hottest category in wearables, but the line between these devices and smartwatches continues to blur. Fitbit has begun releasing new products like the Blaze that look like a smartwatch and offer some smartwatch functionality, like notifications. Apple and other smartwatch makers   recognizing that fitness tracking is the primary reason many people buy a wearable   have been focusing on adding more health and fitness capabilities to their offerings.

One company that figured this trend out early and ran with it is Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ: GRMN ). It s been pushing a line of sports and fitness watches like the Vivoactive and that focus has made it the fifth largest seller of smartwatches.

AAPL is already a player in the fitness smartwatch game with the Apple Watch Sport. However, the Nike logo, Nike+ software integration and aggressive styling of the Apple Watch Nike+ have a good chance of helping the company to gain more ground. It s possible that prominent athletes with Nike endorsement deals may be soon spotted wearing the new smartwatch, which wouldn t just be good for Nike, it would help promote the Apple Watch as well.

It s also worth noting that Nike is a very popular brand in China. Offering a new Apple Watch with the Nike Swoosh on it could well help AAPL to move more units in that country.

The Nike partnership could also pay dividends for Apple on the fashion front. Nike has many fans who buy the brand s clothing and accessories based purely on the looks and the logo. For this demographic, the Apple Watch Nike+ is the wearable that complements their style.

The Apple Watch Nike+ goes on sale Oct. 28, with prices starting at $369.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 
2016-07-18
Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Reportedly Wins Apple Inc. A11 Orders According to Economic Daily News (via DIGITIMES), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has chosen Taiwan-based contract chip manufacturer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (NYSE:TSM) to produce its next-generation iPhone applications processor dubbed the A11. More to the point, Taiwan Semiconductor is said to be the exclusive manufacturer of the A11, meaning that Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is out of the loop yet again.

Implications for Taiwan Semiconductor

It had been widely reported that Apple had chosen Taiwan Semiconductor exclusively for the A10 that will be inside of this year's iPhone 7, something that DIGITIMES reiterated in summarizing the Economic Daily News report. However, it appeared that there was the possibility that the A11 would be split between Samsung and Taiwan Semiconductor, as had been the case with the A9 processor found inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

Taiwan Semiconductor, it would seem, was successful in getting all of Apple's A11 orders.

This actually isn't too surprising in light of comments from TSMC on the company's recent earnings call. Management said that it expected to have "more than 70%" market share at the 10-nanometer node in 2017, something that implied at least majority share of the A11 orders, if not outright exclusivity.

At any rate, if TSMC has won the A11 in its entirety, then the chip manufacturer won't have to worry about tough year-over-year comparisons from late 2017 through late 2018. In fact, since both A10 and A11 are said to be TSMC-exclusive, TSMC should actually benefit during the iPhone 8 cycle as it will have the orders for the chips that go into both the flagship iPhone as well as the discounted prior-generation model.

Implications for Samsung foundry

Samsung managed to grab a lot of headlines earlier this year as it began talking up its own 10-nanometer technology. Although I expect Samsung's foundry to have a fairly large captive customer in the form of Samsung's own chip design teams, I'm not all that optimistic about its chances as a third-party contract logic chip manufacturer going forward.

Apple's choice of TSMC at the 10-nanometer node seems to suggest that TSMC's technology is superior. I say this because there were reports in the past (like this one) claiming that Samsung "attempted to offer low quotes to obtain 14nm FinFET foundry orders from Apple in 2015."

I have little doubt that Samsung would also be willing to offer attractive pricing on 10-nanometer wafers. That said, if the technology doesn't perform as well as Taiwan Semiconductors', or if Samsung's manufacturing yields simply aren't up to snuff (which would diminish the value of lower wafer prices), I'd expect Apple to pass.

Samsung has also signaled that 10-nanometer will be a fairly long node, with multiple iterations. Taiwan Semiconductor, in contrast, has signaled that its 10-nanometer technology will be a short node as it aims to transition to a superior 7-nanometer technology in 2018.

In light of this, I doubt that Samsung will even be in the running for Apple's A12, which I expect to be manufactured on Taiwan Semiconductors' upcoming 7-nanometer technology.

Implications for Apple

It's no secret that Apple tends to like having multiple sources for critical components. With TSMC seemingly so ahead of its main rival, Samsung, Apple is really down to one viable choice to manufacture A-series chips.

Apple's sheer scale should still allow it to get good wafer pricing from TSMC, but its ability to use Samsung as a negotiating tool to gain pricing concessions is likely to diminish substantially in the coming generations. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Files Patent for Augmented Reality 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Files Patent for Augmented Reality



Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Files Patent for Augmented Reality

7-18-2016

"

A computer-implemented method for generating and synchronizing interactive Augmented Reality (AR) displays, comprising: capturing live video of a real-world, physical environment on a touch sensitive surface of a device; combining an information layer and the live video in a display of the device, the information layer related to one or more objects in the live video; displaying computer-generated imagery representing one or more objects in the live video on the touch sensitive surface; overlaying the information layer on the computer-generated imagery; receiving data from one or more onboard motion sensors indicating that the device is in motion; and synchronizing the live video, computer-generated imagery and information layer using the sensor data. " A computer-implemented method for generating and synchronizing interactive Augmented Reality (AR) displays, comprising: capturing live video of a real-world, physical environment on a touch sensitive surface of a device; combining an information layer and the live video in a display of the device, the information layer related to one or more objects in the live video; displaying computer-generated imagery representing one or more objects in the live video on the touch sensitive surface; overlaying the information layer on the computer-generated imagery; receiving data from one or more onboard motion sensors indicating that the device is in motion; and synchronizing the live video, computer-generated imagery and information layer using the sensor data.

"

For example, a car mechanic can hold device 100 over a car engine and an outline identifying parts and providing excerpts from a repair manual or schematics can be displayed in the live video to assist the mechanic in repairing the engine.



For example, a teacher can hold device 100 over a student's exam paper and an outline showing incorrect answers to exam questions can be displayed in the live video to assist the teach in grading the exam paper. " For example, a car mechanic can hold device 100 over a car engine and an outline identifying parts and providing excerpts from a repair manual or schematics can be displayed in the live video to assist the mechanic in repairing the engine.For example, a teacher can hold device 100 over a student's exam paper and an outline showing incorrect answers to exam questions can be displayed in the live video to assist the teach in grading the exam paper.

"

Doctors might also use it to superimpose medical information over a live video of a patient, or a X-ray or MRI could overlay the video so medical professionals could better diagnose an issue. " Doctors might also use it to superimpose medical information over a live video of a patient, or a X-ray or MRI could overlay the video so medical professionals could better diagnose an issue.

Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) has just updated its patent for augmented reality. The company has simplified its prior filing for synchronized, interactive augmented reality displays and the implications are staggering.Apple is a secret company. Unlike Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and many other technology companies, Apple Inc. keeps all of its innovation quite secret for as long as it can before it releases a new product onto the market. CML Pro has reported on a number of these secrets. Apple Inc. is famously building a car under the "Project Titan" umbrella, has filed a patent for a new social media and even has a patent out for a smartphone which is entirely a screen in 360 degrees.July 14th brought another innovation to our attention -- Apple Inc. is getting dead serious about augmented reality.Here's a snippet from the Patent filing before we dig into the meaning of it.So that was a mouthful. Of course, Patent filings are intentionally difficult to understand to obfuscate their intention while at the same time seeking intellectual property protection. Let's see what's really going on. First, a rendering from the Apple Inc. patent -- the coloring was added by CML Pro.So we start with a live recording and then Apple Inc. provides tools to augment that reality in real-time. Before we get too far into the Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) patent, let's understand augmented reality, first.Augmented Reality (AR) technology combines a live view of a real-world, physical environment with computer-generated imagery. For anyone playing Pok mon Go, that's augmented reality.It is one of the revolutionary themes, one of the fundamental shifts coming in the very near future that will change how we live, work, and play and the customer base is all of humanity. We can sit in the same room as a family member 10,000 miles away. Have a meal with anyone we know at any time in any place. We can sit on the 50-yard line at the Super Bowl. We can sit front row at the State of the Union. We can visit Mars, be an airplane pilot, and go to an African Safari.Further yet, we can treat anxiety disorders, phobias, even expand the reach of education and further children's imaginations, even adult imagination. Not to get crass, but even sexual encounters will be possible from anywhere at any time. Touch, the physical sense, is now possible. Here's a little image from MIT:Virtual and Augmented Reality technology is moving so fast, that when we're with someone miles away in a VR experience, it doesn't look like a video game or animated rendering, it's real. If you've never experienced it -- go to a demonstration and feel the enormity of these realties within 15 seconds. It's that powerful and it's that obvious, that quickly.Now, let's cover what Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is doing.Here's an opening image from Apple Inc., again, CML Pro has annotated the image.The technology Apple Inc. is inventing will allow an user to create a 3-dimensional map of an area, in real time, which is then overlaid with information that augments their reality. But it's not just video games that Apple is after.Here's a snippet from the patent filing and then a rendering Apple included in the filing.And then Apple Inc. goes yet further, with split screen computer-generated Imagery.In English, what Apple has patented is a system where a recording of a live video circuit board can be "layered" with an user's own annotations and through that process create a 3D perspective view of live combined with the annotation layer.The car mechanic and grade school teacher are good examples, but it goes further. Apple dove head first into medical applications for the Apple Watch, this technology goes yet further. IBD writes:Here's a really helpful image of the steps the technology walks throughWe note one critical element here that is also in several other of the renderings. Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) has explicitly, several times, noted the ability to "share." Apple does have a patent filing out for a new social media which, unlike Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and the rest, actually involves real world interactions. That is, social in the truest sense of the word, not a friend-voyeurism, but actual interactions.Per that patent filing, every Apple iPhone owner would automatically be a part of the social media. With the augmented reality filing here, it seems quite apparent that this technology would sit on a smartphone, create a "new world" in real time with video and then allow people to share those augmented realities with whomever they like.This is a patent filing, and it's really early, and Apple Inc. files a ton of patents that never amount to anything, but fiends, this seems fantastical, but more than that, it's a reminder. Apple Inc. doesn't do what Elon Musk does. Apple is quiet. Apple is humble. But when Apple Inc. releases a product, it has had a myriad of innovations and inventors tied to it working tirelessly in secret to make it perfect.Just because Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) isn't a part of the common vernacular for social media, self-driving cars and virtual and augmented reality, that doesn't mean the company isn't coming with its own products, it means the company has no interest in helping the competition get ready for it. Earnings Preview: Credit Suisse Bullish On Tech Giants Apple Inc. (AAPL) and ... Credit Suisse analysts are bullish on tech giants Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ahead of earnings for both. Each analyst predicts long-term growth for each despite recent near-term challenges. Let s take a closer look.

Apple Inc.

Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha foresees tangible fortune ahead for Apple, as the company is scheduled to report earnings on July 26th.

Apple is approximately 10 weeks away from its latest iPhone release, and the stock has historically outperformed the market leading up to iPhone releases.

Garcha cites high retention rates as a leading factor behind his bullish stance on Apple. The analyst finds that  the iPhone SE strength should offset the weakness in the rest of the iPhone portfolio.  Even with a  subdued iPhone cycle for the new few quarters,  Garcha believes  the iPhone business will recover  and then accelerate, predicting  installed base growth, which has grown 80% since 2013, should drive unit growth beginning with the iPhone 7. 

Garcia predicts  modest recovery in iPhone volume in 2017,  pointing to inflated street estimates for the December quarter, sticking to a prediction for a   super-cycle  in 2018. 

The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating for AAPL with a price target of $150.00.

According to TipRanks, Kulbinder Garcha is ranked #336 of 4,060 analysts. He maintains a success rate of 55% on his recommendations and realizes an annual return of 7.3%. When rating AAPL, Garcha maintains a success rate of 47% with an average profit of 8.2%.

TipRanks analytics exhibits AAPL as a Strong Buy with 85% of analysts issuing a Buy rating for the stock, 13% maintaining a Hold rating, and the remaining 2% upholding a Sell rating for shares of AAPL. The consensus target price for AAPL is $123.88, marking a 25% upside from current prices.

Alphabet Inc

Consider this a fantastic time to be an Alphabet Inc investor, as in the eyes of analyst Stephen Ju, Google s second-quarter is set to hand over some advantageous, solid returns. The analyst reiterates his Outperform rating for the stock with a price target of $920.00.

In the climate of Brexit s aftermath, investors remain cautious and guarded; just bracing themselves for whatever bleak upshot awaits. However, Ju believes Brexit-tinted expectations are precisely why this is a green-lit opportunity to buy or supplement stock; the analyst does not expect second quarter to be as shaky as investors fear.

Ju touches on three key factors contributing to his perspective on GOOGL. First, he notes that the monetization gap of mobile and desktop in international markets is continually decreasing, which is further supported by predicted increases in mobile CPCs. Second, the analyst highlights a  larger-than-expected contribution from Google s larger non-search businesses,  such as YouTube and Play. Finally, Ju estimates an increase in shareholder value due to the company s other bets.

According to TipRanks, Stephen Ju is ranked #52 of 4,060 analysts. Ju maintains a success rate of 69% on his recommendations and realizes an average return of 15%. When rating GOOGL, the analyst upholds a success rate of 64% with an average profit of 14%.

GOOGL is rated as a Strong Buy on TipRanks. Currently, all the analysts issue a Buy rating for the stock. The consensus price target for GOOGL is $912.00, marking a 24% upside from current share prices. 
2016-09-12
How Apple Inc. Could Spend Its Cash Hoard Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) finished last quarter with $18 billion in domestic cash and equivalents, and another $215 billion stashed overseas. The massive cash hoard has recently raised major questions about repatriation and taxation, but the biggest question of all is how Apple plans to spend all that cash.

With sales of iPhones, iPads, and Macs fading, Apple must expand its subscription services, strengthen its software ecosystem, and expand into new markets. In that light, let's discuss how Apple could spend its cash hoard over the next few years.

Media growth

With the purchase of Beats and the launch of Apple Music, Apple declared that it wanted to turn subscription-based media services into a key pillar of growth. Apple was reportedly developing a "skinny bundle" of 25 streaming TV channels last year, but the efforts were allegedly bogged down by Comcast withholding its channels for its own X1 set-top box.

That delay fueled rumors that Apple was making big media acquisitions to strengthen its own portfolio. Apple's senior VP of software and services, Eddy Cue, reportedly proposed buying Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) earlier this year, while rumors swirled about a Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) buyout.

However, neither of those deals would make much sense. Buying Time Warner, which has a massive enterprise value of $83 billion, would reduce Apple's margins and give it all of Time Warner's cord-cutting woes. More importantly, Apple already integrated Time Warner's most promising platform, HBO Now, into iTunes and Siri.

Netflix is struggling with user growth, and content licensing and original programming costs are weighing down its bottom line. The company's enterprise value of $43 billion prices the company at nearly 6 times sales -- which is much pricier than Time Warner's EV-to-sales ratio of 3. After factoring in acquisition premiums, Apple could easily pay over $100 billion for each of these companies.

Instead, Apple should buy smaller players such as Lions Gate (NYSE:LGF-A), the movie and TV studio that recently agreed to acquire pay TV network Starz. Its enterprise value of $4.4 billion (less than 2 times sales) is much more affordable, and the acquisition would add a lot more video content to Apple's portfolio. Streaming leader Pandora (NYSE:P), with an enterprise value of $3.3 billion, would also be a logical fit for Apple Music.

Betting on Project Titan

Apple has never acknowledged Project Titan's existence, but it's widely believed that the secretive team is developing a self-driving electric car. This has sparked ongoing rumors that Apple might buy electric-auto maker Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA).

While it's easy to see the parallels between Apple's and Tesla's sleek and pricey products, Tesla's enterprise value of $30 billion -- which values the company at nearly 7 times sales -- simply looks too high. Moreover, Tesla's negative margins and its decision to bail out SolarCity indicate that the purchase would crush Apple's margins.

Instead of buying entire companies, Apple could follow up its $1 billion investment in Chinese ride-hailing app Didi Chuxing with additional investments in smaller companies in the ride-sharing and autonomous-vehicle markets. There are plenty of companies to choose from -- over 4,500 automotive start-ups are listed on AngelList, with an average valuation of $4.5 million.

Expanding its cloud

Apple currently depends on Alphabet's Google, Amazon.com, and Microsoft for its cloud computing needs. That dependence will become awkward as Apple competes more directly against these peers with its own software ecosystem, so it's been building its own cloud centers.

However, Amir Efrati and Steve Nellis at The Information claimed that it could take "years" for Apple to declare cloud independence. Therefore, it makes sense for Apple to buy smaller cloud and enterprise players to close the gap.

Last December, FBR & Co. analyst Daniel Ives suggested that Apple could buy Box (NYSE:BOX) and Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE). Buying Box, which has an enterprise value of $1.7 billion, would strengthen its iCloud platform. Acquiring Adobe, which has a much higher enterprise value of $48 billion, would expand its subscription services segment with cloud-based creative and enterprise tools. But neither company is cheap -- Box and Adobe respectively trade at 5 and 9 times their enterprise values.

Virtual and augmented reality

Apple recently acquired AR/VR firms Metaio, Faceshift, Emotient, and Flyby Media, indicating that it's developing an AR of VR headset. A Financial Times report claimed that Apple's AR/VR team has already developed prototype headsets, but it's unclear when they might arrive.

There are currently 665 AR companies with an average valuation of $4.2 million on AngelList, as well as nearly 900 VR companies with an average valuation of $4.6 million. Apple could scoop up more of these start-ups to expand its footprint across both fledgling markets.

The key takeaway

Apple will keep returning cash to shareholders via buybacks and dividends over the next few years, but investors should keep a closer eye on its investments and acquisitions. These moves will provide a clearer picture of how Apple plans to reduce its long-term dependence on the almighty iPhone. Apple, Inc. Has Now Amassed Nearly $80 Billion in Debt That was fast. It's only been about three years since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) started actively issuing bonds in order to fund its aggressive share repurchase program. The strategy has always been to use bond offerings to bolster its domestic cash position, allowing it to keep the majority of its money mountain abroad and avoid repatriation taxes. In that short amount of time, the Mac maker has since accumulated approximately $80 billion in debt, which is greater than the market caps of many companies.

At the end of last quarter, Apple had $72.4 billion in total long-term debt (including current and non-current). It then sold $7 billion worth of paper at the end of July, bringing the total to nearly $80 billion. Note that this total does not include commercial paper, which Apple started selling in 2014. Apple currently has $12.5 billion of commercial paper outstanding in addition to long-term debt.

Enough is enough?

The debt strategy has been quite successful thus far. Apple has been able to fund its highly accretive share repurchase program without needing to bring foreign cash home, of which there was $215 billion at the end of last quarter. Meanwhile, the interest and dividend income from Apple's broader investment portfolio actually covers the interest payments and more than services the debt, so there is no net cost to Apple.

Metric Amount (MRQ) Interest and dividend income $1.03 billion Interest expense $409 million Net interest income $627 million

But still, there is some limit where enough is enough. Apple can't just continue issuing debt ad nauseam, even if its consolidated net cash position is still $159 billion. There are signs that Tim Cook is aware of this.

In a recent radio interview, Cook mentioned that Apple does expect to repatriate billions of dollars as early as next year. While the CEO didn't disclose an exact amount, he said that Apple has "provisioned several billion dollars" for taxes, which suggests that the Mac maker will be bringing home quite a bit considering the current repatriation rate of 35%. Apple has lobbied hard to get Congress to lower that rate, arguing that the U.S. would benefit from many companies repatriating cash and investing it domestically.

It's quite telling that Apple is sharing its plans to repatriate a bunch of money, warning investors to brace themselves for a hefty tax bill. It's also possible that the EU's recent decision that Apple owes $14.5 billion in back taxes related to its Irish tax breaks (which Apple is appealing) calls into question the viability of the company's international tax-minimization strategies.

You know that Apple wouldn't voluntarily choose to pay those taxes unless it absolutely had to, which implies that it feels that its debt load is approaching some comfort limit. Will Apple Inc.'s A10X Catch Up to Intel Corporation's Top Mobile Chip? If there's one company in the industry that seems to be able to challenge Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) in terms of mobile processors, it's Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). The latter has been making significant strides in its mobile processor technology, which allowed it to come within striking distance of Intel's best ultra-low-power processors with its A9X chip.

Indeed, according to Geekbench 4 -- a new performance test that allows for cross-platform comparisons of processor capabilities -- the A9X chip inside the iPad Pro manages to score 3011 points in the single-core test and 4882 in the multi-core test.

The top score that I could find for Intel's best 4.5-watt Core m processor, the Core m 6Y75, is a single-core score of 3677 and a multi-core score of 6983.

Based on these results, Intel's chip is solidly in the lead, and Intel has a new chip for this segment based on its new Kaby Lake architecture out. However, based on the performance results of Apple's new A10 Fusion chip inside the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, the competition between Intel and Apple for mobile processor performance superiority is sure to heat up.

Trying to predict the future

The highest A10 Fusion score I could find in the Geekbench 4 data base is 3501 on a single core and 5631 when both cores are active. This means that, at least in Geekbench 4, the A10 Fusion has roughly the same single-core processor performance as Intel's top sixth-generation Core m processor.

Intel's chip still has a lead-in multi-core, though, probably because Intel's core implements a feature known as Simultaneous Multi-Threading, which allows for better utilization of a core's resources in applications that can take advantage of multiple cores.

However, the A10 Fusion to Core m 6Y75 comparison isn't that interesting. What will be much more interesting is the comparison of the upcoming A10X (Fusion?) that will be used in Apple's 2017 iPad lineup with Intel's recently announced 4.5-watt Core i7-7Y75, the direct replacement for the Core m 6Y75.

With the A10X, Apple will enjoy an expanded power budget and is expected to migrate to a new 10-nanometer manufacturing technology from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM). These factors combined should allow Apple to crank up the processor performance inside its next-generation tablet processor.

The Core i7-7Y75 from Intel is manufactured on Intel's revised 14-nanometer+ process, which allows the company to dial up the maximum single-core turbo on the chip from 3.1GHz on the 6Y75 to 3.6GHz on the 7Y75, a 16% improvement.

If performance on the 7Y75 scales linearly with frequency in the Geekbench 4 test, we should see a single-core score of roughly 4265 and a multi-core score of about 8100.

Moving to the A10X, let's assume that the delta between the A10 and A10X is roughly the same as the delta between the A9 and A9X. The A9X's single core score was about 21% better than the A9's and the multi-core score was about 17% better.

In that case, our hypothetical A10X should get a single-core score of 4236 and a multi-core score of 6588.27. In tasks that use just a single core, the A10X should be roughly even with the Core i7-7Y75 and behind it in tasks that use multiple cores.

Apple is really close to Intel

It's clear that in terms of per-core performance in ultra-mobile power envelopes, Apple and Intel are essentially within spitting distance of each other. This isn't a knock on Intel, but rather a demonstration of just how good Apple's processor core development team is.

In multi-core performance, Intel should still enjoy a lead. However, I wouldn't be surprised to see Apple's engineers implement simultaneous multithreading in a future processor core -- perhaps in the A11/A11X -- to try to close the multi-core gap with Intel.

In this case, Apple could market future iPads as having similar performance to its future top-end thin-and-light MacBooks -- an exciting prospect for iPad users, but perhaps an uncomfortable one for Intel. Apple, Inc.'s Car Strategy Continues to Look Very Un-Apple-Like Last week, The New York Times reported that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was "rethinking" its ambitious car project, known as Project Titan. The Mac maker has been working on automotive technologies for the better part of two years, and the project has been turbulent from the get-go.

The company has now laid off "dozens" of employees, according to the report, as Apple shifts the direction of the rumored Apple Car. Bob Mansfield, who was previously Apple's long-standing hardware engineering chief, has been coaxed out of retirement to oversee Project Titan.

More importantly, Apple is seemingly shifting its focus away from the design and production of a car and instead emphasizing autonomous vehicle technology. In other words, Apple is less interested in the hardware, and betting big on the software. This comes just a couple months after Bloomberg reported a similar strategic shift.

Apple will get back to the hardware...eventually

The odd part about this supposed shift in Project Titan's direction is that it's very un-Apple. Developing hardware and software that are deeply integrated together has always been Apple's strategy in just about every product that it makes. The company rarely ever develops software for someone else's hardware, so it wouldn't make sense for Apple to drop its hardware ambitions altogether.

In contrast, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ambitions are quite transparent and in line with its long-standing strengths in software and services. The company's presumed market strategy is also fairly obvious: Alphabet would develop the autonomous driving technology and then seek to license it out to automakers and probably attempt to create some type of platform for other services.

While Apple may be focusing most of its development efforts on the software, there should be little doubt that the company would still be deeply interested in the hardware. Not only would it be a design challenge for chief design officer Jony Ive, but the opportunity for Apple to enter the auto market still must be predicated on Apple actually manufacturing the car (either by itself or via contract manufacturers).

But manufacturing cars in volume is also an incredible challenge. Apple has plenty of resources that it can allocate toward this capital-destroying business. In fact, Apple's capital expenditures are already greater than what many automakers spend on capital investments. Apple shouldn't underestimate how difficult the production side will be, so it should still be very much focused on both hardware and software together. Unless, of course, it has decided to adopt a contract manufacturing model: Apple was rumored to have approached contract auto manufacturer Magna Steyr.

Investors still have many years before Apple will directly acknowledge its auto ambitions, so the recent focus on self-driving software will probably be relatively short-lived. Eventually, Apple will have to get back to working on the hardware. Apple: 6 Reasons For Optimism  The Downside of Apple, Inc.'s 32 GB iPhones People have been asking Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to kill off 16 GB iPhones for years, arguing that such a paltry amount of storage was insultingly low. The critics are right on that front, but Apple was able to fend off the backlash for quite a while. Last year's iPhone 6s started at 16 GB, but this year Apple has given in to consumer pressure and doubled all storage capacities, with the entry-level model now starting at 32 GB.

The thing is that investors should have appreciated the stubbornness, particularly after Apple introduced a new pricing structure in 2014 that strongly encouraged upsells. In 2014, mid-tier storage quadrupled to 64 GB for an extra $100. Combined with the introduction of the larger Plus models, the net result was a strong lift in iPhone average selling prices (ASPs) over the next two years.

What happens now that the 16 GB model is dead?

Possibly less storage upgrades

It's long been obvious that 16 GB of storage really is insufficient for the vast majority of modern smartphone users. Apple defended itself by pointing to increased adoption of cloud storage and services, but that defense doesn't hold much water once you add 4K video recording to the device. The real question is whether or not 32 GB is actually sufficient for people's needs, in which case the mid-tier upsell (which is now 128 GB) is less compelling. Quadrupling storage for $100 is still appealing, but less necessary than before. Simply put, the upsell used to be a no-brainer, but now the customer actually has a decision to make.

To be clear, there are definitely some potential mitigating factors that could offset any lower uptake in storage upgrades. Fellow Fool contributor Ashraf Eassa points to the fact that the iPhone 7 Plus models are getting a strong differentiating selling point in the dual-camera system, combined with the modest $20 price increase relative to prior Plus models. On top of that, the new jet black color that Apple touted at length in the unveiling presentation is exclusive to the 128 GB and 256 GB variants.

iPhone ASPs did post a notable sequential decline last quarter to $595, down from $642 in the first quarter, but this was driven primarily by the recent introduction of the iPhone SE. That entry-level 4-inch device starts at just $400 while including pretty competitive internal specs.

For what it's worth, Apple expects ASPs to recover this quarter as the 7 and 7 Plus launch, but we'll have to wait to see by how much. 
2016-06-22
Analysts Bullish on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Nike Inc (NKE) Ahead of Upcoming ... With quarterly reports being released soon, two of the most recognized brand name stocks Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE) are facing pressing challenges. Below, analysts discuss the slowdown in sales of Apple products and the increased competition that Nike is experiencing.

Apple Inc.

Analyst Jeff Kvaal of Nomura Group expressed his long-term views on Apple in the midst of a fiscal year where Apple may not reach expectations. The analyst explains that the technology giant will face several challenges in the remainder of 2016 but will bounce back thereafter.

The analyst cites his opinion that expectations for F4Q sales are too optimistic and over the next two quarters demand for Apple products, outside of the iPhone SE, will slip. The analyst feels the iPhone SE has cannibalized Apple s other products, especially the iPhone 6s, due to a record low upgrade rate and SE sales exceeding 2016 expectations by 10-20 million units. Kvaal stresses that SE sales will continue to show growth as it begins to reach  its intended first-time buyer market in China.  Apple is benefiting from a more efficient production process of iPhone SEs and has gotten lead times down to 4-8 days in the US and 3-5 days in China. The analyst expects  Apple to bring [SE] supply back into line with demand near the end of June. 

Kvaal anticipates a strong first quarter next year that will offset his expectations for low sales in F3Q and F4Q. He expects Apple to easily reach his sales estimate of 75 million phones in the first quarter with the replacement rate expected to recover to 8% and AT&T rolling out a new promotional schedule for the 4Q. Additionally, the analyst feels Apple will be able to hold its  90% retention rate, grow the iOS base, and ultimately restore unit growth  due to new features that are improving the user experience across devices.

In spite of the Kvaal s expectation of a difficult end to Apple s fiscal year, he has a positive view for 2017 and therefore maintains his Buy rating on Apple with a price target of $120, marking a 26% increase from current levels.

According to TipRanks, Jeff Kvaal has a success rate of 52% and an average return of 9.3% per recommendation.

Out of the 38 analysts on TipRanks, who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 84% gave a Buy rating, 13% gave a Hold rating and 3% gave a Sell rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $123.97, marking a 29.26% upside from current levels.

Nike Inc

Merrill Lynch analyst Robert Ohmes expressed his uncertainties regarding Nike prior to the release of its F4Q16 earnings next week, scheduled for June 28 after market close. The analyst points to increasing competition as Nike s biggest risk for growth.

The analyst expects Nike to report F4Q16E EPS of $0.48, revenue growth of 6.0%, and a 30bps decline in EBIT margins thanks to strong momentum in casual footwear, increased distribution in department stores, and increased trends in Europe and China. However, he warns that this momentum may be partially outweighed by increasing competition in North America. The continuing rise of Under Armour and the reemergence of Adidas has caused Nike to lose footwear market share in North America for the first time in 6 years. Additionally, Nike now has to compete with Under Armour and Adidas for endorsements and key industry talent more than ever before. Looking forward, Ohmes predicts that Nike will maintain its F2017 outlook with  high-single digit revenue and low-teens EPS growth. 

Sell-through rates for Nike s technical platforms of Free, Lunar, Air Max and basketball shoes have been decreasing as the market taste is turning to cheaper casual and retro styles. This shift comes with the risk of losing market share to non-technical styles from other brands. Ohmes feels that this slow down in sell-through rates is forcing Nike to accelerate  its inventory clearance through aggressive product returns from retailers  and thus pushing down futures and revenue growth.

The analyst expects international FX headwinds to decelerate after the Summer Olympics and EuroCup shipping windows as  comparisons turn tougher in key markets and Nike laps the implementation of category offense in Western Europe and an extremely successful market reset in China. 

Ohmes maintain his Neutral rating on Nike with a price objective of $60, marking an increase of 9.5% from current levels.

According to TipRanks, Robert Ohmes has a 48% success rate and an average return of 1.6% per recommendation.

Out of the 17 analysts on TipRanks, who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 71% gave a Buy rating and 29% gave a Neutral rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $68.25, marking a 24.61% upside from current levels. Apple consummates issuance, sale of $1.4 bln aggregate principal amount of 4.15% notes due 2046  
2016-06-02
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Cheap Because It Is Falling Behind On Innovation? Recently, this blog has focused on two aspects of the investment Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) story. One is that by any reasonable standard the stock is extraordinarily cheap. The other is that the Apple policy of tight secrecy followed by grand announcements is harming the company. Going forward the two may become more closely related than I appreciated heretofore.

Apple   why the secrecy?

In the days when the most rapid innovation in consumer electronics involved fundamentally new hardware, the Apple secrecy policy made more sense. Develop a new hardware product in secret (iPod, iPhone and iPad) and then announce it to great fanfare. While I still suspect that Apple may have succeeded in spite of this policy, not because of it, those days are over. Looking ahead, it is hard not to believe that future innovation will in software more than hardware. The fundamental issue is this. Computers keep getting faster and smarter, but humans remain humans. We keep bumbling along the way we always have except now we are asking computers to help us with our bumbling. Future value creators will be firms the can harness artificial intelligence (AI) to help us bumble more effectively. But the process of developing such AI is almost sure to be an interactive one. Companies come up with initial products. Customers interact with the products and complain. Companies upgrade the product in response to which customers develop new complaints and so on ad infinitum. The point is that to be successful AI developers will need constant feedback from their customers who become, in effect, part of the development team. Keeping customers in the dark until some secret project makes a grand entrance is not going to work in this space.

From an investment perspective, I fear that Apple has not embraced this new landscape as completely as competitors including Google, Amazon, Facebook and even Microsoft. If so, there may be a good reason why Apple s stock is so cheap. If future AI turns out to be the driver of future devices sales, Apple better get on board quickly and invite its customers onto the ship as well. As I have said in the past, Apple s integrated combination of hardware and software gives it a leg up in solving future problems for its customers, but it will have to innovate aggressively in the AI space to take advantage of that. The key investment question is whether Apple will do so. Goldman cuts Apple estimates, price target  
2016-10-26
Apple, Inc. Earnings: Revenue Is Down, but Growth Is Ahead As expected, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported declining revenue for its September-ended fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 as the company's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus continued to face-off against monstrous iPhone 6 and 6 Plus-driven growth in 2015. But the quarter's results also included a few bright spots, including management's optimistic guidance for the tech giant's important holiday quarter.

Here's a look at the report.

Financial results

Metric Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Change (YOY) Q4 2016 Consensus Analyst Estimate Revenue $46.9 billion $51.5 billion (8.9%) $46.9 billion EPS $1.67 $1.96 (15.8%) $1.65

Overall, Apple's results were about in line with expectations. Revenue and EPS of $46.9 billion and $1.67, respectively, were about in line with analyst expectations for the two key metrics. Further, revenue was within Apple's guidance range for fourth-quarter revenue of $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion.

Apple's gross profit margin was 38%. While the important metric was at the high end of Apple's guidance range for the quarter of 37.5% to 38%, it's notably down from a heady gross profit margin of 39.9% in the year-ago quarter.

The results continued to highlight Apple's ability to generate boatloads of cash, which the company has continued to tap into for dividend payments and share repurchases.

"We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter," said Apple CFO Luca Maestri in Apple's fourth-quarter press release. "We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return program."

Key takeaways

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus see a promising start: While sales of the newest iPhones were likely limited during the quarter since they were released within only a few weeks of the quarter left and since shipments were supply constrained, demand for the device is apparently high enough to impress management. Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company was "thrilled with the customer response" to the new iPhones.

Services revenue growth accelerated: One of the more optimistic takeaways from Apple's fourth-quarter earnings release was the exceptional growth in its services segment. Services revenue was up 24% year over year and set another all-time record. This "incredible momentum," as Cook referred to it, highlights faster growth than the 19% year-over-year revenue increase for the segment in the prior quarter.

iPhone revenue was down: Apple's iPhone revenue, which accounted for about 60% of fourth-quarter revenue, was down 13% year over year. On the bright side, however, the year-over-year decline was an improvement compared to the second- and third-quarter iPhone declines of 18% and 23%, respectively.

Apple forecast first-quarter revenue growth: For its fiscal first quarter of 2017, or Apple's important holiday quarter, management said it expected revenue to be between $76 billion and $78 billion. This range is slightly above Apple's revenue of $75.9 billion in its first fiscal quarter of 2016.

At the time of this writing, Apple stock is trading about 2.8% lower during after-market hours on Tuesday. However, shares are up about 17.5% during the past three months. Should Investors Worry About Apple, Inc.'s Soaring R&D Expenses? One of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) greatest strengths has always been its financial discipline when it comes to research and development expenditures. The Mac maker's R&D investments were so efficient that it was spending a very small percentage of revenue on R&D, while new products drove incredible revenue growth. It used to be common for R&D to be between 2% and 3% of sales (at times even under 2%), while peers would spend double-digit percentages of revenue on R&D.

What we've seen in recent years is a precipitous rise in Apple's R&D budget as a percentage of sales.

At least one Street analyst is a little worried.

But not too worried

On the earnings call, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty asked CEO Tim Cook about the divergence of R&D growth and revenue growth:

Huberty: That's great color. Thank you for that. A follow-up for Tim. What should we read into the fact that R&D has more than doubled over the past three years while sales growth was sort of a fifth of that? Are R&D investments just less efficient than they were in the company's history, or should we think about that as incremental spend for products that haven't yet come to market? Cook: There's clearly some amount of R&D that are on products that today are in the development phase that have not reached the market, and so that's a part of it. And we feel really great about the things that we've got. We've also put a lot of emphasis on our services business as well and on making the ecosystem even better. And so we're very much, we're confidently investing in the future, and that's the reason you see the R&D spend increasing.

Cook's answer is an expected one, as Apple is naturally investing heavily in various areas that it won't talk about quite yet, such as augmented reality/virtual reality, autonomous cars, and more. For reference, here's a chart of the two growth rates that Huberty is looking at.

When it comes down to it, the real issue isn't whether or not R&D growth outpaces sales growth. Those percentages without the context of absolute values don't paint the full picture. Huberty is right to pay attention to an important trend, since Apple spent a cool $10 billion on R&D last fiscal year, of which $1.9 billion was stock-based compensation.

The real question will be whether or not any of the products in Apple's pipeline can generate meaningful revenue growth in the future. And keep in mind that Apple's revenue base is so enormous at this point ($215 billion) that every basis point of growth helps. Apple Inc.'s Apple Pay Volume Skyrockets 500% (AAPL) One of the (few) bright spots in Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) latest quarterly earnings report was Apple Pay.

Source: Apple

Transaction volume for Apple s mobile payment solution were up a whopping 500% year-over-year. On the earnings call, CEO Tim Cook announced that the number of Apple Pay transactions in September alone exceeded the volume for all of 2015.

That s good news. But better still is that Apple Pay could have a whole lot more runway left.

Mobile Payments Are Gaining Acceptance. Apple Pay Is Gaining Ground.

Go back several years, and mobile payments were a mess. Technology companies, cellular providers, financial institutions, credit card companies and retailers were all pushing the idea. But the landscape was littered with competing solutions, retailers were balking at the cost of installing terminals and confused consumers were avoiding the technology.

In 2012, despite the growing number of competing services, U.S. consumers spent only $500 million using mobile payments systems. And almost all of those transactions took place at Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX ), using that company s own mobile payment app.

With the launch of Apple Pay in late 2014, along with competing services like Samsung s (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ) Samsung Pay and Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Android Pay, mobile payments began to take off. In-store mobile payments tripled in volume in 2015 compared to the previous year, and are on track for a record 2016. Business Insider is predicting U.S. in-store mobile payment transactions will hit $75 billion this year, reaching $503 billion by 2020.

AAPL has taken a lead in the U.S. with mobile payments. In June, Fortune reported Apple Pay accounts for three-fourths of all U.S. contactless payments.

How Profitable is Apple Pay?

AAPL collects a 0.15% transaction fee for every purchase made using Apple Pay. That works out to just 15 cents on every $100 spent. That seems trivial compared to the $400 or so in profit the company reaps from the sales of every iPhone 7. However, when you look at the big picture   the huge potential for mobile payments worldwide   the numbers can add up quickly.

That $503 billion in U.S in-store payments in 2020 would represent more than $750 million in fees for AAPL if Apple Pay were used.

Next Page Report: Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. to Be Only Manufacturer of Apple ... Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone is among the world's most popular smartphones. The company shipped more than 231 million iPhones during its fiscal year 2015, and it is on track to ship more than 200 million iPhones in its fiscal year 2016.

This immense scale means that investors are very interested in which companies ultimately win contracts to supply key components into Apple's iPhones -- and rightfully so.

One such component is Apple's internally designed A-series processors that power the iPhone. Although Apple does the heavy lifting to design these chips, the company relies on third-party chip manufacturers to take those designs and bring them to life.

For many generations, Apple relied exclusively on Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) to manufacture its processors. However, in 2014, Apple chose to tap Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) to build the A8 chip that powered the highly successful iPhone 6 series of phones.

The follow-on A9 processor was dual-sourced from both Samsung and TSMC, with reports suggesting that Samsung had won most of the orders. This year's A10 Fusion processor is believed to be manufactured exclusively by TSMC.

Per DigiTimes, Apple's next-generation processor, which is likely to be called the A11 Fusion, will be manufactured only by TSMC.

TSMC is the logical choice for A11

It doesn't come as a big surprise that Apple is planning to build all the A11 Fusion chips at TSMC. TSMC's own public commentary around its expected market share during the 10-nanometer generation strongly hinted at this.

Nevertheless, having more confirmation is never a bad thing.

To be perfectly blunt, all indications point to TSMC's having a stronger offering with its own 10-nanometer technology than what Samsung will have available at the time.

TSMC's technology should offer better chip area density, which means that Apple can cram more features and functionality into a given chip area than it could on the Samsung technology.

Furthermore, given TSMC's track record here, I would expect its 10-nanometer technology to offer superior performance, ultimately allowing Apple to deliver the same performance at lower power or more performance in the same power envelope as an equivalent, Samsung-built part.

And finally, I have more confidence in TSMC's ability to achieve good manufacturing yields (this impacts cost and supply) on its 10-nanometer technology in time for the iPhone 8 ramp than I do in Samsung's.

TSMC's iPhone share should surge in 2017

During the current iPhone cycle, TSMC should have the majority share of Apple's A-series business since it has 100% of the A10 orders and a minority allocation of the A9 orders (some reports have pegged TSMC's share of the A9 at 30%).

However, there's clearly room for TSMC to grow its share since Samsung is likely still supplying a good portion of the A9 chips that currently power the low-cost iPhone SE and the mid-range iPhone 6s-series phones.

If TSMC has won 100% of the A11 orders, then it could achieve 100% share of Apple's application processor orders, since the A10-powered iPhone 7-series phones would become Apple's mid-range offering, and the iPhone SE will probably get an update in 2017, as well.

Additional iPhone applications' processor share would ultimately translate into higher revenues and profits for TSMC -- always a good thing for stockholders. Earnings' Final Cut: What Top Analysts Have To Say About Apple Inc. (AAPL) and ... Two of Wall Street s best analysts are stirring the earnings pot with their insights on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Pandora Media Inc (NYSE:P) after the former delivered its fiscal fourth quarter print, and the latter posted its third quarter financial report yesterday night. Why does Munster remain a buyer on Apple shares despite negative investor sentiment in pre-market trading today? Why does Mahaney find himself  incrementally more cautious  on Pandora? Let s dive in:

Apple Inc.

Apple shares are falling nearly 3% today on back of its fiscal results for the tech titan s fourth quarter delivered last night, which indicate a waning in strength compared to results this quarter last year. Yet, top analyst Gene Munster at Piper Jaffray maintains his bullish perspective on the titan, believing that whether the iPhone 8 generates a  super cycle  or the iPhone simply grows in a steady mid-single digit range,  both roads lead to a higher AAPL.  Munster notes that this was a  chief concern  last year, and he remains undeterred in his confidence.

Therefore, the analyst reiterates an Overweight rating on shares of AAPL while raising the price target from $151 to $155, which represents a 35% increase from current levels.

For its fiscal fourth quarter, AAPL brought in $46.9 billion in revenue and $9 billion in net income at $1.67 per diluted share, comes up short when compared to the company s results this time last year at $51.5 billion in revenue, $11.1 billion in net income at $1.96 per diluted share. Meanwhile, AAPL s gross margin was 38%, a decline from last year s fiscal fourth quarter at $39.9%.

However, earnings per share of $1.67 mirrors the analyst s projection and did beat consensus of $1.66, along with 45.5 million iPhone units sold topping the Street s projection of $45 million. AAPL s quarterly revenue underperformed the Street s $47 billion, but did outclass Munster s estimate of $46,852 billion.

Additionally, Apple management guided revenue for its fiscal first quarter of 2017 to a range of $76 billion to $78 billion, another consensus beat, as well as gross margin between 38% and 38.5, and operating expenses between $6.9 billion and $7 billion. In turn, Munster had modeled guidance of $77,812 billion for AAPL s fiscal first quarter of 2017.

The analyst asserts,  We remain buyers on AAPL based on our belief that the iPhone will return to and stay in mid to high single digit growth for the foreseeable future (2 years). Shares of AAPL are down 3% in the aftermarket given a pre-earnings increase in investor expectations around Dec-16 guidance. 

Overall,  Outside of those expectations, the Apple story is on track, in our view. Revenue guidance would have been slightly better if not for supply constraints on the iPhone 7 Plus that may last into the Mar-17 quarter. What s important about the Sep-16 quarter/Dec-16 guide is the Apple franchise appears intact. While we were previously talking about a super cycle around the iPhone 10th anniversary next year, we now expect reported iPhone unit growth will be more steady in the 5-13% range over the next 7 quarters and note either road should result in stock appreciation,  Munster concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Gene Munster has achieved a high ranking of #5 out of 4,197 analysts. Munster upholds a 68% success rate and realizes 18.3% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Munster yields 11.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 35 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 29 rate a Buy on AAPL, 5 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $128.19, marking an 8% upside from where the shares last closed.

Pandora Media Inc

Pandora shares are toppling 8% today after what top analyst Mark Mahaney at RBC Capital deems a  very off-key quarter  was posted yesterday, with general misses across the board for the music streaming service. As such, the analyst reiterates a Sector Perform rating on P while raising the price target from $13 to $14, which represents a nearly 26% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

The analyst notes,  Similar to Q2, P posted a Miss & Lower Q3, with the company seeing weakness in its core Advertising segment. 

Additionally, Pandora management held an analyst day coupled with its release of third-quarter earnings. Mahaney observed a focus on the forthcoming December 6th launch of the Pandora Premium On-demand product.

For the company s financial third quarter, though revenue of $352MM marks a 13% year-over-year surge, the result underperforms both Mahaney s projection of $365MM as well as consensus of $366MM, and even guidance of $360 to $370MM. Meanwhile, EBITDA of $(6.6)MM also falls short of Mahaney s estimate of $2.6MM, the Street s expectation of $0MM, and guidance of ($5) to 5mm, although the analyst adds  some costs were pulled forward into Q3. 

Management  materially lowered  guidance and presently expects fourth-quarter revenue of $368MM at the midpoint, compared to a prior expectation of $390MM and ($45MM) in EBITDA against the prior $23MM expectation, which Mahaney speculates is  in part due to $24MM in new product launch costs. 

Ultimately,  The weaker than expected core advertising results were a negative here while the plateauing user base growth remains in need of reinvigoration. The company is in the midst of a transformation as it invests heavily in the launch of its new Pandora Premium on-demand music product, though visibility into the success of these investments is low. Nevertheless, Pandora does start off with an established brand and ~78MM Users. We also continue to see P as having significant strategic value. And valuation   at under 2X Sales   seems undemanding,  Mahaney contends.

Top analyst Mark Mahaney has a very good TipRanks score with a 70% success rate and he ranks at #3 out of 4,197 on the analyst leaderboard. Mahaney garners 20.9% in his yearly returns. However, when recommending P, Mahaney faces a loss of 19.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate P as a Buy. Based on 22 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 14 rate a Buy on P, 6 maintain a Hold, while 2 issue a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $15.41, marking a nearly 27% upside from where the shares last closed. Apple anticipates utilizing about $16 bln for capital expenditures during 2017  Three new iPhone 8 models likely to have glass backs supplied by Biel Crystal Manufactory, Lens Technology - Nikkei  
2016-04-27
Apple Inc.'s Latest Product is a Shot at Microsoft The market for traditional PCs has been in decline for nearly five years. In 2011, PC-makers shipped just over 365 million desktop and laptop computers. Last year, they shipped fewer than 289 million, according to research firm Gartner. Although Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) shares have outperformed the broader market in recent years, revenue from its Windows business has contracted as PC shipments have declined.

Meanwhile, the demand for tablets has surged. Tablet-makers shipped more than 206 million tablets last year, up from nearly 72 million in 2011. Though Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has seen its iPad shipments decline in recent quarters, it remains the world's single largest tablet vendor.

Now the company is looking to bolster both trends. Apple's latest product, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, is aimed squarely at Microsoft's core market.

An expensive tablet, but an average PC

Starting at $599, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is expensive for a tablet, but its price point is far more palatable when viewed as a replacement for a traditional PC. Microsoft's hardware partners offer a wide variety of PCs aimed at almost any budget, but the average laptop has consistently retailed for around $500 in recent years.

That's the market Apple is targeting. When the company unveiled the iPad Pro back in March, Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller noted that there were more than 600 million Windows PCs still in use that were more than five years old. "That's really sad. These people could really benefit from an iPad Pro" he said, then continued to emphasize the attractive aspects of the device.

Reviewers have largely kept Apple's aspirations in mind when writing about the device, which has led to a mixed reception. "It's a stupendous iPad, even though it's still not a laptop replacement," wrote The Verge. "It's still not a full-fledged laptop killer," wrote CNet. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro may be the single best tablet the company has ever made, but when it comes to pure productivity, a traditional PC still reigns supreme.

Getting the iPad business back on track

iPad shipments have fallen short of analyst estimates for most of the last two years. Last quarter, Apple sold just 16.1 million iPads, down from 21.4 million in the same quarter in 2015. The growing popularity of larger phones, and increased competition from inexpensive Android tablets, may have played some role, but in general, consumers just aren't upgrading their iPads on any sort of a regular basis.

In the past, Apple's management has expressed its intent to change this by offering innovative new features exclusive to newer models. Last year, Apple introduced support for running multiple apps simultaneously, and its new iPad Pro offers better speakers and supports Apple's smart stylus, the Apple Pencil.

Another way Apple is trying to rejuvenate the iPad business is to expand the company's addressable market. It's unlikely that Apple will convince all 600 million people with old Windows laptops to buy iPad Pros, but if it did, iPad shipments would rise significantly.

Microsoft pioneered the category, and is expected to continue dominating it

IDC doesn't believe Microsoft has much to fear from the iPad Pro. In March, the research firm projected that the market for detachable tablets (such as the iPad Pro and Microsoft Surface) would top 63 million units in 2020, and that Windows would power about 55% of them. Microsoft's lineup of Surface devices has proven popular, but its hardware partners have responded aggressively, rolling out a cornucopia of similar products in recent months.

Apple is expected to capture about 22.4% of the market in 2020, which would represent annual shipments of just over 14 million, if the IDC's projections prove accurate. That could provide a boost for Apple's tablet business, but it wouldn't be significant. With an average selling price of $700, it would only add $10 billion to Apple's annual revenue (less than 5% of its fiscal 2015 revenue).

Of course, IDC has a mixed track record when it comes to operating system projections, and Apple is likely to continue to evolve the iPad Pro in the years to come. It may not be the perfect PC replacement today, but the second- or third-generation model could come much closer. With the iPad business losing steam, investors seem to have lost interest in the product category. But with Apple now actively courting the average Windows laptop user, the iPad Pro could eventually emerge as one of Apple's most interesting product categories. Apple's Capital Return Program Is A Complete Joke Normally I would write several paragraphs explaining an opinion and then provide data to support my view. In the case of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) highly touted "capital return program," it is easier to let the numbers do the talking. It is quite obvious the route Apple has chosen to (supposedly) pay out its massive cash hoard is hurting shareholders.

First, consider a visual of Apple's net cash per share over the last ten years:

From this graphic, can you tell when the company started paying out dividends and buying back its own shares? Would you conclude that the company is doing an adequate job of returning years and years of accumulated profits to the folks who actually own the company?

Rational observers with no other information would likely conclude that Apple returned a lot of cash during fiscal year 2014 and quickly reverted to its old ways.

Actually, the company paid out its first dividend in late fiscal 2012 and began a large stock buyback plan in fiscal 2013. Total capital returns peaked in fiscal 2014, declined in fiscal 2015, and are on pace to decline again in fiscal 2016 (which is halfway completed).

As you can see, Apple's so-called return of capital is really a complete joke. All they have done is issue debt and use the proceeds to pay dividends and buy back shares. They claim this has been a raging success, but the numbers tell a different story. Net cash at Apple now sits at more than $150 billion, or $27 per share. Shareholders began to really become upset in fiscal year 2012 when net cash crossed $100 billion. It's become even worse four years later, to the tune of 50%.

Okay, so the continual buildup of net cash is one thing, but are shareholders really being harmed by this misguided capital allocation strategy? Let's look at the company's stock price relative to the cash hoard over the last ten years:

As you can see, Wall Street has been giving Apple less and less credit for its cash hoard as time has gone on. Net cash as a percentage of stock price has risen from roughly 10% in 2007 to around 20% between 2008-2012. In 2013, net cash represented 30% of the stock price, and that is about where the ratio stands today.

We can conclude one of two things. One, investors are ignoring more and more of this cash when they value the company (since all it is doing is building up and earning close to zero return). Or two, Apple's business has deteriorated so much that investors have dramatically reduced their estimate of the value of the actual operating business, and the stock is being propped up by the cash hoard, which investors value highly. To me the answer is obviously the former.

Apple needs to actually return its past cumulative profits to shareholders. All they are doing now is returning a portion of future profits, which is causing net cash to continue to rise. Even better, given the company's growth trajectory lately, would be large scale acquisitions of leading innovative tech companies to reinvigorate growth at the company. Very few tech players have the money to pay large amounts for the cream of the crop, and Apple is on the short list. So far the best they have done is buy Beats (what a letdown).

All in all, I believe one of the main reasons that Apple stock sits at the same price it was four years ago, despite annual operating free cash flow growing from $42 billion to $70 billion during that time, is misappropriated capital.

In terms of valuation, the stock is trading below $100 Wednesday after a quarter of negative growth, lack of innovation and acquisitions, and increasing cash hoarding. Don't get me wrong, the shares are very cheap despite the capital issues. Consider that assigning zero value to the $27 of net cash per share and using a 10x annual free cash flow multiple gets one to a value of $120 per share. It's hard to argue that the stock should trade lower than that, even if the cash hoarding continues unabated.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Dow Jones Industrial Average Wavers As Shares Of Apple Inc. (AAPL), Twitter ... This story was updated at 4:15 p.m. EDT.

Stocks closed mixed Wednesday, with the tech sector dragged lower by shares of Apple and Twitter, as investors digested the latest policy decision by the U.S. Federal Reserve.

Apple's shares were down 6 percent at $97.82 after the tech giant reported its first revenue decline in 13 years, while Twitter slumped 16 percent to $14.86 after its revenue missed expectations.

Photo: Getty Images/TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP

Photo: Reuters Previous Next

The U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged at the conclusion of a two-day meeting Wednesday, but left the door ajar to a hike in June.

The U.S. central bank's policy-setting committee said the labor market had improved further despite a recent economic slowdown and that it was keeping a close eye on inflation.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average had worked off an earlier loss by the close and finished up 51 points, or 0.3 percent, at 18,042, while the Standard & Poor's 500 gained 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to close at 2,095. The tech-rich Nasdaq composite fell 25 points, or 0.5 percent, to 4,863.

Oil hit its highest level this year Wednesday, driven by a falling dollar and evidence of declining U.S. supply, putting the price on course for its strongest monthly performance since last April.

Disappointing earnings have slowed a recent rally, but the S&P 500 continues to hold near the record high it set almost a year ago. The index has rallied 15 percent since February.

First-quarter earnings from S&P 500 components are expected to have fallen 7.1 percent from a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 166 companies that have reported, 59 percent reported revenue above analyst expectations, just short of the average 60 percent since 2002.

Facebook shares were up 7 percent in after-hours trading following news that the social media site reported a 51.9 percent rise in quarterly revenue as its increasingly popular mobile app and push into live video continued to attract new advertisers and encouraged existing ones to boost spending.

DreamWorks Animation rose 19 percent to $32.20 after the Wall Street Journal reported Comcast was in talks to buy the Hollywood studio owner. Comcast was up 0.4 percent.

EBay was up 3 percent at $25.27 after raising its full-year revenue forecast, while Boeing rose 3 percent to $137.06 despite a drop in quarterly profit.

Chipotle was down 6 percent at $417.22 after a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly comparable sales prompted a spate of price target cuts.

Data from Reuters were used to report this story. 
2016-09-21
Apple (AAPL) Desperately Needs a New Brilliant Product Stocks mentioned in this story: AAPL, VZ, S, T, FIT

The iPhone accounted for 57 percent of Apple Inc.'s (ticker: AAPL) revenue last quarter. It's a product that revolutionized the consumer technology field as we know it. And for AAPL stock owners, it's pretty central to the investing thesis.

The iPhone has driven more than 50 percent of Apple's revenue every year since 2012. Back when the smartphone market was growing by leaps and bounds, this was a blessing. Today it's a curse.

Sales of the iPhone fell for the first time in history earlier this year in the fiscal second quarter, then fell once more in the third. For a product that originally debuted in 2007, that's not such a bad track record.

It's not entirely Apple's fault that iPhone sales are stumbling; the smartphone market as a whole is stagnating. In the first quarter of 2016, smartphone shipment growth grew less than 0.2 percent annually, according to IDC, registering the smallest growth ever.

Unfortunately for AAPL, the smartphone market is fizzling just as iPhone competitors are heating up. Two Chinese rivals in particular, Oppo and Vivo, have been taking huge swaths of Apple's market share in Asia, a continent that was once touted as Apple's best avenue for growth.

But in the second quarter, sales in Greater China plunged 26 percent, followed by a 33 percent fall in the third quarter.

With major carriers like Verizon Communications (VZ), Sprint Corp. (S) and AT&T (T) rolling back subsidies for iPhones, the cost of a new phone now falls squarely on the consumer, who, as it turns out, isn't so eager to pony up $800 now that the cost falls on them. The introduction of monthly payment plans have reduced this burden, but we're still seeing longer upgrade cycles that hurt Apple and other smartphone makers.

In summation: The iPhone, Apple's flagship product, main breadwinner and cash cow for the better half of the last decade is starting to become the biggest impediment to its growth.

Although some like to shower current CEO Tim Cook with blame for the current low-growth state of AAPL, one of the most turbocharged growth stocks of this century, that's simply what tends to happen to mature growth companies: they slow down eventually.

Greg Portell, lead partner, consumer industries and retail practice at A. T. Kearney, doesn't think Cook deserves a bad rap.

"Tim Cook has been a great administrator and steward of the company, and that's exactly who you want in that kind of role where you have a big company where the downside is large and the upside is minimal," Portell says.

Apple "is not a risk-taking company. I don't think you want a chief executive in that company that's a risk taker   you make the wrong mistake, and you lose half the value of the company overnight. That's not a good CEO," Portell says.

That's understandable, but still   one can only milk the teat of the iPhone for so long, right?

"As far as innovation, Apple definitely needs to kind of step up their game, and I think they'll do that," says Jordan Edelson, founder and CEO of Appetizer Mobile, a leading mobile application development agency in New York.

But how? Will it be another Apple Watch? The long-awaited final version of Apple TV? Even rumors that Apple is working on a car have been swirling for a while now, but many don't expect that to come around until 2019 or later. What can we expect soon   that isn't called an iPhone?

"They're probably working on some sort of augmented reality headset," Edelson says. "The next big thing for them is gonna be AR; Tim Cook's teased it a number of times, and they've made investments in terms of the staff and the type of people they've hired."

Mark Spoonauer, editor in chief of Tom's Guide, also sees AR in Apple's future.

"Apple will likely do a full-scale redesign for 2017 for the iPhone's 10th anniversary, but overall, the smartphone market is maturing, and most of the innovation is pushing into augmented reality and virtual reality, not the handsets," Spoonauer says.

"Their next big blockbuster product could be an augmented reality wearable headset, maybe in late 2017. At the very least, it will play a big role in the next iPhone," Spoonauer says. "Apple also seems keenly interested in wearables and especially fitness, and you might see them debut a fitness wearable that's more simple in 2017 that goes directly up against the Fitbit (FIT)."

Whatever Apple's next new product is, it couldn't come sooner. AAPL can get by just fine for a few years by iterating on iPhones, but "getting by" isn't what Apple shareholders are used to.

"It's more of a marathon than a sprint with them. For investors, that might not be enough. I think investors are looking for big news and big product releases," Edelson says. Apple, Inc. Just Helped Resurrect the Music Industry. Again. The first time around, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) helped the music industry navigate the digital transition. The challenge in the late '90s that the industry faced was the rise of piracy, as digital files of music were easily copied and shared illegally. Apple's role was to help consumers come to terms will opening up their wallets in a digital world, in part by making it easier to buy digital music legally.

This time around, the Mac maker is helping the music industry navigate the streaming transition. The challenge now is that the early innings were dominated by ad-supported models where users more or less got to listen for free. The basic goal remains the same: Convince consumers that music is still worth paying for.

With our powers combined

The RIAA has released its midyear 2016 report (link opens PDF) on industry revenue, and revenue from subscription services is helping the industry grow despite falling unit sales of both physical and digital copies. Retail revenue rose 8% to $3.4 billion, putting up the best growth in decades. Notably, streaming subscription revenue accounted for nearly half (47%) of that total. Streaming revenue is driving growth of digital music revenue, while permanent downloads are relatively flat.

Meanwhile, ad-supported on-demand streaming has stagnated. This is the part of the market that the industry has always hated, since not only is the revenue modest but it cheapens the value that consumers place on music in general. Consumers expecting to get music for free if they endure ads is not a good thing for the viability of the industry.

However, Apple isn't alone in helping to transform the industry. Spotify is by far the biggest player when it comes to paid subscriptions, with 40 million paid subscribers. That's more than twice Apple's 17 million paid subscribers.

But the big difference is that Spotify still offers an ad-supported on-demand service, while simultaneously offering a paid subscription that includes a wide range of additional features such as unlimited skips and offline listening. Spotify hit 100 million total active users in June, meaning it has convinced roughly 40% of its user base to pay up for premium. On the other hand, Apple only offers a paid version (after a three-month free trial). That's a strategic decision that has undoubtedly won the Mac maker many friends within the music industry.

Apple and Spotify both sit at the same price points with individual and family plans (at least if you don't subscribe to Spotify through the app). Paying subscribers now pay $120 per year, which is far more than the average person previously spent on music annually in the pre-streaming era. More importantly, consumers now get a lot more for their money. Instead of adding a few albums a year, people have access to more music than they could possibly need.

This probably won't be the last time that Apple helps usher in a new model for the music industry. Why Apple, Inc. Buying McLaren Does and Doesn't Make Sense Today's big Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) story is that the company has approached famed British supercar maker McLaren for a potential acquisition or collaboration of some sort. This comes from Financial Times, citing anonymous sources that say talks began a few months back. McLaren is valued in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.9 billion, and operates at a loss.

McLaren has quite a bit of institutional knowledge that Apple might want to get its hands on, such as materials design and other areas of automotive manufacturing. Here's why a potential deal does and doesn't make sense.

Why it makes sense

Acqui-hiring automotive talent makes sense in accelerating Apple's automotive road map and development plans. While the company has been poaching plenty of automotive engineers from the industry, an acqui-hire of this size would significantly bolster the talent under its roof.

McLaren's valuation is also manageable, and a deal could probably be done for less than what Apple spent on Beats, its largest historical acquisition to date. CEO Tim Cook has said openly that he won't be stopped from making deals based on price alone anymore, provided that the deal is a good strategic and cultural fit. McLaren is a quintessential premium brand, much like Apple, as its vehicles often sell for $1 million and greater.

Since McLaren is based in the U.K., Apple would also probably be able to fund the deal with its substantial foreign reserves, making better use of that idle cash.

Why it doesn't

Apple's preference with acquisitions is often to shut down the business, redeploying products and technologies in its own lineup. Most of the time, these revenue streams are negligible enough that no one really notices. McLaren reportedly generated nearly $600 million in revenue last year, and produced about 1,600 cars. If Apple chose to shut down McLaren's existing operations, that would be quite a bit of lost revenue. It could also mean potentially killing one of the most famous supercar brands in the world.

That level of volume also shows that McLaren wouldn't have much expertise in manufacturing cars in high volumes, which would be a requisite for the Apple Car. Manufacturing cars at scale is easily the hardest aspect of competing in the auto industry, and Apple still needs to figure out how to tackle that problem given its complete lack of experience and aversion to in-house manufacturing.

Apple's secretive car efforts are undoubtedly electric in nature, while McLaren's supercars all use traditional internal combustion technology. So there would be little value to Apple in McLaren's underlying propulsion technology. And McLaren certainly has no expertise in autonomy, either. But McLaren could still provide expertise in aerodynamic engineering and materials knowledge, which are quite important in electric cars due to the implications on range.

There are plenty of pros and cons in this potential deal, but my bet is that it doesn't happen. Samsung's Explosive Problem Could Be Good News for Apple Inc. The timing of Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) voluntary recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note7 smartphones could not have come at a better time for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which just released the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Let's take a closer at what led to the recall and the boost this could have for iPhone sales.

The exploding smartphone

As far as brand image goes, it doesn't get much worse for a company than having one of its flagship devices burst into flames all over the country, especially when it's something that many customers keep in their pockets and hold up to their heads on a regular basis.

Unfortunately for Samsung, that's exactly what happened with the Note7, released in mid-August. In the ensuing weeks, the media reported dozens of cases where the lithium-ion batteries in the Note7 have spontaneously caught fire and exploded. While this is a small number relative to the 2.5 million units sold worldwide since the release, Samsung didn't want to risk further incidents and decided to halt sales and issue a voluntary recall of the phone. Depending on where customers purchased the device, they can receive a replacement phone with a new battery directly from Samsung, a refund, or an exchange for a different model.

And Samsung's problems keep getting worse. There were reports over the past weekend that a 6 year-old boy in New York suffered burns and was rushed to the hospital after the Note7 he was playing with exploded in his hand. This news follows earlier reports from around the world of explosions that have led to fires in homes, hotel rooms, and cars. Samsung's stock is down a little over 5% since the recall was announced -- wiping out a over $10 billion of market value and resulting in shake-up of leadership at the company.

The impact on Samsung

The Note7 recall has been a major blow to Samsung's efforts to gain market share in the competitive smartphone market and could have a lasting impact on its brand image. Third quarter results are expected to take up to a $900 million hit as a result of lost sales and recall costs.

Analysts are now expecting sales of around six million units of the Note7 in the third and fourth quarters, significantly lower than earlier estimates of 12 million to 15 million units. The Note7 fiasco could also cast a shadow over Samsung's S8 smartphone launch in early 2017.

How Apple can benefit

Apple's financial results are largely dependent on the success of the iPhone. Fiscal third quarter revenue declined 15% year-over-year to $42.3 billion, largely a result of selling 15% fewer iPhones. Fears of market saturation for its best-selling product and the implications from the declining revenue caused the stock to hit a 52-week low of $89.47 in May, though it has since recovered almost 20%. The launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus could help reverse the falling revenue, and carriers are already reporting strong pre-orders for the new smartphone, although Apple hasn't released any specific sales figures.

According to T-Mobile president and CEO John Legere, "iPhone 7 is the biggest preorder in T-Mobile's history, and that says a lot about our momentum and the excitement customers have for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus!" Sprint said the first three days of pre-orders of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are up more than 375% over the first three days of pre-orders from the previous iPhone launch. Based on strong anticipated demand, and in the wake of the Note7 recall, Apple reportedly increased its order for parts and components used in the new devices' production by 10% earlier this month.

If Samsung has further issues with the Note7, or future smartphone models, it could be a devastating blow to the company's growing smartphone business and a boon for Apple and other competitors. It's hard to know the exact correlation between Samsung's explosive problem and a successful iPhone launch, but the timing was rather fortuitous and could result in a sizable sales bump for Apple in the coming quarters. Setting the Record Straight on Apple Inc. iPhone Manufacturing Costs Each year, IHS publishes its estimate of the bill of materials cost for the latest Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone. This year, the research firm says the iPhone 7, with 32 gigabytes of on-board flash memory, costs the company about $220 to build.

Whenever these estimates come out, critics are quick to point out that Apple is making "obscene" or "ridiculous" profits from these devices. In response, individuals will point out that there is far more to the cost of building an iPhone than the sum of the components that go into the device.

But while I agree that the per-unit manufacturing costs (referred to as "cost of goods sold") consist of more than just the raw components, I often see people include research and development expense as a component of the cost of goods sold for a particular iPhone.

That would be a mistake.

The research and development question

Hardly anyone would argue that it costs Apple a pretty penny to design each iPhone. Apple develops a significant number of unique and proprietary technologies such as all of the software and services present on the device (not to mention all of the tools that Apple creates for app developers), custom chip technologies, the display, and much more.

However, it's important to understand that these are one-time expenses, referred to as "non-recurring engineering", or NRE costs. In other words, Apple does all of the hard work and spends significantly to develop these technologies, but these expenses are incurred just once.

From an accounting perspective, research and development costs aren't generally counted under cost of goods sold and therefore, have no impact on gross profit margins (revenue less the manufacturing costs associated with the sale of a product). Instead, they're reported specifically as a separate line item -- still a critical component of a company's overall operating expenses.

Keeping operating expenses separate from costs of goods sold makes sense

From an accounting and reporting perspective, there is a good reason to keep R&D expenses separate from cost of goods sold. Remember that all of the expenses incurred to develop a product such as the iPhone happens well in advance of when the first unit rolls off the assembly lines. Furthermore, by the time an iPhone goes up for sale, Apple is already hard at work on the next several versions.

So let's say that from an accounting perspective, Apple tries to include the R&D spending in the actual manufacturing cost of each iPhone it sells. Doing so would present significant challenges.

First of all, Apple would need to meticulously keep track of the spending associated with each project. Given that Apple is likely to be working at any time on multiple generations of products and technologies, this would indeed be very difficult.

Then, even if Apple's financial teams were able to accurately determine the spending on a per-product basis, how would the company report all of the spending that's happening in support of future projects? How does spending on products that never actually make it to market get accounted for?

It would be a complicated, untenable mess.

But wait -- there's more! When it comes to NRE expenses, any potential per-unit cost calculation would depend on the number of units shipped over the lifetime of the product -- higher unit shipments mean lower per-unit costs as the fixed cost is spread over a greater number of units. And the number of units shipped is impossible to know before the very last unit of a particular product line ships out to end customers.

For Apple, an iPhone model can remain on sale for years.

A better metric than gross profit margin

Gross profit margin is a useful metric. It provides insight into a company's manufacturing cost structure and, perhaps more importantly, a company's competitive positioning in its field, which is why it's usually worthwhile to compare the gross margins of companies in similar industries, not across different ones.

However, a better metric -- one that encompasses both gross profit margin as well as operating expenses -- is operating margin. This metric is calculated by taking gross profit, subtracting operating expenses, and dividing by total revenue.

Remember that even if a company has a good cost structure with respect to product manufacturing, it still needs to develop and market those products. If those product development and marketing expenses get out of hand, then all of the supply chain wizardry in the world will not be enough to sustain a healthy, profitable business.

When all is said and done, Apple's operating margin in the past fiscal year was just over 30%. What that means is that for every dollar the company brought in, $0.30 fell to the bottom line -- a respectable figure, especially since Apple operates in very competitive markets. Apple in talks with Lit Motors about a potential acquisition - NYT, citing sources  Apple in talks with luxury carmaker McLaren about potential acquisition - FT  
2016-02-13
Apple, Inc set to open new $25 million tech center in Hyderabad, India by June Apple is reportedly opening its first technology development located in India, on 250,000 sq ft of land within the IT corridor of Hyderabad, next to facilities for Microsoft, Infosys, Wipro and Cognizant, reportedly within Tishman Speyer's WaveRock facility.





WaveRock facilities in Hyderabad, India | Source: Tishman Speyer

Apple international



Apple R&D site in Cambridge, UK



Apple R&D site in Yokohama, Japan

Apple in the USA

According to a report by V L Srinivasan for ZDNet, Apple is spending $25 million on the project, which is said to involve jobs for 4,500.India's Telangana State Technology Services managing director GT Venkateshwar Rao told the site that Apple's decision to locate facilities in Hyderabad would boost the city's image as a hub for technology development."Microsoft's Windows 10 was developed in Hyderabad, but it has been a global product now," Rao said. Both Microsoft and Google have announced plans to invest in India.Microsoft's chief Satya Nadella has described expanding its existing facilities and further efforts to take advantage of India's status as the third largest site for startups behind the U.S. and U.K., and Google's chief Sundar Pichai recently outlined a "huge new campus in Hyderabad" costing $160 million, described as Google's first campus outside of the U.S and "said to be the biggest in South Asia."In 2006, Apple announced plans to open a product support center in Bangalore, but abandoned the effort three months later. Apple's PR chief Steve Dowling said at the time that Apple had "re-evaluated our plans, and have decided to put our planned support center growth in other countries."More recently, Apple's sales in India crossed the $1 billion sales mark last March, and the company has been working with the Indian government to fast-track the construction of new Apple Stores in the country, an issue formerly complicated by regulations pertaining to foreign ownership of retail stores that sell a single brand.While Srinivasan called Apple's plans for Hyderabad the company's "first offshore technology development centre outside the United States," Apple operates a number of international facilities, including a site in Cork, Ireland that involves manufacturing, customer care, finance, and global supply chain management.That facility was reportedly under consideration for major expansion last summer.Apple also announced plans last month to open its first iOS App Development Center in Naples, Italy The company has also opened research and development offices (above) in Cambridge, UK next to Microsoft, Sony, Siemens, Qualcomm and Huawei, as well as having built R&D centers in Shanghai, China and in Longtan, Taiwan at a former Qualcomm site.Additionally, Apple has three development sites located in Israel: one in Ra'anana at a site that employs former employees of Texas Instruments, one in nearby Herzliya related to its 2011 acquisition of flash memory maker Anobit, and a third located further north in Haifa's Scientific Industries Center , adjacent to operations of Google, Intel, IBM, Microsoft and Yahoo.Apple has R&D facilities under construction in Yokohama, Japan (above) at the site of a former Panasonic factory. That site is said to be intended to tap in to local talent specializing in materials science, vehicles and health science.The company is also rumored to be moving into office space in Ottawa, Canada next to Blackberry's QNX subsidiary focused on automotive software solutions.However, the majority of its product design and engineering work is done in the U.S.. Besides its Infinite Loop headquarters and Campus 2 project in Cupertino, California, and new facilities operating or planned in nearby Sunnyvale, Santa Clara and San Jose (including the former chip fab acquired from Maxim Integrated Products), Apple has a graphics chip development site at its Melbourne Design Center near Orlando, Florida , acquired alongside AuthenTec and Intrinsity and staffed with former AMD engineers.Apple has also invested $300 million to build its Americas Operations Center (above) in Austin, Texas for 3,600 workers, and has reportedly leased office space in the Broadway Trade Center in Downtown Los Angeles, California 1 Surprise Apple Inc. May Have in Store for the iPhone 7s Although Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has yet to release its upcoming iPhone 7, I believe that recent commentary from one Apple supplier may shed some light on what the iDevice maker may have in store for its 2017 iPhone, the iPhone 7s.

One thing that I have been critical of Apple on is the fact that the company has traditionally kept its displays more or less the same for two generations of iPhones. For example, with the iPhone 6/6 Plus, Apple equipped its flagships with industry-leading LCDs that were very widely praised.

However, when the iPhone 6s/6s Plus came along, Apple recycled the same panels that it had used previously, effectively bringing no improvement to the quality of the display.

After going through comments made during a technology presentation from Apple display supplier Japan Display, I believe that Apple may actually bring an enhanced LCD in the iPhone 7s from the one it introduces with the iPhone 7.

A look at what Japan Display had to say

A key part of a typical liquid crystal display, or an LCD, is the backplane technology used. The backplane is a crucial part of a display and, as Android Authority explains, is a key factor that determines the kind of display resolution and power consumption characteristics of a mobile display.

The displays found on Apple's current flagship iPhones almost certainly use the first generation of Japan Display's Low Temperature Polysilicon, or LTPS, backplane technology. If we take a look at this slide from the aforementioned technology presentation, we see that Japan Display plans to introduce a second generation Advanced LTPS backplane technology in its fiscal year 2016 and a third generation in fiscal year 2017:

As you can see in this slide, the second generation of LTPS should lead to a significant reduction in backplane power consumption (30% drop). The third generation, which the slide indicates goes into mass production during the company's fiscal year 2017, can drive power consumption down by another 42% from the second generation.

Tying this back to Apple and the iPhone

The impression that I get is that these reductions in power consumption can be used in one of two ways. The first is to simply deliver better battery life at a given display resolution (2560-by-1440, or "WQHD" is used as the reference in the slide above), or it can allow for similar power consumption at higher display resolutions.

My bet is that Apple will deliver a resolution increase with the iPhone 7/7 Plus (the current 6s/6s Plus are behind many Android flagships in this regard), and then with the iPhone 7s keep resolution constant while delivering other enhancements to the display quality in addition to a reduction in power consumption.

Will these features be enough to catalyze sales?

I firmly believe that if Apple had introduced meaningful new display technology with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, the device would have been more attractive to a number of high end buyers. In my view, this could have driven improved sales and potentially even driven average selling prices higher as the price-reduced iPhone 6/6 Plus became less attractive in comparison to the 6s/6s Plus.

If I'm reading the tea leaves correctly, Apple should have access to significantly improved display technology at a quicker pace than it has had previously, allowing it to deliver more compelling improvements in its displays generation-over-generation. Apple: The iPhone Reality Distortion Field The iPhone has not only changed the definition of success for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), but has altered the perception required to properly sense reality. Similar to the dynamic that exists between rivaling siblings, having the iPhone become the single-most successful consumer technology product in history has produced an environment in which every subsequent Apple product decision has failed to meet the expectations set by iPhone. As a consequence, questions and doubts surrounding new Apple products and services have emerged even though there are tangible signs of success and progress being made. The iPhone has produced a new type of reality distortion field around Apple.

Reality Distortion Fields

What was once a term used to denote Steve Jobs' charisma and ability to turn the seemingly impossible or improbable into something achievable, the term "reality distortion field" has taken on a few meanings over the years. One of the more recent examples was used by competitors to negatively point out Apple's ability to seemingly compete under different, more hospitable terms. While the term usually took on a negative tone, it always contained positive connotations related to Apple either winning or succeeding in some form. However, in recent years, a new kind of reality distortion field has taken shape and unlike every version before it, this one has negative connotations. The iPhone has produced a type of twisted reality where perception does not accurately measure the amount of success being achieved with new products. Much of this augmented reality is experienced by those closely involved with Wall Street and Silicon Valley.

The Older Sibling

The iPhone's sheer success has changed the way we perceive new Apple products, services and apps. Similar to the rivalry that may exist between siblings, the iPhone is the older sibling who has achieved a multitude of milestones and successes, altering the very definition of success for others following in its footsteps. The major takeaway isn't that the bar has been lowered for new products, but rather that progress and achievement are not being accurately measured and milestones are not being recognized.

Path to Success

It is difficult to argue the iPhone shouldn't change the definition of success for Apple. If management's singular goal is to remain relevant, then a natural extension of that goal is for Apple to build off of the iPhone's success. Some may call this a burden. Others will say it is a gift. However, the dilemma that has formed over the years is that the iPhone's sheer success has altered the way we perceive success and the path needed to achieve greater success. People want Apple to introduce new products just as successful as the iPhone only without the multi-year timeline and version reiterations that the iPhone went through.

Even though the iPhone was released only nine years ago, much of the product's history has been rewritten through subsequent stories and tales. Many now think the iPhone was a raging success out of the gate, adopted by the masses overnight as everyone from high school students to corporate executives saw the device's potential at first sight. Reality was vastly different.

The iPhone was introduced at a time when it was still taboo to own a Mac on a college campus. The Blackberry (NASDAQ:BBRY) was just beginning to take off as the luxury of having work email on a phone was too much for people to pass up. The average consumer was only starting to think about whether it was worth paying for a mobile data plan each month. After launching with one carrier in one country in 2007, it took three years for the iPhone to hit the mainstream with the iPhone 4 launch, highlighted in Exhibit 1.

Exhibit 1: iPhone Unit Sales (Quarterly)

As a sign of the iPhone Reality Distortion Field in full effect, when looking back at the iPhone's nine year journey, observers often shorten and condense the long path to success into a much shorter timeline and then look for new products to follow a similarly quick path to mainstream success.

Case Studies: iPhone Reality Distortion Field

We have three case studies for how the iPhone Reality Distortion Field has impacted perceptions of new Apple products: Apple Watch, Apple Music, and Apple accessories.

Apple Watch

Even though the Apple Watch has been compared to the iPhone for most of its short life, the true extent of this juxtaposition has been underestimated. In reality, pretty much every single aspect of Apple Watch has been judged through an iPhone filter. From the moment the Watch was introduced in September 2014, the device has been compared to the iPhone all the way down to management's keynote slides being judged as less clear than those found in the iPhone keynote introduction seven years earlier.

When the initial wave of Watch reviews were published, the device was panned as being less useful as an iPhone and not bringing up the same kind of feelings that people apparently had when the iPhone was introduced. Circling back to the older sibling example, the Watch was born into a world where early expectations were nearly impossible to meet.

When management announced that Apple Watch sales revenue would not be broken out in financial statements, the natural next thought among many was that such an action was due to the Watch not being as big of a deal as the iPhone, the single-most financially attractive product in Apple's history. Initial Wall Street sales estimates for Apple Watch were based on iPhone user numbers. Initial Watch upgrade cycle estimates were based on iPhone upgrade cycles. Launch weekend Watch sales were based on launch weekend iPhone sales. As each one of these events turned out to be quite different for Apple Watch, disappointment soon took the place of excitement.

We know Apple sold at least 10 million Apple Watches in the first eight months on the market, with a high probability of that number being closer to 11 million, highlighted in Exhibit 2. But many haven't stopped comparing Apple Watch to the iPhone long enough to add much-needed perspective to those sales numbers.

Exhibit 2: Apple Watch Sales (Above Avalon Estimate)

One way of reframing Apple Watch sales is to consider that Apple sold at least 10 million wrist watches, with an average selling price of approximately $475, at at time when large swaths of the population had tuned out watches, let alone spent a few hundred dollars on one. In just eight months, Apple is selling 50 different Watch models grouped into four collections. Add in extra bands and watch faces, and Apple literally offered millions of unique Watch combinations...at launch. Despite these facts, much of this success has been brushed aside because the Watch doesn't have an app experience like an iPhone and was not a good "replacement" for an iPhone. The word "replace" does a poor job at explaining the whole point of Apple Watch in relation to the rest of Apple's product line.

Apple Music

In just 18 months, Apple went from buying Beats for $3 billion to having a music streaming service available in 113 countries with more than 10 million members paying for music content that is available for free elsewhere. Apple recently launched Apple Music in China and on Android, which will add to that 10 million figure. Despite this success, many have written off Apple Music as a buggy Apple service that shouldn't even exist.

It may be difficult to see, but Apple Music has also fallen victim to the iPhone Reality Distortion Field. The service's path to success has been warped to such a degree that reality is no longer viewable. Whereas Spotify took eight years to reach 10 million paid users, Apple did it in six months. Many respond that Apple Music's membership total is the result of being a default app on iPhone and Apple having stronger brand recognition. This is evidence that the iPhone Reality Distortion Field is in full effect. Any Apple service that is found on an iPhone is expected to turn to gold overnight with few bugs or problems.

Apple Accessories

In recent months, Apple has released a series of accessories for Apple Watch, iPad and iPhone. Positioned to play off the intangibles associated with luxury, accessories are meant to make something more useful or versatile, while also helping to create a different kind of emotion that would otherwise cease to exist. However, there has been pushback against some of these accessories as people wonder why Apple is dedicating resources to such minor products that will not sell at the same magnitude as iPhone. Whether it is a $79 Apple Watch charging dock, $99 Apple Pencil, or $99 iPhone battery case, Apple's motivation isn't to sell tens of millions of each accessory, or drive significant amounts of revenue, but to enhance the experience. The iPhone Reality Distortion Field is at the root of the problem as people tend to discount minor products with a small financial impact as nonessential and irrelevant.

Management's Response

How should management work around the iPhone Reality Distortion Field? Instead of spending time in Luca Maestri's office going over Apple financials, the best way to counter this twisted sense of reality is to spend time in Jony's lab. By focusing on product and not financials, it is easier to assess product development success and milestones.

The root cause of the iPhone Reality Distortion Field is found with the iPhone's immense success. The stronger the iPhone becomes, the more it resembles a black hole, where reality and perspective are twisted. Fortunately for Apple, the immense level of success and opportunity provided by iPhone represents a gift. The more successful the iPhone becomes, the stronger the motivation for Apple to recognize the success but then work to move beyond the iPhone.

Back in 2012, Jony Ive discussed the motivation behind the work taking place at Apple: "Our goal isn't to make money. Our goal absolutely at Apple is not to make money. This may sound a little flippant, but it's the truth. Our goal and what gets us excited is to try to make great products. We trust that if we are successful people will like them, and if we are operationally competent we will make revenue, but we are very clear about our goal."

Jony's comments demonstrate Apple's strategy for dealing with the iPhone Reality Distortion Field: let the products do the talking. By focusing on product, Apple can create a development framework for reiteration and improvement, two ingredients for long-term success. Avoid (Or Short) Apple On Coming iPhone Stress  
2016-08-17
Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Until It Hits $125: Trader Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock pulled back a bit on Wednesday after climbing on Monday and most of Tuesday following the news last week that Warren Buffett had added to his stake in the iPhone maker. It seems the stock has found support above $100 per share after hovering in the $95 to $100 since late April. But when does Apple stock become overbought? Some bears say it already is, while one bull says $125 would be his sell level for the shares.

More than 14% upside possible in AAPL Stock

Cowen & Co. equity sales trading head David Seaburg told CNBC s Power Lunch that he would buy Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock when it s lower than $100 and then potentially trade it up to $125 and within that range. He believes billionaire investor Warren Buffett picked up some shares of the iPhone maker at  the sweet spot,  but he warns that the shares could become too rich. Buffett s firm Berkshire Hathaway reported on Friday in a regulatory filing that it had hiked its stake in the company by 55% or about $500 million.

So far this year, Apple s closing price has peaked at $112.10, and its year to date closing low is $90.32, which occurred in May following a sell-off as investors worried that the iPhone 7 would not be a strong cycle. The company needs a rebound after an exceptionally weak iPhone 6s cycle which brought the first year over year unit decline.

Biggest concern for AAPL stock?

Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi thinks Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock could even pass $125 per share, even after outperforming the S&P 500 by 1,230 basis points over the last 14 trading days. He believes the iPhone maker is undervalued in comparison with the majority of other stocks in the technology sector. In a report dated August 16, he outlined some possible roadblocks for the company.

He does think Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) can achieve estimates for the September quarter and notes that the company will benefit from the extra week in the December quarter, which means it will have 14 weeks in its first fiscal quarter. He believes the extra week will enable the iPhone maker to reach estimates for the December quarter as well, even if the iPhone 7 cycle ends up being another weak one.

He adds that estimates for the March quarter and for fiscal 2017 appear to be more aggressive, but he thinks investors will be willing to look past downward revisions after the December quarter and instead focus on next year s iPhone, the iPhone 7s or iPhone 8, as many expect it to be called. Next year s iPhone may be released as early as the middle of next year, if some rumors are correct, and it is expected to be a much larger upgrade cycle than this year s iPhone 7.

Sacconaghi believes the biggest risk to the near-term momentum for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is  very weak December guidance,  which he defines as an implied iPhone unit growth of 70 million or less. If this occurs, he said it would imply only 200 million iPhone units for fiscal 2017 and earnings of about $8 per share, both of which are probably below the buy-side consensus, he believes. Such numbers would also raise even bigger concerns of a more structural nature about Apple rather than just being a concern about one weak iPhone cycle.

Is Apple stock overbought?

Moving to the far bearish end of the spectrum, ACG Analytics macro strategy head Larry McDonald told CNBC s Power Lunch that right now Apple stock is  extremely over-bought.  He noted that over the last nine months,  central banks and sovereign wealth funds reaching for yield  have snapped up approximately 52 million shares of the iPhone maker s stock. He believes Apple stock is at a premium right now because the company pays a dividend. He s concerned about this because it s a trend that reminds him about what was common in the 1990s.

He added that investors or asset managers that produce dividends  are the heroes today  and that this is a sign that a trade is  extremely crowded  He believes that this is something that investors should want to fade.

Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) declined by as much as 0.21% to $109.15 during regular trading hours on Wednesday. Apple announces environmental progress in China  
2016-07-11
PC Sales Fall, as Apple Crumbles Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has a new problem. Sales of the Mac have started to fall, which makes it no better off than the personal computer (PC) companies with which it has competed for decades. In the second quarter, computer sales dropped 5.2% worldwide to 64.3 million. Apple Mac sales dropped 4.9% to 4.6 million, according to Gartner.

A large part of the industry slide was due to industry leader China-based Lenovo. Its sales fell 2.2% to 13.2 million. Its sales make up about one fifth of the entire market.

The research firm reported:

Worldwide PC shipments totaled 64.3 million units in the second quarter of 2016, a 5.2 percent decline from the second quarter of 2015, according to preliminary results by Gartner, Inc. This was the seventh consecutive quarter of PC shipment declines, but Gartner analysts said the market is showing some signs of improvement.

Also:

All regions except North America experienced a PC shipment decline. The Latin America region was still very weak largely because of political and economic instability. PC shipments in Latin America are expected to fall below 5 million units for the second quarter of 2016, which is a decline of more than 20 percent from the second quarter of 2015. These shipment results would be some of the lowest in the history of the Latin America PC industry.

In a rare occurrence, China was not cited as the cause of large movement in the market.

As for the industry rank for the period:

Lenovo maintained the No. 1 position in worldwide PC shipments in the second quarter of 2016, despite a 2.2 percent decline in units from the same period last year. This was the fifth consecutive quarter of global PC shipment declines for Lenovo. The company experienced double-digit growth in the U.S. mobile PC market, but EMEA continued to be a challenge due to inventory build during the quarter. In Asia/Pacific, Lenovo s shipments declined, but the decline was less than the overall average in the region.

In the tier just below HP, Lenovo and Dell, there is elbowing for the next spot.

Asus, Apple and Acer are battling it out for the fourth position in worldwide PC shipments for the second quarter of 2016, as preliminary results get finalized.

Preliminary Worldwide PC Vendor Unit Shipment Estimates for 2Q16 (Thousands of Units)

Company 2Q16 Shipments 2Q16 Market Share (%) 2Q15 Shipments 2Q15 Market Share (%) 2Q16-2Q15 Growth (%) Lenovo 13,198 20.5 13,491 19.9 -2.2 HP Inc. 12,284 19.1 12,063 17.8 1.8 Dell 9,788 15.2 9,490 14.0 3.1 Asus 4,695 7.3 4,637 6.8 1.3 Apple 4,559 7.1 4,793 7.1 -4.9 Acer 4,417 6.9 4,401 6.5 0.4 Others 15,354 23.9 18,975 28.0 -19.1 Total 64,295 100.0 67,851 100.0 -5.2

Notes: Data includes desk-based PCs, notebook PCs and ultramobile premiums, but not Chromebooks or iPads. All data is estimated based on a preliminary study. Final estimates will be subject to change. The statistics are based on shipments selling into channels.

Source: Gartner (July 2016) 
2016-09-01
Why Apple Inc. Should Wait Until Early 2017 to Refresh the MacBook Air According to Bloomberg, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning a positively gargantuan refresh of its popular Mac product lines. iMacs, MacBook Pros, and MacBook Airs are all expected to get some upgrade love, something that could help Apple start retaking share from its competition.

Bloomberg says that the new Macs are expected to start launching in late 2016. Although it makes sense for the company to release the new MacBook Pro models later this year, it would be in Apple's best interests to hold off until early 2017 to update the MacBook Air systems. Here's why.

Apple needs to get in on seventh-generation Core processors

Apple's current MacBook Air systems currently use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) fifth-generation Core processors, also known by their code name, Broadwell. It's worth noting that Intel launched its sixth-generation Core processor family in late 2015, and Apple didn't bother to update its MacBook Air systems to use these new processors.

Apple could go ahead and use sixth-generation Core processors in its refreshed MacBook Air systems, but it seems a bit strange to adopt a processor family after it's been completely replaced by newer models. Instead, it makes sense for Apple to simply wait a little bit longer for the appropriate seventh-generation Core processors to become available.

It wouldn't exactly be a long wait

The processors Apple uses in its MacBook Air family of systems tend to be higher-performance variants with significantly more chip area dedicated to graphics processing than the chips that most other personal-computer vendors use. Typically, these parts arrive a little bit later than their less-sophisticated counterparts, but for premium systems, the slight wait and additional cost can be worth it.

According to Intel, seventh-generation Core notebook parts with Iris graphics will launch in January, approximately four months from now. Apple can easily hold off until then. After all, the refreshed MacBook Pro systems, which will presumably come with sixth-generation Intel Core processors with Iris Pro graphics, should be able to hold customer attention until chips suitable for a refreshed MacBook Air arrive.

This strategy would put Apple back on track

Although computer buyers tend to care about much more than the processor inside the system -- and this is especially the case for Apple's systems, as they are unique in many other ways relative to the competition -- I do think it would be best for Apple to stay as current as possible with respect to processors.

As Apple very well knows, given the amount of money it spends developing its homebrew A-series processors for its iPhone and iPad lineups, faster processors translate into faster and better user experiences. Why should a company like Apple, which participates only in the premium portion of the personal-computer market, settle for anything but the best processors for its systems?

Once Apple "resets" its MacBook Air lineup by updating them to seventh-generation Core processors, it can make sure to stay on track to annual processor upgrades from that point on. Doing so should help Apple's MacBook Air systems remain competitive in the marketplace, helping it to potentially grow share and maintain, or even grow, its system average selling prices, as it won't have to rely on aggressive pricing to try to move older products. Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Should Imitate Apple Inc.'s Naming Strategy It's time for Tesla Motors Inc (ticker: TSLA) to take a page from Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) naming playbook. Just as Apple dropped the "Computer" from its name in 2007, Tesla needs to drop the "Motors" from its name and send a message to its shareholders.

The message: You're not buying into a car company when you invest in TSLA. The vision is much bigger than that.

"Tesla's name, its communication of identity that has the greatest first impact, should provide scope for strategic evolution," says George T. Haley, professor of marketing at the University of New Haven.

"The company is still scaling up, and its name and management need to indicate to various stakeholders the strategic and market direction for that expansion," he says.

The term "Motors" simply doesn't convey that any more.

Tesla's planned acquisition of SolarCity Corp. (SCTY), announced in June, represents a meaningful step in the company's evolution and changes the carmaker to a full-on sustainable energy company. Tesla proudly announced in its offer that the combination would create the "world's only integrated sustainable energy company," with products spanning energy collection (solar panels), storage (battery packs) and consumption (electric cars).

"That they are separate at all," CEO Elon Musk said of Tesla and SolarCity, "is largely an accident of history."

Musk's most recent 10-year plan for the company outlines his plans to turn Tesla into a solar energy powerhouse. "Create a smoothly integrated and beautiful solar-roof-with-battery product that just works," the plan reads, "empowering the individual as their own utility, and then scale that throughout the world."

A company that aims to disrupt the utilities sector as we know it has no business having the word "Motors" in its name. And while it's true that a name change in and of itself won't change the financial fortunes of a company, it's quite meaningful as a signal of the company's ambitions, as we saw with Apple nearly 10 years ago.

A historic event. In January 2007, Steve Jobs made several bombshell announcements at the company's annual Macworld event. The first was the first Apple TV, the second was the first-ever iPhone and the third was the decision to drop the "Computer" from the company's name.

The rest is history.

The iPhone would go on to become the main revenue driver of the most profitable and valuable company in the world, which it remains today. Anyone who bought AAPL stock that day would find themselves sitting on gains of 783 percent today, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index gained just 53 percent.

In retrospect, it's clear this was the dawn of a new era for Apple. At the time, Jobs estimated the iPhone would sell 10 million units in 2008 for a 1 percent share of the global handset market. The company ended up selling 13.7 million iPhones that year, and sales would continue to increase annually for nearly a decade thereafter. In fiscal 2015, the company sold over 231 million iPhones.

"The Mac, iPod, Apple TV and iPhone. Only one of those is a computer. So we're changing the name," Jobs said at the time of the announcement. It made sense.

Tesla's turn. There's certainly no guarantee Tesla will start firing on all cylinders, become wildly profitable and vie with Apple for the title of world's largest company. But this is a seminal moment for TSLA all the same, and its ambitions for the next 10 years hint that the company could morph as much in the next decade as Apple has in the last decade.

In July, Musk looked back on the 10-year plan he came up with in 2006   it's in the "latter stages of completion," he says   and detailed the next 10-year plan, which he dubbed the "Master Plan, Part Deux."

He summarizes it as four simple stages:

"Create stunning solar roofs with seamlessly integrated battery storage.

Expand the electric vehicle product line to address all major segments.

Develop a self-driving capability that is 10X safer than manual via massive fleet learning.

Enable your car to make money for you when you aren't using it."

Sure, three of those goals deal explicitly with cars, but the term "Motors" still seems barely relevant, evoking images of internal combustion engines. And sure enough, Tesla seems to already be acknowledging this, says K C Ma, professor of finance at Stetson University.

"Musk subtly changed the company website link from 'TeslaMotors.com' to 'Tesla.com,'" notes Ma about the unannounced, under-the-radar change that happened in July. "We can only surmise that Musk must want the market to know that Tesla is now an energy company."

If and when a change is made to the young company's name, the dropping of "Motors" from Tesla could signify the slow decline of the traditional automobile   just as the dropping of "Computer" from Apple coincided with the slow decline of the personal computer.

Tesla in 2016, like Apple in 2007, is an innovative company with a brilliant CEO on the verge of a new era. Whether the name change comparison holds or not (it should), TSLA shareholders certainly hope that the share performance part of the analogy holds true. 
2016-06-19
Apple Inc. Risk Alert: China's Corruption Endangers iPhone 

Apple Inc. Risk Alert: China's Corruption Endangers iPhone





Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Faces China's Corruption

"

[T]he ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP) does not seem to value such demonstrations of goodwill. The CCP seldom allows sentimentality to get in the way when a foreign company   even an old "friend of China" such as Apple-does something that arouses the party's paranoia.



In this particular case, the digital books and movies offered by Apple are considered a potential threat to the Chinese government's ongoing campaign of keeping out Western liberal ideas. In addition, the notion that Apple could dominate China's digital content market must also have offended Beijing's protectionist instincts.

" Source: Forbes [T]he ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP) does not seem to value such demonstrations of goodwill. The CCP seldom allows sentimentality to get in the way when a foreign company   even an old "friend of China" such as Apple-does something that arouses the party's paranoia.In this particular case, the digital books and movies offered by Apple are considered a potential threat to the Chinese government's ongoing campaign of keeping out Western liberal ideas. In addition, the notion that Apple could dominate China's digital content market must also have offended Beijing's protectionist instincts.

"

"We no longer have a position in Apple." Apple is a "great company" and CEO Tim Cook is "doing a great job."



Icahn said China's attitude toward Apple largely drove him to exit his position.



"You worry a little bit - and maybe more than a little - about China's attitude," Icahn said, later adding that China's government could "come in and make it very difficult for Apple to sell there ... you can do pretty much what you want there."

" Source: CNBC "We no longer have a position in Apple." Apple is a "great company" and CEO Tim Cook is "doing a great job."Icahn said China's attitude toward Apple largely drove him to exit his position."You worry a little bit - and maybe more than a little - about China's attitude," Icahn said, later adding that China's government could "come in and make it very difficult for Apple to sell there ... you can do pretty much what you want there."

"

Intellectual property regulators in Beijing barred Apple from selling models of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the city, citing strong similarity to an existing Chinese phone.



The regulator said iPhone models infringed on the patents of 100C mobile phones.

" Source: CNBC Intellectual property regulators in Beijing barred Apple from selling models of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the city, citing strong similarity to an existing Chinese phone.The regulator said iPhone models infringed on the patents of 100C mobile phones.

In 2002 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) applied for a the iPhone trademark in the electronic goods category in China. This was nearly five years before the launch of the iPhone itself. The trademark was not granted. However in 2007, once the iPhone was a known product, acompany called Xintong Tiandi Technology (XTT) then applied for the iPhone trademark in leather goods in 2007, and it was granted in 2010.Nobody wasworried about this because first, the trademark went to a non-competitive industry. Then, in the years to come, the iPhone trademark has had trouble worldwide. Apple lost the right for local carriers to use the iPhone name in Mexico back in 2014 because a local company had trademarked iFone in 2003. It also faced a trademark battle in India the same year, where a local company claimed confusion with its own brand, iFon ( 9TO5Mac ).On April 22nd of 2016, China shut down Apple's online book and movie services in the country, suggesting an intensifying campaign to bring Web content in line with Beijing's stringent guidelines for traditional media ( WSJ ).This came as a much bigger surprise because Apple had done so much work in China to garner goodwill from the ruling Communist government. The ruling did not seem Apple specific, again, because the totalitarian government in China had done the same type of content censorship with Google, Facebook and Twitter. This seemed to be more of a case where Apple stepped into a red zone, outside of hardware, and China doesn't let anyone in to that zone.Here's a take from Forbes surrounding that event:The Forbes article goes on to read "On a fundamental level, Beijing wants to keep foreign firms from dominating China's information sector and from posing an existential threat to the CCP's monopoly of power. China may have to pay a high price for such resistance. They may have to use inferior technology, products, and services. But such costs are considered affordable to the regime because they are borne almost exclusively by ordinary Chinese people."At this point, multi-billionaire Carl Icahn sold his stake in Apple.What the press did not do a great job of covering was the last part of Icahn's statement, which reads: "[If China] was basically steadied," he would buy back into Apple.Apple's CFO and CEO did comment on the sale. CFO Luca Maestri said: "We remain very optimistic about the China market over the long term, and we are committed to investing there for the long run.But the most disturbing news came out last week. Here it is:Even though Apple noted, correctly, that "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are all available for sale today in China," there's no way to read this move from China other than all out totalitarian, nationalistic and brutal.The Wall Street Journal reported earlier Friday that some stores stopped selling the phones months ago and are switching to newer models. Apple will soon end production of the banned iPhone 6 models, a person familiar with the production plans told the Journal.After reading everything above, it can seem as though China is slowly dropping the hammer on Apple, as home grown companies are delivering smartphones that are "good enough" if not better than Apple. The populace at large, it could be argued, will not be harmed.What was not properly reported other than by CNBC was that "this is a patent filed in a Beijing court for Beijing only, and it's about the outside look of the phone. It has nothing to do with the technology of the thing" (John Rutledge, Chief Investment Strategist at SAFANAD).Some comfort can be had with reality that the iPhone ban was isolated to an older iPhone model, a single city (Beijing) patent law, and the fact that it has only to do with the outside of the phone rather than the technology inside. Further comfort can be found with the reality that this single ban, in isolation, will have no material impact on Apple's revenue or profits.China depends on Apple just as Apple depends on China.If the country truly turns Apple out, it would be a disaster for the country's growing move to attract foreign companies to build research and development centers in the country -- to go beyond manufacturing facilities that make use simply of inexpensive labor. As China's labor force becomes more expensive, foreign companies are already hopping out of town to go to other lesser developed countries for labor. Further, Foxconn, the massive Apple and Samsung supplier, has replacedChinese workers with robots.Marketwatch reported that the "Apple supplier says automation has freed up its employees for higher value-added roles, such as in R&D." That's exactly what China wanted to hear.Nipping at the heels of Apple simply reminds the Chinese populace that the government is in charge, but that other than posturing, this isn't (yet?) the disaster that the man stream media will have us believe. But this is getting dangerously close to playing politics rather than doing research for investments. Apple Watch for $49 at Best Buy Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is not only having trouble selling iPhones in China, U.S. buyers are not very enthusiastic either. And if anything, enthusiasm for the Apple Watch is even cooler. So Best Buy Co. Inc. (NYSE: BBY) has put together an offer that both it and Apple probably hope customers can t refuse.

Best Buy is offering an Apple Watch at $250 off the list price with the purchase of an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus with a two-year contract, lease, or monthly installment plan for Verizon, AT&T or Sprint. That means customers can get a $299 Sport 38mm rose gold aluminum-cased Apple Watch (MLCH2LL/A) for $49 or a $349 Sport 42mm Gold aluminum-cased Apple Watch (MLC72LL/A) for $99.

The offer commenced Sunday morning and has no specific closing date we could find. There s a lot of fine print, too.

At its Worldwide Developer s Conference last week, Apple announced an upgraded operating system (WatchOS 3) coming this fall with a promise from the company s vice president of technology that  your favorite apps should respond instantly.  One of the big beefs with the Apple Watch was its slow response.

A bigger headache for the company is that China reportedly has halted sales of Apple s iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over a patent dispute. According to a report at Forbes, Apple has denied that sales have been stopped:

The reports aren t accurate. Here s our comment: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are all available for sale today in China. We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing IP Court.

Apple is also expected to launch the iPhone 7 in the fall and, as with any technology product, while customers wait for the new device they stop buying the old one.

The offer from Best Buy is meant to counter that, but leading with the Apple Watch is not terribly likely to be an offer customers can t refuse. 
2016-04-19
PC Sales Off to a Terrible Start in 2016, but Apple Inc. Comes Out Ahead Just because things are bad doesn't mean they can't get worse. Two big market research firms are out with their latest estimates of global PC shipments, and the results aren't pretty.

Gartner estimated that PC shipments fell 9.6% in the first quarter of 2016 to a low not seen since 2007. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of declines. IDC estimated an even larger decline of 11.5% year-over-year, slightly worse than the 11.3% drop expected.

While the two reports differ slightly in their estimations, they both agree that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fared better than the rest of the industry. According to Gartner, Apple shipments grew 1% year-over-year during the quarter, while IDC had Apple shipments declining 2.1%.

Apple also appears to be gaining market share, with both reports showing Apple expanding its footprint, even edging out Asus on the IDC list as the #4 biggest vendor. Dell also appeared to be a market share winner, likely powered by its popular XPS laptop line that received rave reviews, as well as an update to the latest Intel Skylake processors earlier this year.

Same song, second verse

The primary driver behind the PC decline remains unchanged -- highly capable smartphones and tablets have reduced the need for consumers to purchase new PCs. This trend extends to emerging markets where people are skipping personal computers and going straight to smartphones.

However, Gartner did offer one reason for the decline that is separate from the larger trend: the strengthening U.S. dollar. As central banks around the world, especially the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, continue to try to weaken their currencies, the U.S. dollar strengthens by comparison. This makes it more expensive for foreigners to purchase U.S. products.

The IDC report also cited global volatility in stocks and commodities as another reason for the decline. Frankly, I'm not exactly sure how this is directly connected to PC sales other than the fact that increased uncertainty could lead consumers to delay big ticket purchases like the family computer.

What about Windows 10?

As the PC market continued to slump last year, all investors heard was, "Just wait for Windows 10 to boost PC sales!" Unfortunately, that has yet to happen.

First, most consumers are still able to upgrade their existing personal computers to Windows 10 for free, so there is less of an incentive to purchase a new PC just to access the latest operating system from Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT).

Second, enterprise users are still testing Windows 10. With that in mind, both IDC and Gartner are upbeat about Windows 10 adoption toward the end of the year. IDC also notes that peak education and corporate spending on new PCs tends to happen during the second quarter.

What does this mean for investors? While the numbers were far from encouraging, they were largely in line with expectations. Going forward, the question is whether we are finally approaching the bottom of the PC market.

IDC believes total business IT spending is still expected to grow in 2016 compared with last year, especially as Windows 10 testing turns into actual adoption and purchases. We should then see some of that flow through to Microsoft's financial results.

Intel should also benefit if the PC industry finally hits bottom and rebounds. However, the company now generates just as much of its profits from server chips as PC chips, so it's more diversified and insulated.

Apple is of course a winner here, but because its Mac sales are only about 10% of its revenue, even outstanding results won't make much of a dent in the shares. What about the other manufacturers? Though Dell is doing well, the company was taken private in 2013. And both reports show that HP (NYSE:HPQ) was the worst performer, so investors should carefully consider any investment with the struggling hardware company. Remember The Apple Watch? Me Neither  Why Apple Is Failing In This Emerging Market Earlier this year when Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had released its first quarter results, the company saw the sales of the iPhone hitting a roadblock for the first time since 2007 as sales stagnated on a year-over-year basis. As such, it seems like Apple has hit a saturation point in its existing markets, which is bad news for investors since the iPhone accounts for two-thirds of Apple's revenue.

As such, Apple needs to explore its prospects in more populous areas where it can aim to capture more market share in the long run rather than focusing on markets where it has already hit a saturation point. In a previous article, we had seen that India is one such market due to the growing usage of premium phones and high population levels. Now, we had seen in that article that Apple is facing challenges in India due to the high-priced nature of the iPhone and the fact that Indians are more focused on saving money, making it difficult for the company to crack this market.

In this article, we will take a closer look at the continent of Africa since it is the second-most populated continent on the Earth. But, is Apple doing well in Africa so as to move the needle in the long run? Let's find out.

Apple's performance in Africa

Apple's popularity does not translate into sales in Africa. This is because as compared to the U.S., Europe or China, Apple faces stiff competition from cheaply-priced phones over here that's preferred by the African public. To understand this better, we will first take a look at iOS market share in South Africa as it is the second-richest country in Africa in terms of purchasing power parity. This is shown in the chart below:

Source: My Broadband

The data in the above chart shows the share of the top five operating systems powering Vodacom-connected smartphones in South Africa. It is a good sample size to get the idea of the market as 13.4 million smart devices are now active on the Vodacom network, which is the biggest cellular operator in South Africa.

Thus, it is quite evident that Android is running away with market share in South Africa. Android's market share has increased from 57.4% in November 2015 to 61.4% in February 2016. On the other hand, Apple's iOS comes third on the chart with a Vodacom network share of 7.9% right now, down from 8% in November 2015. That shows Apple's iOS isn't very popular in South Africa, which is bad news for Apple since the country accounts for the second-largest smartphone shipments in Africa after Nigeria. Now let's explore the reasons why Apple's iPhone is not selling in Africa.

Why Apple doesn't fit here?

As far as the buying decision is concerned, African consumers focus more on practicality than on brand value. This is because the African economy is not very strong due to low GDP per capita. In fact, as shown in the table below, the GDP per capita has been declining by a wide margin in certain countries:

Source

Thus, given the deteriorating economic conditions in Africa, consumers are price sensitive when making purchase decisions. This is a key reason why African consumers are brand agnostic as they are going for affordable phones instead of the more expensive iPhone. For instance, the iPhone 6S 16GB costs R10,199 in South Africa. In comparison, a premium smartphone such as the Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) Galaxy S6, with 32GB, costs a lower R7,899.

Thus, Samsung's offering costs 22% lower than the iPhone, which is a key reason why Apple has been losing market share in the continent. In fact, even Blackberry (NASDAQ:BBRY) has bigger market share than Apple in South Africa. If this is happening in one of the more influential nations in Africa, then the situation in the other markets in the continent won't be any better. In fact, Africa is so small for Apple that the company combines this region's operating performance in Europe.

So, it is quite evident that Apple is missing a huge opportunity in this emerging smartphone market. Let's see why.

Smartphone penetration in Africa

The mobile phone market in Africa is growing fast and is closing in on the 1 billion units mark. By June 2015, there were 910 million mobile phone subscribers in Africa, including the 21 million new subscriptions in the first quarter of the same year.

Now, smartphones account for a substantially high component of the increase in mobile sales in Africa. In fact, it is estimated that in the next three years, feature phones will make up for just 27% of the phone market in Africa as smartphones will continue to grow. Last year, Africa's smartphone shipments are anticipated to have grown to 155 million units, with feature phones witnessing a drop of 20% in the first quarter of the said year.

In fact, as shown in the chart below, the market share of smartphones in Africa is expected to continue growing in the long run:

Source

Thus, it is clear that the projected growth of smartphones in Africa is strong, but Apple is not in a position to capitalize on the same due to its premium branding. Moreover, Apple does not have any budget smartphone for the African market that sells for less than $200. As such, it is very difficult for Apple to capture share in this continent going forward, so the company might miss on the terrific smartphone growth projected here.

Conclusion

In all, the Apple brand is neither too affordable nor too popular in Africa, which is why its market share is not in good health and Africa hasn't proven to be a good market opportunity for the company despite a growing smartphone market.

The Chinese smartphones powered by Android sell below an average price of around $200. Since Apple is currently focused on tapping the premium market segment, which seems to be saturating, it will be unable to capitalize on Africa. 
2016-02-29
Apple Moves Into Mobile Device Management  Apple Inc. Reportedly to Slash iPhone 5s Prices by 50% Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch a successor to the popular iPhone 5s in just under a month known as the iPhone SE. The device, per generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via AppleInsider), is expected to feature substantial hardware upgrades from the iPhone 5s. Indeed, it is said to be essentially an iPhone 6s in a 4-inch form factor, sans the costly 3D Touch feature.

The device is expected to be priced at between $400 and $500 (my bet is on $450 for the variant with 16 gigabytes of storage and $500 for 64 GB) -- quite a nice price for such a fully loaded iPhone.

Perhaps what's more interesting, though, is that Kuo believes that Apple will slash the price of its venerable iPhone 5s by a full 50%. The variant with 16 GB of storage sells for $450 off-contract, with the 32 GB model going for $50 more. A 50% price cut would bring these prices down to $225 and $250, respectively.

Let's take a closer look at what, if true, this might mean for investors.

This is a smart plan to bulk up the installed base

Apple customers tend to be loyal, so it's in the company's best interests to grow its installed base as much as possible. Once these buyers are hooked, there's a good chance they will bring revenue in the future through additional device purchases (iPad, Mac, etc.), upgrades to new iPhones later on, and even use of the company's growing (and lucrative) set of software and services.

The iPhone 5s, though hardly a leading-edge device these days, is a well-built, attractive, and fast device that should serve as a relatively low-cost gateway to the Apple/iOS ecosystem. At this point, it's also probably very cheap for Apple to make as manufacturing yields on this device are certainly quite high and the components inside are so old that Apple can probably acquire them quite cheaply.

Is there much risk of cannibalization?

Perhaps the biggest risk here is that of "cannibalization" of the company's newer large-screen iPhone 6/6s series of devices or even its upcoming 4-inch iPhone SE.

The first thing I should note is that I very much doubt that the iPhone 5s will continue to be offered in mature markets. It's quite likely that these "ultra-cheap" iPhones will be targeted at regions (think emerging markets) in which Apple has very little market segment share due to the high prices of its devices relative to average personal income in those countries.

I would peg cannibalization risk as quite minimal if Apple goes about this properly.

Risk of gross margin erosion?

Another risk that investors might be worried about is the potential gross profit margin erosion that may occur as a result of such a price cut. After all, an iPhone 5s sold at $450 is certainly going to bring in far more gross profit dollars than an iPhone 5s sold at just $225.

However, if Apple sees a substantial surge in demand for the devices, the incremental unit shipments (particularly in regions where iPhones are simply inaccessible) could be enough to allow for at least a similar amount of total gross profit dollars (gross profit per unit multiplied by number of units) even if per-unit margins are lower.

With that in mind, even if Apple doesn't sell enough incremental units to make up for the lost per-unit margins, it could justify this as a longer-term bet (installed base/user acquisition) that won't pay off until sometime down the road. Such a move obviously carries risk, but I doubt the decision makers at Apple will implement such a move without carefully weighing the benefits and risks.

If true, a good move from Apple

I think that a significant price cut on the iPhone 5s sold into certain, strategic regions makes quite a lot of sense. It's imperative that the company grow its installed base and raise awareness of its brand in markets where iPhones sold at today's prices are simply inaccessible.

By employing this strategy -- rather than developing targeted "low-cost" products -- Apple can sell what is undeniably a high-quality (if somewhat dated) product at an entry-level price point. No compromise of Apple's fundamental principles required. What Apple's Dividend Increases Will Look Like At Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) shareholder meeting last week Tim Cook reiterated that it was committed to raising its dividend on an annual basis. I have been writing since December 2012 that the company would have planned to increase its dividend on a yearly basis when it presented the plan to the Board. Since Apple began its dividend program in the September 2012 quarter it has paid out $38.7 billion in dividends of which $2.97 billion was in the December 2015 quarter.

Apple's dividend history, cost and US-based cash

Apple restarted paying dividends in the September 2012 quarter (it paid a dividend from May 1987 to November 1995) at a rate of $1.51 per year which increased:

15.1% to $1.74 per year in the June 2013 quarter

7.9% to $1.88 per year in the June 2014 quarter

10.6% to $2.08 per year in the June 2015 quarter

One of the constraints Apple has in increasing its dividend is how much cash it generates in the US every year. For a US-based company it must use US cash, US-generated cash or debt to pay its dividends and buy back stock. Apple generated $13.3 billion, $20.5 billion and $18.1 billion of US cash in fiscal 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively. It paid out $10.6 billion, $11.1 billion and $11.6 billion in dividends in those years, respectively, so it was left with $2.7 billion, $9.4 billion and $6.5 billion in excess US cash to help with its buybacks.

What 10% to 12% yearly dividend increases look like

Apple generates enough US cash to cover its dividend and buy back some stock, but it isn't generating an excessive amount of US cash. The company has taken on $63 billion in debt and used all of its $43 billion in US cash that it had in December 2012 to buy back $110 billion of its stock. After paying dividends and using $4 billion of the US cash it has generated over three years the company only has $15.9 billion in US cash. When it is netted against the company's debt it has a negative $47.3 billion in US cash.

At 10% to 12% percentage increases over the next three years its dividend would be:

$0.58 per quarter or $2.32 per year would be a 11.5% increase and the stock's yield would be 2.4% at its current $96.91 price

$0.64 per quarter or $2.56 per year would be a 10.3% increase and the stock's yield would be 2.6%

$0.71 per quarter or $2.84 per year would be a 10.9% increase and the stock's yield would be 2.9%

If Apple buys back between 4% and 5% of its stock for the next three years in fiscal 2017 it would "cost" the company $13.8 billion in dividends. It should be able to comfortably generate this amount of US cash each year, let's say $22 billion, but that would only leave it with about $8 billion to buy back stock. It could take on more debt but at some point in time Apple will be limited in how much debt it can take on or it may resort to bringing some of its offshore cash back and pay extra taxes in the process. Of course if US tax laws change so that the tax impact is less then I would expect Apple to bring back onshore as much cash as possible.

Source: Apple

Apple is a bit stingy compared to other tech companies

Apple's payout ratio per dividend.com is 23% based on the current yearly dividend of $2.08 and EPS of $9.02 (Apple reported EPS of $9.22 for fiscal 2015 and $9.41 for calendar 2015) so its payout ratio is 23% and 22%, respectively. If the company were to increase its yearly dividend to the $2.84 outlined above, its payout ratio would only increase to 31% on fiscal 2015's EPS. Assuming that Apple's earnings increase the payout ratio would be lower. However, again, since Apple will probably continue to buy back shares it will be limited in how much US cash it generates so the payout ratio can be misleading.

Compared to most other tech companies' dividends Apple's yield and payout ratio is lower:

Cisco's (NASDAQ:CSCO) yield is 3.9% with a payout ratio of 61% (based on its new $0.26 per quarter dividend)

HP's (NYSE:HPQ) printers and PCs business (HPQ) yield is 6.6% with a payout ratio of 44%

Hewlett-Packard Enterprise's (NYSE:HPE) business yield is 1.6% with a payout ratio of 12%

IBM's (NYSE:IBM) yield is 3.9% with a payout ratio of 39%

Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) yield is 3.5% with a payout ratio of 43%

Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) yield is 2.8% with a payout ratio of 53%

Oracle's (NYSE:ORCL) yield is 1.6% with a payout ratio of 25%

Expect Apple to stay on a steady stream of dividend increases

I believe Apple is in a better position than most, if not all, of these tech companies and won't increase its dividend enough to catch up to their yields unless its stock price decreases more than it has. The company generates enough US cash to have yearly increases, which is one of the criteria many investment funds look for when buying a company's stock. It would take approximately eight years with 10% yearly dividend increases for it to cost the company $22 billion in dividend payments, so it looks like the company is on solid footing.

*Image Source: Reuters

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Sand Hill Insights and Chuck Jones is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. Readers are advised that the material contained herein should be used solely for informational purposes. Sand Hill Insights/Chuck Jones does not purport to tell or suggest which investment securities readers should buy or sell. Readers should conduct their own research and due diligence and obtain professional advice before making investment decision. Sand Hill Insights/Chuck Jones will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by information obtained in our materials. Readers are solely responsible for their own investment decisions. 
2016-07-26
To Apple, Inc.'s Tim Cook: What's After iPhone? On Tuesday, after market close, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to report a 15% year-over-year decline in revenue -- even steeper than the company's 13% decline in Q2. And it's not just analysts expecting this significant decline; management is anticipating a decline in revenue about in line with analysts' expectations.

What's most concerning, however, is not the expected decline itself, but the fact that it is expected to be driven by falling iPhone sales. As Apple faces headwinds in its largest and most profitable segment, investors are likely increasingly interested in where the Cupertino-based company will turn for growth next. Sure, there's a chance iPhone can return to growth in the coming years. But two quarters in a row of year-over-year declines in Apple's iPhone segment suggests growth may not come as easy in the future.

So, what comes after iPhone, Cook?

Electric cars?

One area Apple could turn to next is fully electric cars -- a market arguably dominated by Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) today. Entering the electric vehicle market would make sense for Apple for several reasons, including the sheer size of the overall auto market and how rapidly fully electric vehicles with 200 miles or more of driving range are growing in popularity with consumers. The optimistic response to Tesla's unveiling of its $35,000 Model 3 in March, which generated 373,000 deposit-backed reservations less than a month later, previews the potential demand for a compelling electric vehicle -- and this demand was generated without any paid advertising or major push from the company to drive reservations.

Of course, it's no secret that Apple is exploring the possibility of bringing an electric car to market. Indeed, several reputable media outlets have repeatedly reported Apple has already decided it will eventually launch an electric car of its own. Apple's electric vehicle initiatives are known in the ever-active Apple rumor mill as Project Titan -- and they are well under way according to many reports.

The most recent report about Apple's Project Titan comes from The Wall Street Journal.

"Apple Inc. has tapped a highly regarded senior executive who helped bring to market many of Apple's signature products to oversee its fledgling automobile project," The Journal's Daisuke Wakabayashi said on Monday, citing "people familiar with the matter."

Apple's former executive Bob Mansfield, who has formerly led the company's hardware engineering for the MacBook Air, iMac, and iPad, has returned to a day-to-day position to run Apple's "autonomous, electric-vehicle initiative," according to the Journal. He had stepped down from the executive team in 2013, working instead on Apple's special projects team and serving as an advisor to the company.

The Journal's sources also notably said there are "hundreds of employees working on the project," including "veterans from the automobile industry as well as experts in battery technology and autonomous driving."

No guarantees

Clearly, Apple is up to something with electric cars. However, as one of the world's most competitive markets, made difficult by high barriers to entry and requirements for billions of dollars of capital expenditures to gain any traction, bringing an electric vehicle to market is easier said than done. Even hundreds of Apple engineers and a $233 billion war chest doesn't guarantee success.

However, while Apple could fail to follow through with its electric vehicle plans, shareholders are probably more willing than ever to lend an ear to the idea that the tech giant is working on something big in a totally new market following the company's recent revenue growth challenges. This is why when Apple reports third-quarter results on Tuesday, I'll be listening closely to see if Cook teases any "new products" in the same manner he previewed the Apple Watch before its unveiling, when he said during an All Things Digital interview that the "wrist is interesting" and that he saw wearables as another "key branch of the tree."

Chances are Cook won't say anything that even remotely hints at an electric-car. Rumors suggest an Apple electric vehicle could be as many as five years out. So, Apple executives will likely continue to remain silent on the subject. But investors can at least look for some sort of overview from management on how the company intends to respond to headwinds for iPhone sales growth.

But, who knows, maybe Cook will finally give investors a teaser of new products on Tuesday during the company's question-and-answer session for its third-quarter earnings release. Apple Reports Third Quarter Results This press release contains forward-looking statements including without limitation those about the Company s estimated revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income/(expense), and tax rate. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ. Risks and uncertainties include without limitation the effect of competitive and economic factors, and the Company s reaction to those factors, on consumer and business buying decisions with respect to the Company s products; continued competitive pressures in the marketplace; the ability of the Company to deliver to the marketplace and stimulate customer demand for new programs, products, and technological innovations on a timely basis; the effect that product introductions and transitions, changes in product pricing or mix, and/or increases in component costs could have on the Company s gross margin; the inventory risk associated with the Company s need to order or commit to order product components in advance of customer orders; the continued availability on acceptable terms, or at all, of certain components and services essential to the Company s business currently obtained by the Company from sole or limited sources; the effect that the Company s dependency on manufacturing and logistics services provided by third parties may have on the quality, quantity or cost of products manufactured or services rendered; risks associated with the Company s international operations; the Company s reliance on third-party intellectual property and digital content; the potential impact of a finding that the Company has infringed on the intellectual property rights of others; the Company s dependency on the performance of distributors, carriers and other resellers of the Company s products; the effect that product and service quality problems could have on the Company s sales and operating profits; the continued service and availability of key executives and employees; war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, and other circumstances that could disrupt supply, delivery, or demand of products; and unfavorable results of legal proceedings. More information on potential factors that could affect the Company s financial results is included from time to time in the  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  sections of the Company s public reports filed with the SEC, including the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2015, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 26, 2015, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 26, 2016, and its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 25, 2016 to be filed with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple s four software platforms   iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS   provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Apple Inc orders 16-episode Carpool Karaoke series from CBS for Apple Music ... CBS Corp. will produce a TV series based on its popular late-night Carpool Karaoke skit for Apple Inc. s online music service, the latest sign of technology giant s growing appetite for original video.

The series will consist of 16 episodes, each with a celebrity riding along with a to-be-announced host, the companies said Tuesday in a statement. New episodes will debut weekly for Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. They didn t announce a start date but said production would begin soon.

Carpool Karaoke is a popular segment on CBS   The Late Late Show with James Corden,  in which the host drives around singing karaoke with celebrities like First Lady Michelle Obama and singer Stevie Wonder.

Related

Apple is investing in video to help its music service attract customers and stand out from Spotify and YouTube. The company previously said it would release a video series set in the world of apps and a series based on the life of hip-hop mogul Dr. Dre.

Carpool Karaoke has been a big hit on the Internet, with more than 830 million views on YouTube since its debut a year ago. A clip with Adele drew 119 million views in six months

 It s a perfect fit for Apple Music   bringing subscribers exclusive access to their favourite artists and celebrities who come along for the ride,  said Eddy Cue, Apple s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services.

Bloomberg News Put Options Pick Up Ahead of Crucial Apple Inc. (AAPL) Earnings Report is set to report earnings after the close, ahead of tomorrow morning's reports from another pair of blue-chip stocks . The event will be crucial for AAPL shareholders, who have watched the Dow stock wind its way lower over the past year. Meanwhile, ahead of earnings, options traders are busy, especially on the put side of the aisle.Diving right in, put options are crossing at nearly double their usual intraday rate. Most active is the weekly 7/29 95 strike, where it appears traders are buying to open contracts in the hopes AAPL will drop below $95 by this Friday's close, when the series expires.Slightly longer-term traders, meanwhile, are targeting the critical $100 century level , with a mix of buy- and sell-to-open activity detected at the August 100 call, based on data from the International Securities Exchange (ISE). In short, the buyers believe AAPL will finally break through this recent area of congestion, while the sellers hope resistance holds over the next four weeks.Longer term, it's the call buyers who have been in control. According to data at the ISE, Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), traders have bought to open 1.79 AAPL calls for every put over the last 10 sessions -- a ratio that ranks in the 81st annual percentile.At the same time, short sellers have been hitting the exits. During the past two reporting periods, short interest declined almost 46%, and just 1% of AAPL's float is sold short. Elsewhere, the brokerage crowd remains upbeat, sporting 26 "buy" or better ratings against a mere five "hold" or worse recommendations.This collective optimism could spell trouble if AAPL comes up short on the earnings stage, as it has recently. In the session following the company's April and January reports, the stock lost 6.3% and 6.6%, respectively. A repeat performance could reinvigorate short sellers, and/or force bullish traders and analysts to the exits , which could exacerbate technical pressure. Interestingly, though, expectations are relatively muted ahead of the big event, as the Dow stock's 30-day at-the-money implied volatility of 24.5% is the lowest it's been ahead of an earnings report over the past eight quarters, according to Trade-Alert Turning once more to technicals, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been anything but impressive. At $97.39, the stock has surrendered one-fifth of its value over the past year, and as alluded to earlier, is staring up at round-number resistance at the 100 strike . Potentially reinforcing this overhead speed bump is AAPL's historically significant 40-week moving average, which turned back rally attempts late last year and in April.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. Hedging Apple Ahead Of Earnings  Apple Soars Most in 18 Months as Cheaper IPhone SE Catches on Apple Inc. s lower-cost iPhone SE is gaining more traction than expected with users, tempering a sales decline and soothing investors  concerns about growth. The shares rose the most in 18 months.

The $399 handset garnered a healthy dose of criticism when it was unveiled in March. It was still too expensive to be attractive in emerging markets, and had the potential to reduce profitability in developed economies because customers would prefer it to more expensive, higher-margin models, nay-saying analysts said at the time.

Yet the SE proved to be a bright spot in the company s earnings report Tuesday. Though the company forecast sales would fall for a third consecutive quarter, the $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion range for the current period was better than most analysts estimated. The revenue decline in the three months that ended in June was also smaller than projected, in part thanks to consumers embracing the new phone model.

Apple s shares rose as much as 7.9 percent to $104.35 Wednesday morning in New York. It was the biggest intraday jump since January 2015 and brought the stock to the highest since April. Apple was the third-largest gainer on the Standard &Poor s 500 Index.

 Good things happen when people expect nothing,  said Amit Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets who estimates that the SE accounted for 23 percent of total iPhone sales.  The numbers aren t getting any worse and we re getting into a new iPhone cycle soon." A new flagship model should improve the company s financial performance, he added.

Weathering a Slowdown

Cupertino, California-based Apple, which gets more than half its revenue from the iPhone, has felt the impact of a cooling global smartphone market particularly keenly. The shares have lost more than a fifth of their value in the past year amid mounting concerns about the slowdown. Growth in the smartphone industry will slow to 3.1 percent this year, down from 11 percent last year and 28 percent in 2014, according to researcher IDC. Against that backdrop, analysts were surprised by Apple s positive forecast, which gave them reason for optimism about the company s flagship product, even before an expected major design overhaul in 2017.

 The customer demand for our products was significantly stronger than we had anticipated at the beginning of the quarter,  Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in an interview.  We were not able to fulfill iPhone SE demand throughout the quarter. We have now been able to put in enough capacity to provide sufficient supply for the next quarter. 

The risk is that propping up revenue with the cheaper handset comes at the expense of Apple s unparalleled smartphone profit margins. The average price for iPhones in the recent period fell to $595, from $660 a year earlier, reflecting the rise in popularity of the less expensive device. Gross margin in the fourth quarter will be 37.5 percent to 38 percent of revenue, narrower than the 38.3 percent analysts had predicted on average, and smaller than the 39.9 percent margin of the year-earlier quarter.

Tapering profitability may not extend beyond the fourth quarter, when Apple will unveil a new iteration of the iPhone, tentatively dubbed iPhone 7. Unlike the SE, whose features are less advanced than the 6S and 6S Plus models released in 2015, each flagship iPhone upgrade has traditionally spurred revenue growth with profit margins closer to 40 percent.

Challenges in China have driven much of Apple s revenue decline in the past year. Revenue from greater China dropped by a third in the recent period as Apple lost market share to local competitors offering much cheaper devices with growing capabilities. Apple was nonetheless able to boost iPhone sales in emerging economies such as Brazil, India and Russia, as well as Japan. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said the company s sales in China are usually strongest right after an upgraded iPhone is unveiled.

 Our share in China tends to peak during launch windows,  Cook said on a conference call with analysts.  There s a higher high and a lower low. 

Preparations for the iPhone 7 reduced Apple s cash reserves to $232 billion, just short of the level in March. Research and development spending also jumped by more than a quarter from the same period a year ago to $2.6 billion.

The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter.

The increasingly saturated Chinese market has shifted Apple s focus to India as its next source of growth. Revenue jumped 51 percent there in the first nine months of the year. Cook visited the 1.2 billion person country in May in an effort to foster relationships with local power brokers and seek approval to open local retail stores. He opened a 4,000 employee office in Hyderabad to develop mapping products.

Watch Next: Apple Deals With iPhone Slowdown

 We re looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road, and we see huge potential for that vibrant country,  Cook said Tuesday. Apple reports Q3 earnings per share $1.42  Apple says Apple music will be global home of CBS's new Carpool Karaoke series  Apple buys new "carpool karaoke" series from CBS -CNBC  
2016-06-27
Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Teardown Will Be Non-Event for Intel Corp. Stock On a recent episode of Mad Money, well-known stock market commentator Jim Cramer gave a quick take on Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) during the Lightning Round portion of the show. Here's what he had to say:

"Unless they get a lot of Apple business, I think it's just going to tread water. It really needs to have an all new customer, and split the company into two. And I'm not sure it's going to do that."

In a previous column, I already explained why it would be a very bad idea for Intel to split into two. However, I believe the notion that Intel needs to gain "a lot of Apple business" in order to drive a significantly higher stock price also seems to miss the point.

What Apple business could Intel vie for, exactly?

First of all, Apple is already a major customer of Intel's. Every new MacBook sold today contains an Intel-made processor, Intel-made chipset, and in some cases, and Intel-made Thunderbolt controller. Apple's Mac volumes aren't enormous relative to the PC market as a whole, but Apple tends to buy higher priced chips than most other PC makers do as Apple's Macs are premium systems.

Intel is likely bringing in several billion dollars in annual revenue from the iDevice maker.

The business that I suspect that Cramer is referring to is the Apple modem business. It has been widely reported that Intel will supply some portion of the modems in the next generation iPhone. The exact allocation isn't publicly known, but I wouldn't be surprised to see Intel nab about 30% of the orders. I would call this "a lot," considering that Intel's share in that product line has been 0% for years now.

Is this the sort of thing that's going to move Intel stock? No.

Intel is an extremely large corporation; with more than $55 billion in annual revenue and a market capitalization of approximately $150 billion, moving the needle -- both revenue wise and market cap wise -- is plain tough.

Apple sells around 200 million iPhones per year. Let's suppose from here on out, Intel grabs 30% unit share and manages to sell modems to Apple at $15 a pop. Let's also assume that gross profit margins on these are around 35%.

The annual revenue run rate here, assuming Intel is able to supply about 30% of Apple's modem needs in perpetuity, works out to around $900 million. The total gross profit contribution under these assumptions would be just $315 million.

Intel expects its tax rate over the next several quarters to be approximately 22%, so an Apple modem win should be worth approximately $0.05/share in earnings. 13.43 times that -- Intel's current earnings per share multiple -- translates into around $0.67 per share in value.

Also keep in mind that whether or not Intel is inside of the iPhone, Intel has already given financial guidance for the full year. If Intel is inside of the new phone, then this fact, along with the latest demand forecast from Apple, is already baked into the share price.

I contend that this fall's iPhone tear-down will be a complete non-event for Intel stock. Apple, Inc.'s iPhone Sales May Get Slammed -- but I Don't Care As Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) third fiscal quarter of 2016 comes to a close at the end of this month, many analysts will begin forecasting the tech giant's iPhone sales for the quarter. Representing 65% of sales, it's no wonder the figure is closely analyzed. Apple's iPhone segment is, without question, the most important facet of Apple's results.

So, how many iPhones can investors expect Apple to deliver this quarter?

Another year-over-year decline?

In its third fiscal quarter of last year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) delivered 47.5 million iPhones. Ideally, then, it would be nice for Apple to outperform this figure in the third quarter of this year. But it's not looking like this will happen. Indeed, Apple looks poised to report its second quarter in a row of declining iPhone sales on a year-over-year basis -- a trajectory Apple inventors aren't used to.

The best evidence investors have that Apple will report yet another quarter of declining iPhone sales is Apple's guidance, which forecasts about a 16% year-over-year decline in total revenue. Given that the iPhone represents the bulk of Apple's sales, Apple management wouldn't guide for such a steep decline in total revenue if it expected year-over-year iPhone sales growth.

Still, it doesn't require a look at Apple's guidance to put a finger on the company's trajectory of declining iPhone sales this year. Unit sales were already down substantially in Q2, declining 16.3% from the year-ago quarter. It's clear, therefore, that Apple's iPhone 6s cycle is facing some headwinds -- at least when compared to the year-ago iPhone 6 cycle.

How many iPhones could Apple sell this quarter? One simple way to make an estimate is to apply the company's expected decline in total revenue to Apple's iPhone unit sales, as iPhone sales are, after all, a key driver of the direction of the company's total revenue. This would put iPhone unit sales at about 40 million, down from 47.5 million in the year-ago quarter.

Expecting such a big decline, should investors be concerned about Apple's business? Not necessarily.

It's too early to say Apple's business is in decline

Sure, total revenue is declining in the near term. But investors shouldn't peg Apple as a business in decline yet.

Some bigger-picture context helps illustrate why Apple's iPhone business is doing just fine.

The monster iPhone 6 cycle simply makes for a very tough comparison for the iPhone 6s cycle. The iPhone 6, or last year's flagship phone, was a blockbuster success. In the first fiscal quarter of 2015, iPhone unit sales soared a whopping 46% -- and this was up from a quarter of record iPhone sales. As Apple's first foray into smartphones with displays larger than four inches, customers continued to buy iPhones in record numbers throughout the year as they eagerly snapped up flagship iPhones with new form factors. iPhone sales were up 40% and 35%, year over year, in Apple's 2015 fiscal Q2 and Q3, respectively. With this huge growth in iPhone unit sales in Apple's recent history, it's easy to see why the company is struggling to post strong growth this year.

So, Apple's iPhone business is far from struggling. Unit sales are still significantly higher than they were two to three years ago; for instance, Apple sold just 35.2 million iPhone units in the third quarter of 2014 and 32.2 million units in the same quarter of 2014. Further, Apple is still commanding a premium price for its smartphones as it basks in unparalleled customer loyalty, suggesting the tech giant's overall customer base is sticking around. The iPhone 6s, therefore, is a success -- but it has simply been overshadowed by the success of the iPhone 6's flagship year. Apple Pay's Tough 20 Months Some users love it but many say that they don t use the service because they have   and use   alternatives that they say they consider just as easy and convenient to use.

The percent of people who use the service more than once has fallen from its peak a year ago, and is now sharply lower than what had been seen at launch.

In the mood for a little role play today?

Your head of product walks into your office with his end of quarter report for one of your flagship services. This service was positioned as a critical feature in driving demand for other products and services in the company s portfolio. It s been nearly two years   20 months to be precise   since it was launched after significant investments in engineering, marketing and promotion

At launch, the service was positioned as an innovative replacement for a well-entrenched standard considered not well-suited for a mobile and digital world. The goal was to jumpstart a massive ecosystem-wide effort to drive adoption by persuading consumers that this service was superior to existing alternatives. You enlisted a lot of partners to help in this shared goal of getting consumers to try and then use repeatedly.

Twenty months later, here s the update from your head of product.

Adoption: The number of people who ve tried the service once has tripled since launch. But, that has less to do with massive waves of enthusiasm for the service and more to do with it simply being made more broadly available and people having had more time to try, so it makes sense that more people are giving it a whirl. But adoption has also plateaued over the last two quarters, which is a bit concerning.

Frequency of Usage: The percent of people who use the service more than once has fallen from its peak a year ago, and is now sharply lower than what had been seen at launch. After you take into account both who has adopted the service, and how often people who have adopted it use it, the numbers have barely moved over 20 months: roughly speaking, only one person in 20 who have the service use it when they can, 19 out of 20 people who have the service don t even bother.

Consumer Feedback: Some users love it but many say that they don t use the service because they have   and use   alternatives that they say they consider just as easy and convenient to use. The general sentiment is more like  why bother changing  or  I like what I m already using better.  Preference over the existing standard has yet to be established   pretty essential to getting widespread adoption and use.

Win-back Potential: Over the last 20 months, the fraction of people who say they rarely consider using it again has increased by 50 percent and now represents a third of those who ve tried and used the product.

As you cradle your head in your hands and begin polishing up your LinkedIn profile, you wonder how this could have happened.

Isn t this the service, you say, that everyone said was transformative   a total reinvention of the status quo in the space, truly well positioned to shake it up and leave the competition totally flat-footed   the service that we told our investors and partners they d be nuts to bet against? And the service that just last year everyone said was taking off and leaving everyone else in the dust?

Yep, that would be this service, your head of product says. But the data unfortunately tell a different story. Quarter after quarter and this one, in particular, is more dismal than the last.

This, everyone, is the Apple Pay story, 20 months post-launch.

Working with our partner, InfoScout, we fielded our latest quarterly consumer study of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay adoption and usage in early June and just completed our analysis. We now have observations every quarter since the launch of Apple Pay. Each survey covers more than 4k consumers for that quarter. We are pretty precise with the questions we ask, and of whom. The consumers we survey have the right iPhones and are shopping at merchants that have NFC terminals and accept Apple Pay. We don t ask consumers what they do or what they might do when it comes time to checking out. We observe how they pay and then ask them why   or why they didn t   use Apple Pay after each transaction. So there s nothing hypothetical about any of this. It is about what people do   in fact, when they can do it   in fact.

Here s what we ve learned after 20 months of observing their behavior.

After all of the hype, after all of the investments by Apple and the entirety of the ecosystem of payments to drive adoption and usage, after all of the declarations at launch that Apple Pay was the mobile wallet that would rule them all, Apple Pay just hasn t taken off.

Now, before you call me out for being too harsh, it s not nearly half as harsh as the reality of how eligible users view Apple Pay today.

More than a third of Apple Pay s best prospects   those early adopters who always carry innovation across the chasm to ignition   rarely think about using it anymore   a stat that is two times higher than it was 20 months ago. And, those who once used Apple Pay every chance they had to use it has shrunk more than half.

And don t get excited about the  whenever I remember  because as we will soon see those people just don t remember very often, and that s a big problem.

Cupertino, you have some big problems with Apple Pay and they aren t getting any better.



Apple s been  mum s the word  on Apple Pay stats and has been since the very beginning. So, since they aren t saying much, here s the rest of the Apple Pay story based on the latest round of survey data and now with a nearly two-year-old data series.

PLEASE GIVE ME A TRY!

Let s start with some good news, sort of.

Apple Pay total adoption is up   as defined by the total number of people in the U.S. who ve tried it once. That s not surprising.

Source: PYMNTS.com/InfoScout 2016

More people own iPhone 6/6S phones now, so the pool of potential users is larger   as are the number of places that it can be used. NFC penetration at launch was 15 large retailers  stores and some 200k merchant locations. Today, Apple says that number is north of 2 million worldwide, some 1 million in the U.S. (Of course, in reality at most of the places in the U.S. where people spend money, you can t use Apple Pay because they still have not turned on NFC. Apple s numbers also include vending machines where they are getting traction, but that s not exactly big bucks.)

Unfortunately, the fact that more people are using Apple Pay because there are more iPhone 6 users and more places to use it is the end of the good news. People who haven t tried Apple Pay say they re satisfied with what they re using today   which in the day and age of EMV chip cards and dipping and waiting, is, frankly, surprising. (And, if there was ever an endorsement for EMV, I guess this is it.) But that s the reality.

Nearly 50 percent of those consumers say that they like other things better   cash and/or cards and/or products that offer rewards. Fewer people appear to know about Apple Pay this go round, which also makes sense since there are fewer of those multimillion dollar ad campaigns to remind them to give it a try.

GO AHEAD, USE ME (AND MORE THAN ONCE   PLEASE?)

Twenty months later, the Apple Pay story isn t that consumers don t know they can use Apple Pay, or whether the store they re in accepts it, or that they aren t sure how to use it.

It s that they don t want to.

That s an insight that we first observed in March 2016, but it appears to be more than an aberrant data point.

One time usage hasn t converted to repeat usage even though Apple Pay can be used now in more places than it could at launch and more people are able to use it. More than a third of those early adopters more or less say that they  rarely  use it anymore. And the percentage of those users who say they use it every time they can, has fallen by 50 percent since launch.

After a high point in October 2015, repeat usage has settled into the 4 percent range of eligible users   people with the right phones (has Apple Pay) using it at the right merchants (has NFC). That means that 19 out of every 20 people who could use Apple Pay, don t.

If anything should be keeping the Apple Pay folks up at night, these series of stats should do it.

Because   and we all know how these platform ecosystems work   if there s nothing compelling enough to engage consumers, there s nothing compelling enough to engage merchants. That s death for platform ignition   and ultimately platforms  unless things change.

Oh wait, I forgot, there is some other good news.

The banks that were miffed about paying 15 basis points for each transaction haven t had to pay all that much over the last 20 months.

So there s that.

Of course, this isn t how Apple wanted this chapter of the story to be written. But is why Apple says very little about Apple Pay performance.

The bottom line doesn t sync with their storyline.

BUT THERE S ALWAYS THE WEB!!!!

OK, you say, Apple knows this too, which is why they ve moved to the WEB!!!!!! That will fix everything!!!!!!!!

All of the Monday morning quarterbacks 20 months later   once so bullish on Apple Pay   now say that in-store payments is just too hard so no wonder things with Apple Pay are  slow.  There s no problem to solve there and consumers  habits are hard to break. The web is where there are problems to be solved and where Apple Pay, wisely, is moving to solve a problem that truly exists for consumers.

Blah, blah, blah. It s just another me-too move with the usual Apple hurdles thrown into the mix.

In addition to needing Apple devices   iPhones that support Apple Pay and Macs   consumers have to use the Safari browser to use Apple Pay. Safari accounts for roughly 5 percent of search on the web. Four percent usage of Apple Pay of a 5 percent Safari browser universe isn t much of a market for merchants to get jazzed about. The only thing Apple didn t do was require users to wear Apple-branded gear while checking out.

Who knows, that could be next.

But let s say that everyone who could use it and powered through the Apple Pay list of requirements for transacting on the web did. Apple Pay is also now last in line on the web behind PayPal, Visa Checkout, MasterPass, Amazon, Walmart Pay on Walmart.com and soon Chase Pay, who all do one thing that Apple does not: They work across operating systems and browsers. That means that Apple Pay must convince users to switch away from something that they like and use today across all of the channels they shop to use Apple Pay.

Provided, of course, they use the Safari browser and have their iPhones handy so that with Touch ID they can authenticate themselves.

So how did one of the most powerful technology companies in the world miss this mark so badly?

Let me reprise a few themes that we ve been talking about since the very first day of Apple Pay s launch when we swam against the conventional wisdom tide and raised concerns about Apple s ability to ignite Apple Pay.

Solving The Wrong Problem

Apple Pay is a slick use of the technology   there is no question about it. The card provisioning is elegant, the user experience secure, the tap-and-go a magical experience. The problem is that Apple Pay didn t really solve much of a problem for anyone, including the technology enthusiasts who never really had a problem checking out in a store but just like new technology-driven experiences.

Pulling out a plastic card at checkout may not be what the cool kids think we should be doing at checkout in a store, but it works   and it works everywhere in the world (as does cash   but let s set that aside for now). Now, some of you may think I m totally wrong, and that paying with plastic is clunky, but unfortunately for Apple, most people with iPhones agree with me   and those are the votes that count.

Today, even our early adopter, iPhone 6-toting consumers tell us, swipe and even dip work pretty darn well and on just about every measure, they say that their experience with alternatives   cards and cash   is as easy and convenient as their use of Apple Pay. These consumers even say that there s no real difference with respect to speed at checkout, which in addition to being surprising is perhaps the biggest endorsement of EMV yet.

No problem to solve plus not many places that consumers visit regularly enough to develop a habit equals a lack of certainty on the part of the consumer that introduces friction when checking out. So consumers do what consumers have always done: stick with cards and cash, the stuff that checks the box when the consumer simply wants to check out.

Now, there are problems to be solved when consumers are availing themselves of the physical store channel, and some big ones at some of the places that they visit frequently. And for that we have our mobile payments trailblazer, Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX), to thank for opening our eyes to that problem and the use of mobile payments to solve for it. Mobile order ahead is crushing it for them and lots of other places, too.

Mobile payments can solve real problems for consumers looking to eliminate the friction of transacting in a physical store   like standing and waiting in line to order and then standing and waiting in another line to get food, making sure that that the size and color shoes that a consumer wants are in stock and available for her to pick up and wear on her hot dinner date that same night, or checking that consumer in when she arrives and pairing her to her digital account so that at checkout all of her coupons and gift cards and offers are ready to be applied to her total.

But Apple fell for the siren song of NFC and tap is better than a swipe or a dip   and forgetting one very important thing: more than consumers might love the magic of tap and pay, they hate uncertainty. Apple Pay introduced uncertainty into a checkout experience in-store where there wasn t any before and didn t add any value beyond what consumers thought that their existing products did for them in an equally acceptable way.

The proof point is that 19 of 20 people who can use Apple Pay to checkout in a store that accepts it   and used it once so they have the card provisioned in Apple Pay all ready to go and know how to use it   do not use Apple Pay.

DEVELOPING A DEVICE-FIRST, NOT APP-FIRST STRATEGY

Apple also fell hard for the EMV-is-going-to-take-over-the-world strategy in 2 to 3 years, and with EMV comes NFC right on its heels.

As we re seeing, EMV testing and certification has created more than a few bottlenecks in just getting EMV up and running. Some merchant segments   those in QSR where people do go every day and develop payments habits   have said they may even consider ditching it entirely and leapfrog to mobile and apps that provide more value to their consumers and themselves along with a secure way to transact.

By imposing constraints on both sides of their platform and introducing dynamics that they have no control over at the point of sale, Apple has limited its ability to get the critical mass needed on either side to get ignition. Consumers had to buy a particular phone and want to activate Apple Pay   only 3 percent of iPhone 6 users say that Apple Pay played a role in why they bought an iPhone 6/6S. Merchants had to accept NFC   a number that is increasing but is totally dependent on the merchant s interest in activating the spec. One can t work without the other, and those mutual interdependencies have worked against Apple Pay   at least so far.

IGNORING THE BASIC MECHANICS OF PLATFORM IGNITION

In the Evans and Schmalensee bestselling business book,  Matchmakers,  they tell a great story about OpenTable and how it almost crashed and burned.

Out of the gate, OpenTable tried to be everywhere all at once. At launch, they had a few restaurants in a bunch of big cities and an app that gave consumers everywhere the ability to make a reservation. The problem they faced was that they lacked any critical mass anywhere. A hungry party of 4 in Austin didn t really care if a great restaurant in Chicago had a few tables available on Saturday night at 7.

OpenTable retrenched and instead concentrated on building a critical mass of consumers and restaurants in cities that then gave them the ability to expand with a critical mass of both in tow. It s what Facebook did when it launched at college after college, it s what Uber has done city by city, it s what Walmart Pay is doing with the ignition of Walmart Pay in waves of stores across the country, it s what PayPal has done in working its way down the list of Internet Retailer 100 to gain acceptance online.

But not Apple Pay.

Apple Pay went broad and shallow   everywhere but nowhere users could use it in enough places to establish a habit. Having acceptance in a few prestigious national retailers that consumers visit once or twice a year coupled with a few fast food restaurants here and there that consumers also visit intermittently didn t deliver enough density in any one place to drive usage and habituation in all of the places that matter.

And they re following the exact same strategy on the web.

UNDERESTIMATING THE VALUE OF TIME AS A CURRENCY

Some people are defensive that Apple Pay didn t take off like a rocket ship and cause a massive mobile payments revolution. A few of the ones I ve encountered  and this is getting to be a standard line in the media coverage now   are now singing the  it will take time  song with respect to Apple Pay, ignoring the fact that in platform land, time can be a platform s worst enemy. The longer it takes for a critical mass of users to be developed, the more time that competitors, already with a head start, have to double down and put some distance between them and the platform contender.

That s where Apple Pay is today. In payments, Apple s embrace of a technology in-store that will take a long time to roll out, and on the web with a browser-centric strategy that few people use, has the potential to only put them further behind those whose platform, device, operating system and channel-agnostic approaches give them more time to leverage their existing assets to extend their lead.

And a lead that brings with it solving more than just  checking out  using a mobile payment app branded Apple Pay.

WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?

Apple is in an interesting spot right now, with Apple Pay, and as a company overall. As I ve written previously, from a services perspective, they seem more and more of a  me-too  player. Apple Music is like Spotify, and Apple News like Flipboard.

But with Apple Pay, they ve underestimated the complexity of payments and the difficulty of moving the vast majority of consumers to a new way to pay. Apple Pay, as Tim Cook said in London last year, will make cash disappear   never mind he said that in a country where cash is hardly used at all as a result of the success of plastic and now contactless   as it will compel consumers to use their phones to pay.

But that s the issue. It s not about paying, which was Apple Pay s focus then, and is still now.

Adding value to merchants and consumers has to be about making digital payments credentials smarter and more valuable. That, I believe, in-store will have very little to do with NFC in the U.S. and a lot more about how those credentials can be activated before the consumer even thinks about  checking out. 

On the web, there s still a ton of friction at checkout, as our quarterly Checkout Conversion Index attests. As I was on the Neiman Marcus site doing my bit to help their bottom line, I couldn t help but notice now the huge lineup of checkout buttons: PayPal, Visa Checkout, ShopRunner, American Express and MasterPass, in addition to card on file   all competing for my click.

Very soon, and on some sites now as I just encountered this weekend, it won t be about the simple act of paying either. It will be about whose credentials consumers can use at most of the places that she shops, and what other value they deliver when she clicks  buy. 

There are lots of other players who do that today, doing it across platforms and channels and operating systems, and experimenting with new and creative applications of technology to reinvent how consumers and merchants interact   not just how they pay each other. Innovators who are not trying to swap out a plastic card for a phone, but in the words of Steve Jobs, to give consumers something they d never ask for but once introduced to it, could never live without.

Twenty months in, it appears Apple Pay isn t even close. Reasons Why Wall Street Bears Are Wrong About Apple's Future  Apple Short Interest Plunges 36775085 Shares Just about the time Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) products were being blocked in China, which could take away its fastest growing market, its short interest for the period that ended June 15 plunged by 36,775,085 to 62,924,036, a 36.9% fall.

Apple s shares are flat over the last month, when the 3% drop due to Brexit is dropped out. Apple does have exposure in the EU as do many other consumer electronics companies

At the same time it has had problems in China, it has begun to do more business in India, the world s second largest nation by population. Apple has two advantages there. The first is its lack of presence, which means it could make big market share gains. The other is that India s market is not full of smartphones yet, which makes it a fertile market.

Other issues recently:

Apple says it is moving in the direction of having an  edgeless  screen, which would jump it ahead of its competition

Analysts have begun to be more optimistic about the current quarter

As always, there is a great deal of anticipation for Apple s next iPhone the iPhone 7

More and more analysts believe wearables like Apple Watch are part of a market which will grow rapidly

There is hope that Apple TV can make a run at Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX)

Apple is no longer the world s leader in market cap. That has gone to Google (NASDAQ: GOOGL). Over the next two quarters Apple will demonstrate whether it deserves that crown back, or whether it will fall further down the market cap ladder. 
2016-07-15
1 Way That the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Will Be a Monster One thing that I have come to admire about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) over the years is the company's prowess in chip design. The company builds, arguably, the world's highest performance and most forward-looking mobile processors on the market.

It would seem that, if a recent leak is to be believed, Apple isn't going to disappoint with its next generation smartphone applications processor, the A10.

A10 delivers A9X CPU performance

Apple typically launches two processors in a given year. An iPhone-bound chip branded Ax where x is some positive integer (such as A7, A8, and A9), and a more powerful iPad-bound version of that chip with an X following the number (such as A8X and A9X).

According to TechTastic, the upcoming Apple A10 processor will offer single-core CPU performance on-par with last year's A9X chip in the popular Geekbench 3 performance test. If this figure is legitimate, then this means that Apple will be able to announce that the A10 offers approximately 20% greater CPU performance than the prior generation A9 chip.

Though hardly the biggest generation-over-generation jump between iPhone processors, a 20% boost in performance from the already very impressive A9 chip won't be anything to sneeze at.

Graphics could get an even bigger boost

With each generation, Apple tends to get bigger jumps in graphics performance than it does in CPU performance. In that light, I expect that the A10 will deliver an even larger leap in terms of graphics performance over the A9 than it will in terms of CPU performance. I'm looking for at least a 40% boost.

If Apple decides to move to higher resolution displays in the new iPhone (something that would be long overdue), then the additional graphical horsepower would be most welcome, particularly for intense 3D games.

Expect bigger leaps in 2017 and 2018, though

With the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to utilize the same TSMC (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer manufacturing process that was used to build a portion of the A9 chips used in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. This means that all of the performance improvements that Apple brings will need to come from better architecture, rather than from a better manufacturing process.

However, given TSMC's public statements, it's reasonable to expect that the 2017 A11 chip will benefit from a transition to a 10-nanometer process and that the 2018 A12 chip will benefit, once again, from a transition to a 7-nanometer manufacturing technology.

Since I doubt that Apple is going to let up on the architectural side of things (the company has hired many of the industry's best architects, as far as I can tell), I'm confident in my belief that the A11 and A12 chips will offer even more impressive generational leaps than the A10 will.

Apple's business challenge

Apple clearly has serious technical chops, but all of that doesn't mean much if the company can't actually convince customers to buy new phones. The A9 chip inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus offered a massive jump in terms of both CPU and graphics performance relative to the prior generation A8 chip. The A8, in contrast, was a fairly modest improvement over the A7.

Yet, the A8-powered iPhone 6/6 Plus sold like hotcakes while the A9-powered iPhone 6s/6s Plus saw disappointing sales figures.

Apple's challenge going forward will be to get users to want or, better yet, need the improved processing performance that future iPhones will deliver. It'll be interesting to see if the iDevice maker will be successful in doing so. Apple Inc shares up near quarterly high as Q3 earnings release approaches Shares of Apple increased nearly 2 percent today to close at $98.79, close to the peak the stock has traded since diving below $100 after the company reported its fiscal Q2 earnings. Within two weeks, Apple will announce its earnings for Q3, which ended in June.







Investors cognizant of new iPhone impact

Samsung S7: so much for smartphones being dead

"Just 5 percent of Samsung purchases came from those switching away from Apple, while 14 percent of Apple purchasers came from those switching away from Samsung" - Kantar

Apple leading sales by value in China





A variety of analysts have recently bludgeoned Apple over claims that the company has no real growth prospects until iPhone 7 launches, and even then may not see a return to growth until another iPhone appears toward the end of next year.However, the evidence offered in support of concerns that this fall's iPhone 7 wouldn't drive significant demand is based almost entirely upon rumors looking at physical case prototypes, and ignores the nine year legacy of iPhone launches that have typically focused on faster Application Processors, better cameras advanced display technologies , and new features unlocked in core software and new apps, not case design tweaks.Prior to iPhone 7 shipping this fall, investors are expressing increased interest in the current impact of iPhone SE, a model that only began selling during Q3. Being virtually identical to iPhone 5s, the model offers no "new" case design whatsoever, but has remained supply constrained due to the fact that it delivers greatly increased processing power and camera features on par with iPhone 6 models.After months of handwringing about the supposed end of smartphone growth--particularly among premium customers--analysts have more recently shifted their tune to praise potential sales of Samsung's flagship Galaxy S7, the very kind of product that is supposed to have reached a dead end globally.While Samsung Electronics hasn't released any actual sales figures for the S7 (it has not ever), nor even detailed the overall performance of its Mobile IM group relative to that of its chips, displays, TVs, appliances and other business divisions, a variety of sources have made big assumptions that suggest Samsung's earnings are related to the performance of its top flagship. report Vlad Savov for The Verge cited Kantar Worldpanel data that claimed that Samsung's Galaxy S7 had exceeded sales of Apple's iPhone 6s in the U.S., at least since its launch earlier this year.However, what Kantar actually reported (and Savov did not) was that the rivalry between Apple and Samsung appears to be increasingly irrelevant.The firm stated that in the U.S. between May and July "Samsung accounted for 37 percent of smartphone sales and Apple 29 percent. However, sales of their respective flagship models reveal a much closer competition, with the Galaxy S7/S7 Edge accounting for 16 percent of sales and the iPhone 6s/6s Plus at 14.6 percent."Kantar also observed that "the majority of sales came from customers repurchasing and upgrading within their preferred brand," noting specifically that "just 5 percent of Samsung purchases came from those switching away from Apple, while 14 percent of Apple purchasers came from those switching away from Samsung."So rather than the Galaxy S7 eating into Apple's iPhone 6s customer base, Samsung is merely experiencing its own pent up demand cycle after several very poorly received flagship launches. Samsung's overall sales in the U.S. (the majority of which are middle tier or low end offerings) are significantly higher compared to the performance of its flagship.Even so, the idea that Samsung is returning to growth among commodity Android producers means that Apple too has the potential to grow its own sales of premium phones. Apple has the advantage of being differentiated by the features unique to iOS 10, as well as having a reputation for safeguarding privacy, security and providing years of support via free software updates.Outside the U.S., Kantar noted that Apple's iPhone 6s and 5s were the top two best selling phones in the U.K., "followed by the Samsung Galaxy J5, and the iPhone SE," another idea The Verge failed to mention, as it didn't support the narrative of Galaxy S7 leading Samsung to growth.Later this month both Apple and Samsung will provide more actual detail into the performance of their smartphone businesses, but investors seem to be abandoning the idea that consumers are no longer interested in premium models , and that growth among higher end handsets is over.Samsung does have an advantage over Apple in that its corporate performance is measured in a weaker currency of South Korean Won. Apple's earnings are presented in U.S. dollars, and the strength of the dollar over the last three quarters has effectively repressed sales globally by forcing Apple's prices higher around the globe and exaggerating its revenue declines.Another example of misleading data that investors appear to now be looking at more critically comes from IDC, Gartner and Strategy Analytics.In the first calendar quarter, Strategy Analytics insisted in a public press release that Apple had fallen down to fifth place in China due to strong unit sales by unfamiliar new vendors such as Oppo and Vivo, which had exploded with unit shipment growth rates exceeding 50 percent year over year.Data from IDC and Gartner disagree on the numbers from these vendors by millions of units, but both portray Oppo, Vivo and/or Xiaomi as being major players in China.The problem with only looking at unit market share in China is that this sort of myopic analysis is what previously fooled commentators into thinking that Xiaomi was doing much better than it actually was . That's chiefly because while these vendors sell large numbers of devices in China, they are very low priced models that don't directly compete with iPhones.IDC analyst Melissa Chau was cited in a report by the South China Morning Post as noting that "Lenovo benefited with ASPs [average selling prices] below US$150 in 2013, and Xiaomi picked up the mantle with ASPs below US$200 in 2014 and 2015. Now Huawei, Oppo and Vivo, which play mainly in the sub-US$250 range, are positioned for a strong 2016."Apple's iPhone ASPs are above $650. So while market researchers report iPhone market share based on around 11.5 million iPhones sold in China (based on Strategy Analytics numbers, above), a number that's between 1 and 5 million units fewer than Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo or Huawei, the real commercial share grabbed by Apple is far higher.Apple brought in around $7.5 billion from those 11.5 million iPhone sales, compared to maximum potential revenues of between $3-4 billion for Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo or Huawei.Apple's profit margins are also far higher, meaning that the company has built a sustainable business in China and is competing against waves of different companies that each take turns blowing out large numbers of poorly-differentiated, low end phones before a new entrant emerges and takes away their share.Rather than recognizing this, Strategy Analytics referred to Apple's "lackluster performance" in contrast to Oppo, a company that brought in about a quarter of Apple's revenues while shipping nearly two million more units in the first quarter via razor thin margins.Apple's customer churn rate is also far lower than that among Android vendors in China. As noted by Kantar, "for Apple, 42 percent [of iPhone buyers] were repeat purchasers, and 25 percent came from Samsung," a far higher rate of Android defection compared to what it reported for the U.S. Apple Inc. (AAPL): iPhone Growth In China Fell Flat In June Q Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is scheduled to release its next earnings report on July 26 after closing bell, and already data is pouring in from all sources on what to expect. All eyes are watching China and iPhone sales in addition to the regular metrics.

China a key market for Apple (AAPL)

Apteligent released its June report covering data for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) this week. Among the topics covered is China, which was a major negative point in the company s last earnings report. Revenues there plunged 26% in the March quarter and the firm warns that the June quarter may not have been much better. The iPhone 6 remains the most popular device in China, according to the firm s data, which looks at device usage.

This is particularly interesting as many bulls base their thesis for a strong iPhone 7 cycle despite a lack of huge new features on the fact that it will be the two-year mark since the iPhone 6. Of course on the flip side of this argument, we can see that still many Chinese consumers are using older iPhone models.

The firm also reports that while it looked like there was solid growth during the first quarter in terms of iPhone units, the growth was actually flat compared to previous quarters when comparing the two tables.

Here s how the usage by device has changed over time in China, according to Apteligent:

The firm also notes that the reason the growth in the iPhone SE was so large was because it s coming off a base of zero. Also the iPhone SE only made up about 1% of total device usage in China during the June quarter, which means it has yet to really take off there despite early signs that it is doing well. Of course Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) would certainly rather sell an iPhone 6s than an iPhone SE, as Apteligent estimates that the company must sell almost two SEs to match the revenue from every 6s it doesn t sell. However, other firms have suggested that margins on the iPhone SE might not be as bad as some think.

iPhone SE versus iPhone 6s

Most Wall Street analysts agree that strength in the iPhone SE is offsetting weakness in the iPhone 6s lineup. Deutsche Bank analyst Kulbinder Garcha said in a research note dated July 15 that he estimates that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) sold about 10 million iPhone SE units during the June quarter. He projects 40.7 million total iPhone units, representing a 14.4% year over year decline and 20.5% sequential decline with impacts from an inventory drawdown.

He also expects a return to unit growth with the iPhone 7 starting in the fall with growth in the installed base driving the unit growth. He expects Apple to sell 207 million iPhones in the 2016 calendar year, representing a 10.8% decline, and then 215 million units in 2017 before accelerating to 250 million iPhones in the 2018 calendar year.

Other expectations for Apple s (AAPL) earnings report

Garcha believes Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) will post $41.2 billion in revenue and earnings of $1.39 per share for the June quarter when it reports on July 26. Those numbers compare with the consensus numbers of $42.3 billion and $1.38 per share. He has an Outperform rating and $150 per share price target on Apple stock.

Looking further out, the Deutsche Bank analyst believes Street expectations for iPhone units in the December quarter could be too high, however, as he expects the iPhone 7 cycle to be rather muted. The Street currently expects $73.2 billion in revenues and earnings of $3.15 per share for the December quarter, compared to Garcha s estimates of $67.8 billion and $2.89 per share.

Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock edged higher 0.12% to $98.91 during afternoon trading on Friday. Most Active Weekly Options: Amazon.com, Inc. and Apple Inc. The 20 stocks listed in the table below have attracted the highest total weekly options volume during the past 10 trading days. Stocks highlighted are new to the list since the last time the study was run, and data is courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Two notable names of interest are retail stockand iPhone parent

Starting with, options traders at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) have shown a preference for long calls over puts in recent months, per the stock's top-heavy 50-day call/put volume ratio of 1.12. What's more, this ratio ranks in the 60th percentile of its annual range, meaning call options have been bought to open over put options at a slightly faster-than-usual clip.Drilling down, it looks like standard July options -- which expire at tonight's close -- have been most popular over the past 10 sessions. Among weekly options, however, AMZN's weekly 7/22 760-strike call has seen one of the biggest open interest increases over this time frame. For those buying to open the calls, the goal is for the equity to rally north of $760 by expiration at the close on Friday, July 22.On the charts, AMZN notched a record high of $757.34 on Tuesday, even with its #PrimeDayFail . While the shares of Amazon.com, Inc. have more recently been seen trading at $736, they remain almost 55% higher year-over-year.Put buyers have bombarded's options pits in recent months. At the ISE, CBOE, and PHLX, for instance, the stock's 50-day put/call volume ratio of 0.74 sits just 2 percentage points from a 52-week peak.Taking a look at the past two weeks' worth of activity, the stock's weekly 7/29 93-strike put has seen a substantial rise in open interest, with 13,044 contracts added. Considering the lifetime of these weekly puts encompasses Apple's Tuesday, July 26, earnings report, those purchasing new positions may be hoping for a repeat of recent history . Today, meanwhile, options traders appear to be buying to open AAPL's weekly 7/22 99-strike call, hoping for a breakout above $99 over the next week.At last check, shares of Apple Inc. were up 0.1% at $98.92 amid broad-market tailwinds . Longer term, the stock is down 23% year-over-year. This negative price action has had upbeat analysts quickly changing their tune , and just this morning, Barclays lowered its price target on AAPL to $115 from $121. Considering 84% of brokerages still maintain a "buy" or better rating and the average 12-month price target stands at a lofty $123.17, the door is wide open for more bearish brokerage notes -- which could pressure the shares even lower. 
2016-02-22
Apple Inc. Chip Suppliers Ready for iPhone 7 Orders According to a report from Digitimes, chip suppliers to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have begun to "book production capacity" at both foundry and back-end (i.e., packaging and test) partners.

In particular, the report cites Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS) -- a key audio component vendor for Apple's products -- and Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) (provider of key 3D Touch components into the iPhone 6s/6s Plus) as having told their vendors to "reserve a significant portion of their production capacities in the second and third quarters [of the year]."

The report claims that both Cirrus and Analog Devices will "play a key role in the brand-new design" for Apple's next-generation iPhone 7 devices. The devices are said to be both "slimmer than existing iPhone models" and will not include a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack -- both in line with reports that have been circulating in the press for quite some time.

Finally, the report claims that chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) is expected to "grab most of or probably all orders for Apple's A10 processors." This is in line with a story that The Commercial Times broke late last year and that a number of independent sources (including KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo as well as yours truly) managed to confirm.

Let's take a look at what the implications should be for each of these vendors.

Cirrus said to get a major content boost

A key theme driving the bull case for Cirrus Logic recently has been the notion that it will gain further dollar content in the iDevice maker's next-generation smartphones. Though there is some debate as to how extensive these content gains will be, the consensus seems to be that it goes up from here.

In a nutshell, this means that even if Apple fails to grow unit shipments during the iPhone 7 cycle (though I am hopeful that it will return to growth), Cirrus has a good shot of seeing Apple-related revenue growth thanks to the added content.

Analog Devices also looks like a winner

Analog Devices was put in the spotlight ahead of the iPhone 6s cycle as it was reported to supply analog-to-digital converters in support of the new 3D Touch feature. As long as Analog Devices hangs on to the 3D Touch socket in the iPhone 7, then it should benefit from an increase in the number of iPhones sold with 3D Touch capability in the coming fiscal year.

Beyond this, however, Digitimes claims that Analog Devices will "offer driver components for a dual-lens design for the [iPhone 7]," suggesting additional content share capture. I now expect Analog Devices' iPhone-related revenues to jump nicely year over year during the iPhone 7 cycle.

A win for TSMC, too

After triumphing over archrival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in grabbing all of Apple's A8 manufacturing orders, Taiwan-based TSMC was forced to yet again split chip orders with Samsung for the A9.

However, with the A10 said to be going exclusively to TSMC, TSMC should enjoy a nice revenue boost in the second half of the year associated with that. Additionally, the A10 is said to employ TSMC's InFO Wafer Level packaging, which should mean additional dollar content per chip for TSMC.

All told, it looks like the iPhone 7 cycle should be good to TSMC on a dollar content per-phone basis. How Apple, Inc. Could Help Tesla Motors Take on Traditional Car Dealerships Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is seriously considering making an electric car. This we know. What we don't know is whether or not the Mac maker will actually pull the trigger or not. But there's actually something else we know: We know how Apple would sell its Apple Car if it decides to move forward.

Much like Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), Apple will pursue a direct sales model for all the same reasons it opened up its own network of retail stores 15 years ago.

Apple will be in Tesla's corner

Tesla's battle with incumbent automakers over the traditional dealership model has waged for years, with no signs of letting up anytime soon. In fact, General Motors (NYSE:GM) just authored a bill in Indiana (HB1254) that would push Tesla out of the state based on protectionist dealer laws. Despite the fact that the average consumer is overwhelmingly in favor of direct sales, local lobbying is a powerful force and a meaningful campaign contributor.

However, if Apple were to jump in, it would absolutely push for direct sales. And Apple has a significantly larger customer base than Tesla. The electric automaker does its best to rally support to pressure policymakers, but Apple could potentially tip the scales in Silicon Valley's favor. This fight is really about bolstering public perception, because that will force the hand of lawmakers.

Education, not sales

Tesla's retail sales reps are not primarily trained or compensated on sales. In states where Tesla is allowed to sell through showrooms, reps do earn a small commission for sales, but it's a very small fraction of their overall compensation. This gives them some incentive, but also removes the high-pressure sales tactics that characterize the industry.

Instead, Tesla retail reps focus on education. Selling electric cars requires a significant amount of education. How long do I need to charge? What does electricity cost compared to gas? Can I take long-distance road trips when I want to? What's the difference between all the types of chargers out there? This is why the traditional dealership model simply would not work for Tesla. Not only do electric vehicles require less service than gas cars, thereby undermining one of the dealers' primary profit centers, but it also just takes a lot more time to close a sale.

You'll note that this is precisely the model that Apple uses, too. Apple Store reps are also primarily trained to educate consumers about the product. The key to this strategy is that the product sells itself. Significantly, this reinforces the view that the absolute most important thing for a company to focus on is creating a compelling product. If you get that right, the rest takes care of itself.

Inventory is evil

Demand is so strong for Teslas that it doesn't even need to build inventory. Tesla can't even keep up with demand. This is how it is able to drive sales through Apple-esque showrooms at locations with high foot-traffic. Can you imagine General Motors selling cars in a mall?

It's not realistic for most automakers since they need to have inventory lots that take up a lot of real estate. But Tesla educates consumers about the car, and then they go order one online. It takes Tesla longer to produce and deliver the car, but it's worth the wait.

You can easily imagine Apple adopting an identical model. Apple allows customers to customize build-to-order Macs, and they're shipped directly from China to their doorstep. Apple wouldn't need a large inventory of cars on hand, and indeed Tim Cook believes that inventory is evil. Apple does have envious inventory turnover figures to maintain, after all.

It would be easy for Apple to implement a build-to-order model for electric cars, and it would have no problem with generating demand. Unlike Tesla, Apple's marketing machine is a beast (mostly because Tesla does no advertising).

To the death

Of course, dealers will continue to fight to the death (literally). The direct sales model is very much an existential threat. They'll cite things like "intra-brand competition" as proof that their existence is justified, even though the argument is fundamentally flawed.

Removing the middleman will reduce costs for consumers. Dealers compete to reduce their markup, but I think consumers would agree that they would prefer no markup whatsoever. This would also remove the whole haggling process, which is easily one of the most dreaded aspects of buying a car. Tesla doesn't negotiate because it doesn't have to.

Besides, can you imagine Apple negotiating on price? 
2016-08-02
1 Big Upside Risk for Apple, Inc. When investors talk about risk, they are usually thinking about unexpected developments that could hurt the stock prices of companies they have invested in. For example, an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) investor might worry about the risk that competition might finally erode the company's pricing power in the smartphone market.

But risk goes both ways. In addition to the downside risks that are frequently discussed, there can also be "upside risk" from unexpected good news. In the case of Apple, corporate tax reform represents a significant source of upside risk, as it could enable the company to take its capital return program to the next level by freeing up offshore cash.

Apple's cash "problem"

In the past five years or so, Apple's cash holdings have swelled to historic proportions. At the end of the company's 2010 fiscal year, it had $51.0 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet. But by the end of last quarter, it had a stunning $231.5 billion stockpile of cash and investments.

Even after deducting its debt obligations, Apple has a formidable net cash hoard of $146.6 billion. It doesn't need to keep this much cash around. The only reason it has allowed its cash balance to reach such an absurd level is that most of the cash is officially held outside the U.S.

Indeed, Apple recently reported that $214.9 billion of its $231.5 billion in cash and investments -- approximately 93% -- is held by foreign subsidiaries. It would have to pay federal taxes of up to 35% to repatriate that money. Instead, it has been holding the cash abroad, where it earns a pitiful amount of interest income.

Tax reform could be a game changer

CEO Tim Cook has been vocal in advocating for corporate tax reform that would allow Apple to bring this cash home at a lower tax rate. He has said that Apple would be happy to pay somewhat more than it already does in federal taxes if that would allow it to freely move cash between other countries and the United States.

There have been several tax reform proposals in recent years that would have either permanently lowered repatriation taxes or instituted a one-time repatriation tax holiday with a lower rate. Unfortunately, all of them have died in the midst of congressional gridlock.

However, the upcoming 2016 election could give the winning presidential candidate the political momentum necessary to implement corporate tax reform. Donald Trump has made a specific proposal to offer a reduced 10% repatriation tax to encourage U.S. companies to bring their cash home.

Moderate Democrats (including President Obama) have also supported a reduced repatriation tax rate recently. This suggests that Hillary Clinton might introduce similar corporate tax reform legislation if she is elected.

What it's worth to Apple

If Apple were able to repatriate its foreign earnings at a low 10% tax rate, it would be able to bring home $193.4 billion after taxes. If the repatriation tax rate were instead 20%, Apple would still have $171.9 billion after paying its tax bill.

Even at the higher 20% rate, Apple would be able to repatriate enough cash to pay off its entire $84.9 billion debt burden (if it wanted to) and have $87 billion left to return to shareholders. That would be enough to buy back about 15% of Apple's outstanding shares -- or alternatively, to pay a special dividend of about $16 per share.

By contrast, Apple is getting little or no credit for its overseas cash now, with shares currently trading for less than 12 times forward earnings.

Corporate tax reform thus represents a significant source of upside risk for Apple stock. If Apple is allowed to bring all of its overseas cash home while paying a repatriation tax rate of 10%-20%, it could potentially boost the value of its stock by 10% or more. Nope, Apple Inc. Shouldn't Break Up Its Businesses or License iOS Carnegie Mellon Professor Vivek Wadhwa recently declared, in two interviews on CNBC, that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) should break up its businesses and license iOS to other phone makers. Wadhwa first argued that reorganizing Apple's businesses in a similar manner as Google's transformation into Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) would prevent it from being "left behind" the tech curve. He then declared that Apple could gain "hundreds of millions of users" by licensing iOS to other OEMs.

But in my opinion, Wadhwa misunderstands Apple and Alphabet's strengths and weaknesses in the mobile world. Let's see why Wadhwa's propositions would likely hurt Apple instead of helping it.

1. Misunderstanding Google's transformation to Alphabet

Google transformed into Alphabet because many investors bemoaned the tech giant's lack of clarity in its financial reports. It was always unclear how much Google was spending on "moon shots" like driverless cars and biotech.

By organizing its core search and ad businesses into the Google subsidiary and its more speculative investments (Calico, Nest, Fiber, Google X, and VC investments) into "Other Bets," Alphabet provided investors a clearer picture of its growth. Reporting revenue and operating income from these businesses separately revealed that although the Other Bets unit was posting widening losses, they were easily offset by Google's robust bottom line growth. That transparency gave Alphabet breathing room to pursue longer-term plays, but it didn't matter much to investors, who couldn't buy individual shares in each subsidiary.

Wadhwa argues Apple should follow Alphabet's lead and form a similar division to pursue "radical projects and lease products" on its own. However, Apple has already been pouring plenty of money into new projects like AR, VR, streaming music, and Project Titan.

Apple's R&D expenses have risen 28% annually to $7.5 billion over the past nine months, so the company certainly hasn't been conservative in its investments in the future. Therefore, I'm not sure how much more aggressive Apple can get, or what an Alphabet-like reorganization would actually achieve.

2. Claiming that Apple has "no new products"

Wadhwa also claims that Apple has had "no new products" since the iPhone's launch nine years ago -- an odd argument since the iPad was launched in 2010 and the Apple Watch arrived last year.

Wadhwa overlooks the fact that the iPad and Apple Watch respectively disrupted the tablet and smartwatch industries. Tablets were mostly convertible laptops for niche markets before Apple left the laptop-based form factors and software behind. The smartwatch market remains small, but IDC reports that the Apple Watch already controls nearly half of it. Apple has also launched new services like Apple Pay and Apple Music, which aim to diversify its portfolio away from hardware and into software and services.

3. Comparing iOS to the entire Android market

Wadhwa believes that Apple should license iOS to other handset makers to grow its market share against Android. However, Apple's core strength is its prisoner-taking iOS ecosystem, which locks in users with App Store and iTunes purchases. If those users switch to Android devices, they lose that content.

Android OEMs can't retain users in the same way. A Samsung user can easily switch to an HTC device and retain all their content from a Google account. If Apple licenses iOS to other OEMs, it might gain a short-term sales boost followed by a big decline in its core hardware sales, since iOS users would migrate between iOS devices from Apple and other manufacturers. It would also be difficult for iOS to remain secure across multiple hardware configurations, which would result in the security issues that currently plague Android's fragmented market. There's also no guarantee that OEMs would pay Apple to license iOS when Google offers Android for free. Apple already offers Apple Music on Android devices, indicating that it can profit from individual Android OEMs without licensing out its entire OS.

Wadhwa then mistakenly compares Apple's market share to the entire Android market. Instead, Apple should only be directly compared to market leader Samsung, which controlled 22.4% of the global smartphone market last quarter, according to IDC. Apple came in second with an 11.8% share with just three current-gen devices on the market, while Samsung sells dozens of different models. Lastly, Wadhwa overlooks the fact that Samsung repeatedly tried to break away from the Android ecosystem with its own OS, Tizen -- indicating that it recognizes the strength of Apple's end-to-end approach across hardware and software.

Nope, Apple shouldn't act like Google

Wadhwa seemingly believes Apple could improve its business if it just acted more like Google. But there's no reason for Apple to launch a dedicated moonshot unit when it's already investing heavily in its future, and it would be silly to revisit the old idea of Apple licensing iOS to other smartphone makers. Therefore, investors should take this outspoken tech guru's advice with a grain of salt. Ten Reasons To Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) After Earnings Despite Apple Inc. s ( AAPL ) s declining iPhone sales, there are still plenty of reasons to like the company that s according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch s hardware analyst Wamsi Mohan. After last week s earnings release the Bank of America Corp ( BAC ) analyst, reiterated his  buy  rating on the company s stock and highlighted ten reasons why investors should own the company despite concerns about its future.

Apple beat Wall Street estimates, reporting earnings per share of $1.42 per share on revenues of $42.4 billion down from the comparable year-ago figure of $1.85 per share on $49.6 billion in revenue. Quarterly profit fell 27%. Apple said it sold 40.4 million iPhones during the three-month period, compared with sales of 47.5 million units a year earlier breaking an eight-year run of growing iPhone sales.

The Wall Street Journal reports that in an interview after the earnings report was released Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said:

 iPhone demand was better than the sales figures showed, because it reduced inventory of the smartphone by more than four million units in its retail channels. He said he also was encouraged by iPad revenue returning to growth for the first time in 10 quarters and the continued strong growth in revenue for Apple s services. 

Apple Inc. (AAPL): Should You Buy Apple Stock After Earnings? Wamsi Mohan estimates that sell-out trends reflect an 8% year-on-year decline in iPhone units and given the assumptions around launch timing of the iPhone 7, for the September quarter a sales contraction of 7% year-on-year is projected   a marginal improvement from the June quarter and down 3% quarter-on-quarter.

Ten Reasons to Buy AAPL

So, it s assumed that Apple s iPhone sales are going to decline from the rest the year even after adjusting for the launch of the new model. But despite slowing iPhone sales Bank of America is still positive on the outlook for Apple, and there are ten reasons why Wamsi Mohan believes the reported second-quarter results weren t all that bad:

 (1) less than feared impact from mix of iPhone SE to gross margins, (2) iPhone sell out declines moderating, (3) Switchers into ecosystem remain strong and span across models beyond SE, (4) iPhone ASPs set to improve at least in the near term, (5) channel inventory at low end of range, (6) new iPhone introductions likely on Sep 16th, (7) services revenue growth strong into F17, (8) gross profit dollar growth has likely troughed in the June qtr, (9) capital return continues and (10) iPad returned to revenue growth after 9 quarters of declines. 

Bank of America has a price target of $120 per share on the stock and expects the company to report earnings per share of $8.27 for full-year 2016.

The price target is based on a multiple of 12 times earnings of $9.94 per share for full-year 2017.

Further, the bank s tech analysts believe investors shouldn t underestimate the potential launch f the Apple Watch 2 and upgrades driven by the software capabilities enabled by the more feature rich iPhones.

More From InvestorPlace Kudelski and Apple settle patent litigation  
2016-01-13
Is This Company About to Become Apple Inc.'s Latest Supplier? The notion that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will finally transition from traditional liquid-crystal displays to displays based on organic light-emitting diodes, or OLEDs, for future iPhones has picked up significant steam within the investment community.

Given the advantages that OLEDs can deliver relative to LCDs (assuming that the disadvantages can be worked through), it's no surprised that the iDevice maker is interested in adopting the technology at some point.

Previous reports had pegged LG Display (NYSE:LPL) and Samsung Electronics (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) as Apple's two major future OLED display suppliers, but it would seem that yet another potential supplier is being added to the mix: AU Optronics (NYSE:AUO).

Apple reportedly wants to invest in AU Optronics

According to Focus Taiwan, Apple wants to invest in AU Optronics in a bid to "transform" the display maker into a vendor of AMOLED displays for future iPhones.

It's not clear whether Apple would take a direct ownership stake in the display maker (an easy task for Apple, since AUO's market capitalization sits at just under $3 billion) or if Apple perhaps plans to fund the capital expenditures required to build and equip Apple-specific OLED manufacturing plants.

At any rate, if these reports are accurate, and if AU Optronics actually agrees, then this could be quite transformative for the display maker, particularly as it could see a fairly sizable revenue boost from the sale of panels to Apple.

Additionally, if AU Optronics becomes a leading vendor of OLED-based displays, this could help it become a larger player in market for smartphone displays beyond Apple, potentially boosting its revenue significantly from current levels.

What's Apple's end game here?

Apple is quite the master of the supply chain and what the company seems to be doing vis-a-vis the various display vendors seems to be proof of that.

Note that, in addition to some technical challenges, one of the main hurdles that Apple faces in adopting OLED-based displays is the fact that OLEDs are relatively costly to make.

It's also worth noting, though, that since relatively few panel makers can successfully manufacture OLED-based smartphone displays, the margins that current OLED panel vendors (or more likely "vendor," since Samsung seems to be the main supplier of smartphone-oriented OLED-based displays) command are likely quite a bit higher than what are essentially commodity LCDs.

What Apple seems to be doing, then, is trying to enable a whole host of vendors to be able to successfully manufacture such displays. This makes sense for a number of reasons. First, by having many suppliers, Apple's iPhone business won't necessarily come to a screeching halt if something bad happens to one of its suppliers (it can just shift orders to another supplier).

Perhaps more important, though, is that Apple wants to maximize its own profit margins. The fact that Apple buys components in extremely high volumes certainly helps (since vendors will be willing to take lower margins in exchange for the huge volumes), but it would be much easier to drive supplier margins down (and Apple's margins up) if there are many competitors vying for Apple's orders.

By enabling AU Optronics to become a vendor of leading-edge smartphone displays, Apple's negotiating position with the likes of Samsung Display and LG Display becomes far stronger. Apple Defies Industry Tends as Mac Sales Continue to Rise SAN FRANCISCO (AP)--Apple keeps defying a PC industry trend: While other major computer-makers saw shipments fall in 2015, Apple increased the number of Macs it shipped worldwide last year, according to estimates from two research firms on Tuesday.

Total PC shipments have been declining, industrywide, for the last four years, as consumers are waiting longer to buy new models and many are turning to smartphones or tablets. Even last summer's release of Windows 10--Microsoft's new operating software--failed to boost overall sales.

All told, manufacturers shipped a total of 288.7 million PCs last year, down 8 percent from 2014, according to researchers at Gartner. Analysts at International Data Corp., using different methodology, put the total at 276 million and the decline at 10.4 percent.

Apple, however, saw an increase of roughly 6 percent, according to both firms. While other major PC-makers have seen ups and downs, Apple alone has enjoyed gains in each of the last three years.

Big manufacturers like Lenovo, HP and Dell still sell far more computers than Apple. Industry leader Lenovo shipped 57 million PCs last year, while estimates for Apple are just under 21 million.

Still, analysts say Apple benefits from its reputation as a premium brand in the United States and Europe. It's also been making inroads in Asia. Gartner analyst Mikako Kitagawa noted that Apple has been opening retail stores in China, which is now the second-largest PC market in the world.

Experts trace the PC industry's slump to the introduction of more powerful smartphones and tablets in recent years. Even Apple saw a slight decline in Mac shipments in 2012, when some buyers opted for iPads instead. The slump has also hurt chipmakers like Intel and other companies that make PC components, while forcing software makers to re-design their products for smaller, mobile devices.

Nearly every major PC maker now makes tablets, as well. Lenovo has also moved into smartphones, buying the Motorola phone business from Google in 2014. But tablet and smartphone sales are also slowing, as more people already own them.

Industry hopes are now turning to new "hybrid" computers, or tablets with detachable keyboards, which are touted as combining the best features of PCs and tablets. Sales of those devices are still small, but growing. IDC analyst Jay Chou said his firm expects industrywide shipments of traditional PCs will fall another 3 percent this year, but the addition of hybrids could turn that total into an overall increase of 1 percent.

Analysts also blamed last year's weak PC numbers on economic weakness in Asia and the end of a 2014 buying surge that followed Microsoft's decision to end support for Windows XP, an older version of its widely used operating software. An expected boost from the new Windows 10 was undercut by Microsoft's decision to give free software upgrades to owners of older machines.

--Associated Press 
2016-01-04
Mark Hibben Positions For 2016: All-In On Apple  Apple Inc - Google, Amazon face test after Apple reaches tax agreement with Italy - XINHUN  
2016-07-08
Apple Inc. (AAPL): Analyst Gives Apple Stock Cautious Nod Apple Inc. (AAPL) shares are up roughly 1% along with the broader market, despite a cautious note this morning from Oppenheimer s Andrew Uerkwitz. The firm s analyst says he does not expect Apple s third-quarter results on 7/26 and forth-quarter guidance will change his view on the company. He believes that questions like China or replacement cycle, debated in previous earnings, will matter little as investors will focus on iPhone 7 release in the fall. Uerkwitz continues to believe that the iPhone 7 product cycle should be weak due to lack of major improvements. The analyst lowered his 2017 iPhone shipment projections to 197 million from 213 million units, noting the iPhone 7 cycle will undersell the 6s cycle.

Moreover, Uerkwitz cut Cupertino s full fiscal-year 2017 revenue and earnings per share estimates by $13 billion and 86 cents, respectively, to $209 billion and $8.18 per shares based on lower iPhone and Apple Watch shipments. The analyst reiterates a  Perform  rating on the shares.

Oppenheimer downgraded Apple back on April 27, saying weaker performance seen in the second quarter   the company s worst quarter in over a decade   will continue. Apple reported 2Q16 total revenues down 33% sequentially, while announcing weaker-than-expected 3Q guidance, which implied an 11% year-over-year decline in revenue compared to the year-ago quarter. A key reason for the plunge in revenue was Apple s year-over-year decrease in iPhone sales.

 We are downgrading Apple to Perform as we believe that weaker performance seen in this quarter is likely to recur until 2017 s iPhone launch. We believe Apple won t provide a compelling reason to upgrade until then, when the new iPhone adopts more virtual reality-friendly features. Such belief leads to our more bearish outlook for the coming iPhone cycle ( iPhone 7 ) and has us look past favorable longer term trends.  Uerkwitz wrote back in April, confirming investors concerns that the company has gone past its prime.

He also noted that he sees Apple shares trading sideways  while investors grapple with perceived slowing innovation and unit growth on the one hand, and massive cash generating, dividend paying, attractive valuation on the other. 

Price Action

Apple stock continues to suffer as investors worry about slowing profit growth in the second half of the year. The name recently traded at $96.58, a gain of $0.64 over Thursday s closing price. The $529.01 billion market cap company continues to trade below $100, a level not seen since mid-October 2014. The stock   one of the most widely held stocks by individual investors   has plunged more than 27% from its all-time high of $132.97 notched on July 20, 2015.

AAPL shares have declined 3.12% in the last 4 weeks and 11.07% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has gained 1.63%. In the past 52 weeks, shares of the tech giant have traded between a low of $89.47 and a high of $132.97, with the 50-day MA and 200-day MA located at $96.82 and $99.87 levels, respectively. Additionally, shares of Apple trade at a P/E ratio of 1.26 and have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) and MACD indicator of 54.83 and +0.99, respectively.

AAPL currently prints a one year loss of about 20 percent, and a year-to-date loss of around 8 percent.

As for passive income investors, the company pays shareholders $2.28 per share annually in dividends, yielding 2.40%. Apple, Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) earnings have been scheduled. After market close on Tuesday, July 26, the tech giant will report its fiscal 2016 third-quarter results as well as provide guidance for Q4. Ahead of Apple's results, here's an early preview of what to expect.

Declining revenue...again

The most prominent storyline of the quarter will almost certainly be yet another quarter of declining revenue. On a year-over-year basis, Apple said in its second-quarter results that it expected third-quarter revenue in the range of $41 to $43 billion, representing a decline of about 15% from the year-ago quarter.

Similar to management's expectations for Q3, Apple's second-quarter revenue was down about 13% compared to the year-ago quarter, marking the beginning of a trend in year-over-year declines Apple shareholders are hoping is temporary.

While possible declining iPad and Mac sales may play a role in driving Q3 revenue lower, the main segment negatively impacting Apple's top line will probably be the iPhone. As Apple's largest product segment by far, accounting for about 65% of revenue, an expected year-over-year decline in iPhone sales will likely be the main reason behind an overall year-over-year decline. This would continue a trend of falling iPhone sales in Q2. iPhone unit sales fell from 61.2 million in the second quarter of 2015 to 51.2 million, or about 16.3%, in the second quarter of 2016.

Apple's declining iPhone sales can be largely blamed on the iPhone 6s' failure to live up to the monster upgrade cycle last year, spurred by Apple's first foray into smartphones with displays larger than 4 inches, including the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and its 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. In the second and third quarters of Apple's fiscal 2015, iPhone sales soared 40% and 35%, respectively. This growth makes for a tough comparison for Apple in 2016.

There may be some hope that Apple could alleviate some of this expected year-over-year decline in iPhone sales. Apple launched a new, lower-cost iPhone in the middle of its usual iPhone launch cycle -- a phone that could particularly appeal to more price-sensitive markets like China. But given that the phone was supply constrained for most of the quarter, it's unlikely to have a big impact on Apple's sales.

Analyst estimates

The consensus analyst estimate for Apple's third-quarter revenue suggests analysts believe management's guidance is spot-on. On average, analysts expect Apple to report third-quarter revenue of $42 billion -- right in the middle of the company's guidance range for the quarter.

What's more worrisome than analysts' expected year-over-year decline in revenue, though, is the consensus analyst for Apple's EPS. On average, analysts expect EPS of $1.39 -- down a whopping 25% compared to the year-ago quarter. The outsized decline expected in Apple's EPS metric is likely due to expectations for much of Apple's declining revenue to be driven by iPhone; as Apple's most profitable product segment, the direction of iPhone sales has a disproportional impact on business results.

Given the severity of the decline expected in EPS, this may be one of the most closely watched metrics when Apple reports results.

Overall, since a reported decline in Apple's business is almost certain, investors will really be tuning into the tech giant's third-quarter results to see just how severe the decline was -- and to look for a glimpse of hope from management for revenue to turn upward in the upcoming quarters.

Apple will report its results after market close on Tuesday and will host a live conference call to discuss the quarter's results at 2 p.m. PDT on the same day. Network-1 Announces Settlement of Patent Litigation with Apple Inc. The '227 Patent was among 9 patents and 5 pending patent applications acquired by Network-1, through MWT, from Mirror Worlds, LLC on May 21, 2013. The '227 Patent entitled "Document Stream Operating System" relates to methods that enable unified search, indexing, displaying and archiving of documents in a computer system. The inventions described in the '227 Patent resulted from the work done by Yale University computer scientist, Professor David Gelernter, and his then graduate student, Dr. Eric Freeman, in the mid-1990s.

ABOUT NETWORK-1 TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Network-1 Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the development, licensing and protection of its intellectual property and proprietary technologies. Network-1 works with inventors and patent owners to assist in the development and monetization of their patented technologies. Network-1 currently owns twenty-eight (28) patents covering various telecommunications and data networking technologies as well as technologies relating to document stream operating systems and the identification of media content. Network-1's current strategy includes continuing to pursue licensing opportunities for its Remote Power Patent and its efforts to monetize two patent portfolios (the Cox and Mirror Worlds patent portfolios) acquired by Network-1 in 2013. Network-1's acquisition strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality patents which management believes have the potential to generate significant licensing opportunities as Network-1 has achieved with respect to its Remote Power Patent. Network-1's Remote Power Patent has generated licensing revenue in excess of $87 million from May 2007 through March 31, 2016.

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address future events and conditions concerning Network-1's business plans. Such statements are subject to a number of risk factors and uncertainties as disclosed in the Network-1's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, among others, the continued validity of Network-1's Remote Power Patent, the ability of Network-1 to successfully execute its strategy to acquire high quality patents with significant licensing opportunities, Network-1's ability to achieve revenue and profits from the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio and the Cox Patent Portfolio as well as intellectual property it may acquire in the future, the ability of Network-1 to enter into additional license agreements, the ability of Network-1 to continue to receive material royalties from its existing license agreements for its Remote Power Patent, the uncertainty of patent litigation and proceedings at the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the difficulty in Network-1 verifying royalty amounts owed to it by its licensees, Network-1's ability to enter into strategic relationships with third parties to license or otherwise monetize their intellectual property, the risk in the future of Network-1 being classified as a Personal Holding Company, the continued viability of the PoE market, future economic conditions and technology changes and legislative, regulatory and competitive developments. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic reports, Network-1 expressly disclaims any future obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein.

Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and CEO

Network-1 Technologies, Inc.

(212) 829-5770

(917) 692-0000

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/network-1-announces-settlement-of-patent-litigation-with-apple-inc-300296095.html

SOURCE Network-1 Technologies, Inc.

Related Links

http://www.network-1.com

 The Future Of Apple: 'New iPhone Is Going To Be Something Revolutionary' The future of Apple is an unpredictable one. The tech company has fallen off 14 percent from its year-to-date high of $112.10 and now sits around $96.50. On Friday s PreMarket Prep, Wedbush Securities  Ian Winer gave his bullish and bearish cases for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL).

 The New iPhone Is Going To Be Something Revolutionary 

Winer noted that Apple has the tools and money to bolster its future.  The bull case for Apple to me is you ve got a nice dividend yield, you ve got a buy back, so there s valuation support with tremendous cash,  he said.  If they can make some kind of acquisition that makes sense then they can sort of give them a next leg of growth. 

He added that Apple s future must be innovative to see growth.  You ve got to believe that the new iPhone is going to be something revolutionary. You also have to believe that the markets in China and India are going to see real growth here,  he said.  If you believe all that then you can make a case for the stock to expand its multiple by multiple points. 

Related Link: Amazon Thinks People Are Willing To Pay For Podcasts

 Value Tech Just Tends to Get Cheaper 

Winer believes struggling overseas markets may negatively affect Apple going forward.  A lot of their cash is overseas. China is flowing, and they re losing share to some of the smaller, low-priced people over there. The total adjustable market that people talk about in India and China is just completely unrealistic because the average annual income of people in those countries certainly doesn t support buying a six hundred dollar iPhone,  he said.  Let s face it: there aren t any real legs in my opinion. 

He added that the Apple s newest products, such as the Apple Watch and Apple TV, will also not do much to strengthen the company.  I think that the car is not going to mean anything for them and if it does its margin diluted. As far as Apple Pay, Apple Music, the watch, all those things kind of haven t really done anything for them and aren t going to do anything,  he said.  You re just left with a value tech company. Value tech just tends to get cheaper. 

Listen to Ian Winer s entire interview at the 14:54 mark in the clip below.

For more trading ideas and insight on the markets check out PreMarket Prep LIVE every morning from 8-9:30 a.m. ET here. You can also listen to complete episodes on Soundcloud, iTunes and Stitcher.

Posted-In: #PreMarket Prep Apple Music Apple Pay Apple TVTop Stories Exclusives Tech Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Music's Progress: A Positive Short-Term Indicator For Apple Inc. Apple is developing its services segment to offset the revenue decline in the iPhone segment.

After the impressive progress with Apple Pay, Apple now focuses on its music service.

The company is challenging Spotify s dominance in the music streaming market.

For a few quarters, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors had focused on the company s main businesses, from the iPhone cash machine to other emerging businesses like Apple Pay, Apple Music, and Apple Watch. In an earlier article, I described that change as an interim period until Apple will launch its next cash machine   the autonomous/electric Apple Car. However, for now, the company is trying to develop new markets and services to offset the sales decline of its Apple iPhone.

The Apple Watch and other new consumer electronic devices from Apple did not quite take off, so investors highlighted the services segment as the one to drive Apple s future growth. There are two primary services that comprise that segment: Apple Pay and Apple Music. On the Apple Pay front, the company made tremendous progress, expanding its presence in Asia and Europe and launching Apple Pay for Safari, which enables web transactions to compete directly with PayPal. Apple Pay is slowly evolving as a major global e-payments player that could challenge PayPal and AliPay's dominance worldwide and generate substantial revenues in the future.

After the impressive progress made with Apple Pay, the company turned to strengthen its second primary service   Apple Music. The music-streaming market has many similar characteristics to the e-payments market: both of them include dozens of players in a very crowded market, with one or two distinct leaders and many newcomers trying to generate significant market share to monetize the market's expected growth. In the e-payments market, Apple targeted PayPal and AliPay, and in the music streaming market, Apple is targeting Pandora (P) and Spotify.

Spotify is currently the world s largest paid music-streaming service, with more than 30 million paying users, compared with Apple Music s 13 million paying users. However, Apple has one huge advantage over Spotify, which is the company s extensive, worldwide ecosystem that is tightly controlled by the company, and while Apple can use that ecosystem to offer and promote its music services, other services which are mainly mobile-based, like Spotify, Tidal, etc., are dependent on Apple to be available for iOS customers.

A legal dispute that was uncovered lately by Bloomberg revealed that Apple allegedly took advantage of its unique position in the market and blocked an update to Spotify. This is a drastic move that an Apple spokesperson denied, but it highlights Apple s incredible power in the music streaming market that goes beyond user growth and subscription sales. Moreover, Apple charges 25% of all payments initiated in its App Store, which means that Apple s competitors all transfer some portion of the revenues to their rival   Apple. This is another huge advantage for Apple that benefits from the competition in the market either by attracting new paying users to Apple Music or by collecting its 25% fee from the App Store revenues of its competitors. Legally, the App Store is Apple s proprietary asset, and it can block whatever app from it as it sees right; however, it might not be fully ethical to do so, and the move already attracted too much attention from lawmakers calling for greater scrutiny over Apple s influence over the App Store content. Clearly, Apple is sending a message to Spotify that the Swedish company depends on it, and it should look for other alternatives to maintaining its growth besides the iOS ecosystem.

Spotify is also known for its problematic relationship with some of the world s leading artists like Taylor Swift and Adele, who wanted to limit their music for the paid subscription and were refused by the company. In return, these two super-popular artists are only partially available on Spotify. To take advantage of this point, Apple contacted Tidal about a potential acquisition that will allow Apple to benefit from Jay Z owned tidal's strong ties with popular artists and potentially increase its user base at Spotify s expense.

These steps look like a well-organized plan to take the lead in the music-streaming market and strengthen Apple's services segment alongside the progress with Apple Pay. Concerns about Apple s ability to grow without exceptional iPhone sales growth are rising; the latest developments in the service segment indicate that Apple is storming with full power to boost its services segment revenues. Until the company introduces the autonomous car, I believe it will be able to grow its services revenues at least to a level that will offset the decline in the iPhone segment. This is a positive short-term indicator for Apple s stock performance, and as presented in my previous Apple articles, I remain bullish on Apple stock for the long haul. Don't Count Apple Pay Out: 11 Reasons Why Apple Pay (NASDAQ:AAPL) got off to a highly publicized slower than expected start. The media has dedicated considerable time writing about the service's shortfalls and implying that it is doomed to failure, which we believe is premature. In fact, we believe there are many reasons to remain optimistic about Apple Pay's prospects. We discuss 11 in this article.

Still Early in the Development of e-Payments - We believe there's room at this early stage for multiple players to benefit from the anticipated growth of electronic and mobile payments. Although not a first mover, Apple Pay has early mover advantage in the space, in our view. Electronic payments are growing as transactions shift to online and mobile, driven in part by expanding access to the internet. Mckinsey forecasts that total electronic payments volume will grow by about 7% per annum over the next five years.

e-Commerce Continues to Expand - Digital commerce, which is growing rapidly, will drive electronic payments. In fact, McKinsey's forecast is predicated on continued expansion of digital commerce and rising electronic payments acceptance at small merchants. Globally, e-commerce is projected to reach 12.8% of total retail expenditures by 2019, up from an estimated 7.4% in 2015, according to eMarketer. Reflecting rising consumption among younger, internet savvy users, eMarketer expects e-commerce to continue to grow, which implies expansion of the e-payment sector, as well, and opportunities for Apple Pay to benefit from its anticipated expansion.

Mobile Growing Rapidly - As e-commerce expands, mobile payments are increasing at a faster pace than desktop payments. Mobile accounted for 34% of total global e-commerce transactions at the end of 2015, up from 30% at September 2015, according to global payments technology company Adyen. In some markets, mobile represented an even higher percentage. For example, 49% of online transactions were made using mobile devices in the U.K., 35% in The Netherlands and 32% in Sweden. The U.S. lagged, at 29%.

Mobile In-Store Positioned For Growth - Older payment infrastructure has been a roadblock for in-store mobile transactions, but that is changing. POS (point of sale) terminals equipped with NFC (near-field communication) technology account for less than an estimated 10% of all terminals in the U.S. NFC allows two devices placed within close proximity to exchange data, as long as both devices are equipped with an NFC chip. At the same time, a relatively small percentage of U.S. smartphones support NFC contactless mobile payments. However, as retailers upgrade POS infrastructure and as people upgrade their smartphones - U.S. consumers average an upgrade every 1.7 years - NFC penetration is expected to rise. This is good news for mobile payment providers such as Apple Pay, which has streamlined and improved the security of the checkout process.

Apple Pay Has Expanded to Desktop - Apple Pay launched as a mobile first service. However, online transactions using a laptop or desktop computer still outpace those made using mobile devices, despite the rapid expansion of mobile. Apple Pay needs to operate in both niches, in our view, as more than 70% of online retail purchases are still made on computers, according to Marketing Land. Apple recently announced a web-based initiative for the service, putting Apple Pay into what's currently the more heavily used area of e-payments.

Enhanced Security Will Drive Usage - Convenience, consumer confidence and retail acceptance will drive electronic payment usage. This is where Apple Pay can leverage its installed device base and technology, we believe. Apple Pay uses biometrics to protect the security of the transaction. Users confirm purchases with the fingerprint sensor, in turn enhancing consumer confidence. Apple intends to integrate its fingerprint sensor to make desktop-based Apple Pay transactions more secure, as well.

Apple Pay Continues to Expand Geographically - Apple Pay debuted domestically in October of 2014 and expanded into the UK in July of 2015 and into China and Singapore more recently. Apple has indicated that it will soon expand Apple Pay to France, Hong Kong and Switzerland and a limited version of the service is already available in Australia and Canada. It goes without saying that Apple Pay will do better in certain markets than others. For instance, in China, Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) was already a major competitor in the digital payments space before Apple Pay entered the market. Other markets may be easier for Apple Pay to gain traction.

Slow Start, But Accelerating Growth - In terms of growth, Apple Pay got off to a slower than expected start. Consulting firm First Annapolis conducted a survey of 1,300 people and found that awareness and usage of Apple Pay declined slightly from spring 2015 to December 2015. However, more recently, Apple management has noted that "Apple Pay is growing... with more than five times the transaction volume of a year ago." Services revenue, the category in which Apple Pay is recorded, grew 23% in the first half of fiscal 2016 to 10% of total revenue from 7%. (Apple Pay is just one component of Service revenue.)

Control of the Apple Ecosystem - Apple Pay is available through the Apple ecosystem. This means that Mac users, iPhone users and people who wear Apple watches can use it fairly easily. Apple can continue to leverage this ecosystem to promote the use of Apple Pay to drive adoption.

Continued Retail Integration - Retail integration thus far has been disappointing. In September 2014, Apple was available in only 220,000 locations. The number of sites accepting Apple Pay has grown to over 2.5 million in the U.S., with the number of U.S. retailers that accepted Apple Pay at year-end 2015 up seven-fold since the service was launched, according to 9to5Mac. We believe Apple Pay can continue to grow as it adds new retailers. Apple also indicated that Target (NYSE:TGT), Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE), Etsy (NASDAQ:ETSY) and United (NYSE:UAL), among others, will integrate Apple Pay to their websites for desktop transactions.

Incentives - Kohl's (NYSE:KSS) is the first retailer to link rewards to Apple Pay, enabling consumers to use Apple Pay and earn Kohl's reward points. We view this positively for Apple Pay and would even like to see Apple Pay offer its own rewards to incentivize consumers to use the service. Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX), for example, offers rewards such as free drinks to people who use the cashless Starbucks card. Starbucks is often cited as one of the most successful companies driving electronic payments. Network-1 says Mirror World settled patent litigation with Apple  
2016-02-02
Will Apple Inc.'s Earnings Sink These 3 Suppliers? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) hit investors with a triple whammy of bad news in its first quarter earnings report. First, iPhone shipments rose just 0.4% annually to 74.8 million units, narrowly missing the consensus estimate of 75 million. CEO Tim Cook then admitted that Apple saw "signs of economic softness in Greater China," and the company warned that its sales could decline up to 13.7% year-over-year in the second quarter.

Those issues helped push Apple down, as it briefly hit a 52-week low of $92, but they also weighed on its top suppliers. Let's take a look at three closely watched suppliers -- Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS), Qorvo (NASDAQ:QRVO), and Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS) -- to see how closely their fates are tied to Apple's.

Skyworks Solutions

Skyworks Solutions produces the RF power amplifier modules in the iPhone 6s. It doesn't disclose how much of its revenue comes from Apple, but Oppenheimer & Co. analyst Richard Schafer estimated it at between 35% and 40%. In its 10-K filing for fiscal 2015, Skyworks admitted that "one customer accounted for greater than ten percent" of its revenue during the year.

Skyworks expects its sales for the current quarter to only rise 1.7% annually to $775 million, falling short of the consensus estimate of 7.3% growth. The company forecast its non-GAAP earnings would rise 7.8% to $1.24 per share, which comes in nine cents below analysts' expectations. Skyworks' adjusted guidance wasn't surprising, since several other Apple suppliers already slashed their forecasts before Apple reported its first quarter earnings.

Another headwind for Skyworks is Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) new joint venture with TDK to produce RF chips, sensors, and wireless charging technologies. If Qualcomm merges those technologies with its mobile SoCs in cheap reference designs, Skyworks' RF modules might lose their edge among low- to mid-range smartphone OEMs. Due to those concerns, Skyworks shares have declined 17% over the past 12 months.

Qorvo

Qorvo is Skyworks' main rival in RF front-end modules. Its antenna switch and power amplifier modules are installed alongside Skyworks' components in iPhone 6s. It's unclear how much of Qorvo's revenue comes from Apple, but the company recently warned that its fiscal third-quarter sales, which will be fully reported on Feb. 4, will miss expectations.

Qorvo expects third quarter sales of just $620 million, compared to its prior guidance for sales between $720 million to $730 million. The chipmaker blamed that miss on "weaker than forecasted customer demand" in mobile products.

Analysts now expect Qorvo's annual sales growth to slow from 53% in its fiscal 2016 (which ends in March) to just 11% in fiscal 2017, mainly due to concerns about Apple and an economic slowdown in China. Qualcomm and TDK's entry into the RF could also hurt Qorvo, which is a smaller player than Skyworks. Those headwinds have cut Qorvo stock in half over the past 12 months.

Cirrus Logic

Cirrus Logic manufactures audio chips for Apple's devices, and disclosed that Apple accounted for 76% of its sales last quarter, while Samsung accounted for 11%. Last quarter, Cirrus' revenue rose 16.5% annually to $348 million and narrowly beat expectations by $1 million.

Prior to that earnings release, Cirrus warned that it wouldn't achieve its prior sales target of $370 million to $400 million, due to "weaker than anticipated demand for certain portable audio products." It also warned that weakness "escalated over the last few weeks of December and is expected to continue to significantly impact our revenue in the March quarter."

Nonetheless, Cirrus stock surged 17% after the company forecast sales growth above 15% for fiscal 2017 (which starts in March), which was higher than analysts' consensus estimate of 14% growth. Pacific Crest analysts also suggested that Cirrus could supply a smart codec IC for noise-cancelling earbuds in the iPhone 7. Apple is seen as likely to phase out the 3.5mm headphone jack in that model, replacing it with a Lightning port. If that happens, Cirrus will gain a new stream of revenue beyond iPhones and iPads. Investors seem to have more faith in Cirrus than Skyworks or Qorvo -- its stock has rallied more than 30% over the past 12 months.

The road ahead...

Looking ahead, investors should be aware of these companies' exposure to Apple, but they shouldn't overlook their potential to expand beyond iPhones. Skyworks has been diversifying with new smartphone design wins and modules for Internet of Things devices, which connect cars, drones, and other devices to each other and the cloud. It's also been mulling acquisitions, which could diversify its product line and boost its production capabilities to remain competitive against bigger challengers.

If Skyworks gets bigger, Qorvo could have trouble remaining competitive. Qorvo launched a $1 billion stock buyback last November, but that money might be better spent on more acquisitions to further expand its business, which launched last year when RF Micro Devices and Triquint Semiconductor merged. Meanwhile, Cirrus' list of blue-chip customers is also getting longer, and a noise-cancelling design win for iPhone 7 earbuds could allay concerns about iPhone sales. 
2016-07-07
Apple, Inc.'s iPhone SE: a Hit or Miss in China? Launching its iPhone SE in March, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) aimed its lowest-cost iPhone at more price-sensitive markets -- China in particular. But Apple is actually losing market share in this important market, according to Counterpoint Research (via Bloomberg). Does that mean the iPhone SE is underperforming management's expectations for the device?

iPhone falls further behind

Of smartphones sold in the China market in May, 10.8% of them were iPhones, according to Counterpoint Research. That figure is down from Apple's 12% share of smartphone shipments in the same period last year, and it drops the iPhone to fifth place among the top brands of smartphones in the country. Highlighting the importance of price in the market, all the smartphone manufacturers in China ranking above Apple are local companies marketing mostly low-cost devices.

This is particularly interesting news following Apple's March introduction of the iPhone SE, which had a starting price of $399, or $250 less than the starting price of Apple's flagship iPhones. But investors should keep in mind that Apple's lower market share this year compared with last year doesn't mean the iPhone SE failed at generating higher demand for iPhones in China.

As it turns out, despite the lower market share for iPhone in China in May, there's good reason to believe the iPhone SE could be a hit in China just as investors hoped it would be: iPhone SE deliveries were supply constrained during most of Q3, with iPhone SE buyers -- even as late as June -- having to wait several weeks before their phones were shipped.

The iPhone SE's supply constrained sales throughout the quarter highlights two important things: First, it suggests that demand for the device probably exceeded management's expectations for the quarter. Second, it paints Counterpoint's market share data in a different light; the market share loss represented a small year-over-year decline, considering Apple's newest iPhone was supply constrained during the quarter.

Market challenges

Whether or not the iPhone SE pans out to be a success in China, Apple will likely need more tactics than a beefed up iPhone inside the body of a three-year-old form factor to reinvigorate the once-booming China catalyst. Apple's overall revenue in Apple's Greater China geographic segment, which includes mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, is facing headwinds recently, falling 26% in the company's most recent quarter compared with the year-ago quarter.

But it's worth noting that Apple's declining revenue in Greater China isn't entirely representative of how Apple products are really faring in the market. Apple CEO Tim Cook broke down more specific numbers on Mainland China, which highlighted a more optimistic view of Apple's performance in the market, during the company's most recent earnings call (via a Reuters transcript):

If you look at mainland China, which is [the market within Apple's Greater China segment] that I am personally very focused on, we are down 11% in mainland China, on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, we are only down 7%, and the way that we really look at the health or underlying demand is look at sell-through, and if you look at there, we were down 5%. Keep in mind that is down 5% on a [comparison] a year ago that was up 81%.

Cook's last statement is worth further emphasis. Apple's year-over-year revenue growth in mainland China in the same period last year was 81%. The tough comparison, therefore, understates how well the tech giant is doing in China. Notably, Apple's second-quarter revenue in mainland China was still up significantly from where it was in the same quarter two years ago.

However, Apple's inability to continue increasing sales in China does suggest growth in the market won't come as easy in the future as it has in the past. Even Cook said during the company's second-quarter earnings call that Apple "may not have the wind at our backs that we once did" in China.

Overall, while falling iPhone market share in China, as a well as Apple's recent year-over-year decline in Greater China revenue in Q2, may make Apple's China market situation look worse than it is, it's still a concern worth keeping an eye on. If sales in Apple's second-largest market continue to decline over the longer term, even Apple's price-to-earnings ratio of 11 may begin to look expensive. 
2016-01-18
Apple Inc. Likely to Tap TSMC for 10-Nanometer A11 Chip Manufacturing The question of which chip manufacturing giant will manufacture Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A-series processors has been an interesting one over the years. Through the Apple A7, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) was the sole-source for Apple's A-chip manufacturing. Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM) won the orders for the Apple A8 and both Samsung, and TSMC split the orders for Apple's A9.

The current word on the street is that TSMC has won the entirety of Apple's A10 chip business.

Although Apple's manufacturing plans for its next-generation A11 chip -- which will probably make its debut in the iPhone 7s -- haven't leaked yet, I believe that TSMC just gave investors a couple of very strong hints that it will win the majority of, if not the entirety of, Apple's A11 chip business.

Clue No. 1: TSMC intends to begin the 10-nanometer generation with high market share

During the call, TSMC management said that, unlike with the 14/16-nanometer generation, the company intends to start the 10-nanometer generation with "very high market share" and the company "intend[s] not to lose it."

Given that Apple is usually one of the first, if not the first, to transition to new manufacturing nodes for mobile-applications processors (it was first to 20-nanometer and again first among the fabless players to transition to 14/16-nanometer), I'd imagine that winning a significant portion of Apple's business would be necessary for this statement to ultimately prove true.

Clue No. 2: TSMC predicting a steep 10-nanometer ramp

Another fairly large clue that TSMC will be building Apple's A11 chips is that the company is predicting an extremely steep ramp-up of its 10-nanometer technology.

Indeed, on the call, TSMC executives said that it expects the revenue contribution from 10-nanometer wafer shipments to exceed the revenue contribution from 20-nanometer seen in the fourth quarter of 2014. Note that 20-nanometer revenue made up more than 20% of the company's fourth-quarter 2014 revenues as a result of the Apple A8/iPhone 6 ramp-up.

Again, Apple is by far the largest single customer for leading-edge chip technology thanks to the sheer number of iPhones it sells, and it usually ramps up before other fabless chipmakers do, so I am led to believe that Apple will source the majority of its A11 chips from TSMC.

Good news for TSMC; maybe not so good for Samsung

Although Samsung was able to get the jump on TSMC as it began production of its 14-nanometer technology before TSMC began its 16-nanometer technology, it's looking as though TSMC has no intention of allowing Samsung to "win" like this again in the future.

Of course, we will have to see TSMC actually deliver upon its bold claims here -- a lot can change between now and when Apple instructs its foundry partner(s) to start pumping out A11 chips -- but TSMC management has earned quite a lot of credibility with me over the past several years.

If it does, though, then I could see Samsung's foundry business feeling the hurt. Although Samsung has been able to get fabless merchant chip vendor Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) to source its flagship Snapdragon 820 from its factories, I'm interested to see whether this partnership will last in upcoming process nodes. After abandoning iAd revenue, Apple Inc can reintroduce an ad-free internet Editorial

Apple's five year effort to radically enhance iOS app advertising with its own ad sales has now been scuttled. That opens the door for an even more radical rethinking of how to monetize apps and Internet services, one that is clearly differentiated from the incessant adware associated with Android, Windows and the open web.







iOS generated over 40 times more revenues for Apple than Android contributed for Google

Corporate death by competitive starvation

Platform value wars: Microsoft "opens" PC hardware



Windows 3.0 was the third major release of Microsoft Windows, released on May 22nd 1990

Platform value wars: Web seeks to "open" software





Platform value wars: Android seeks to "open" mobile hardware





Platform value wars: Apple seeks to open content



iOS 9 Siri & Search



Chrome OS, Google's pure vision of web-based computing, hasn't been successful



Streaming music, Beats 1 & Connect

Diminishing value of display ads



Apple Watch has no ad banners

Why Advertisers hated iAd

Advertisers hated that Apple's iAd was preventing them from gaining full access to user demographics and behaviors

Over the past five years, Apple's inability to significantly challenge Google's mobile ad sales with iAd has pleased advertisers who bet against Apple's vision for advertising and instead threw their support behind Google and other ad networks with few qualms about the privacy of users.Meanwhile, Apple has grown into a massively profitable mobile hardware company with a passionate user base, while Google has only made minor progress in wringing money out of mobile ads while earning virtually nothing from hardware sales.Apple's revenue from iPhone and iPad exceeded $130 billion in 2014, compared to $11.8 billion in Google's mobile search revenue from that year. Three quarters of Google's mobile revenue--nearly $9 billion--came from iOS, according to Goldman Sachs analysis cited by the New York Times last summer.That indicates iOS generated over 40 times more revenues for Apple than Android contributed for Google, even before considering iTunes, App Store, Apple Pay and devices like Apple Watch and Apple TV.Apple's exit from the mobile ad sales business may look like a win for Google, but it really signifies that Apple is ready to stop playing in ads where Google has a home field advantage, and instead begin to leverage its entrenched position in hardware in order to starve Google's core business into irrelevance by targeting the valuable foundation of Internet ads.Over the last five years, Apple has done really well in hardware. It is one of the only consistently profitable PC or smartphone makers. It has essentially crushed its hardware competitors by starving them of profits while reinvesting is own earnings into vertical integration. This has created a starvation cycle of making Apple's products better and more attractive, while erasing market potential for rivals.Once-fierce PC competitors like HP have been neutered. Samsung has seen its mobile products collapse without recovery . Apple now claims a massive share of global profits earned in PCs, tablets and smartphones largely because there are no other companies left earning competitive profits It looks like iAd was intended to do the same thing to Google, but it failed to have a similar impact. Making superior products and dominating demand are one route to success, but it's not the only one.Another way to overcome more powerful and entrenched rivals is to derail the demand for their products. Changing the rules of the game to emphasize the value of one's own strengths and devalue the core competency of one's competitors is nothing new in the tech industry.For example, in the early 1990s Microsoft cut Apple's Macintosh out of commercial relevance by shifting the value of its Mac Office apps onto a Mac-like platform it branded Windows. With Windows, users no longer need to pay a premium for Apple's hardware, leaving hardware "open" to various Windows hardware licensees.Microsoft concentrated the perception of value on its own PC software, and left the hardware business (that it didn't really care about or understand or see any value in) to hardware partners. PC makers competed for scraps while Microsoft skimmed the cream off the top of the industry for two decades.Apple of the 1990s was slow to realize that the overall market might find greater value in running familiar desktop apps on generic PCs. In particular, Apple underestimated the very basic Windows product Microsoft was offering at a relatively low licensing fee. Apple had expected PC users to gravitate towards more powerful software (like Unix or IBM's OS/2, both of which Apple was collaborating with ), and ended up getting blindsided.That same decade, Netscape and Sun worked to develop the web as a "open" platform, hoping to shift value away from Microsoft's software platform. Microsoft realized belatedly--but soon enough to change course --that if web apps opened up software the way it had opened up hardware, it would be left in the same beleaguered position as Apple.Microsoft responded by working to make Windows more valuable and necessary (tying emerging web features to Windows APIs). As a result, Microsoft largely retained control of the PC over the next decade.In the 2000s, Apple similarly regained some PC hardware share by making Mac hardware more valuable and necessary (tying apps such as Final Cut Pro and Garage Band to its platform). On a much smaller scale, Apple won back market share for Macs.At the same time, Google began working to do what Netscape and Sun had failed to do earlier: shift web apps away from Windows by breaking the tie between Microsoft's platform and "valuable and necessary" web services. This "openness" benefitted end users, and opened the door for Apple as well, because open web apps could work as well on Macs as they did on Windows.Apple's subsequent introduction of iOS as new hardware-based platform again created a valuable app ecosystem tied to Apple's hardware, but "open" to third party development. In response , Google sought to replay Microsoft's strategy: it reintroduced Android as a rival to steal away iOS' app value and plant it on a platform that Google controlled, one that would again be "open" to alternative hardware makers.Unlike Microsoft's Windows, however, Google's Android didn't directly deliver any significant licensing revenue to Google. Android has been subsidized by Google's core business of search-related PC advertising , which ties monetization of most everything on the web to Google's ads.While pundits like to marvel about Google's supposed "80 percent share" of mobile hardware sales, the reality is that virtually all of Google's profits come from advertising. That means that if Apple wanted to drain Google of its income, it wouldn't need to take away a significant chunk of Android's hardware sales as it did with Samsung. It would take away Google's advertising revenue. That would be obviously disastrous for Google, because it has virtually no other sources of income.Apple's iAd appeared to be a way for Apple to muscle away Google's ad platform and tie the value of ads to iOS, much the same way that Microsoft had earlier tied the value of the web to Windows. However, ads aren't a value to end users; they're a tax.Over the past several years, it's become clear that Apple is now seeing that there's more value in not having ads than there is in owning advertising on iOS. This indicates that going forward, Apple can court more satisfied customers--the people who pay a premium for its high-end hardware--by offering more privacy than from offering more private ads.Faced with direct competition from Android "opening" up mobile hardware, what Apple has needed was a way to offensively "open" up monetization of content, software and services so that it's not tied to Google's ads. In parallel with the development of iAd, Apple has been on an incessant march to develop premium, desirable hardware that contributes enough profit to fund the development of competitive software and services that deprive Google of ad revenue.In, Google's core competency, Apple has invested in Siri and Maps and partnered with Yahoo, Microsoft, Wolfram, DuckDuckGo and other data providers to answer questions and find information independent of Google. Apple's services aren't yet on par with Google in every respect, but each time users check the weather, get sports scores or do research without involving Google, Apple reduces traffic from the most valuable demographic of users to its primary rival.In the, Apple has shifted users' routine computing and entertainment tasks from web pages to individual native apps. Web apps once promised to rival desktop software, allowing end users to do anything online and "in the cloud." However, on mobile devices, Apple has shifted work from the browser to efficient, native apps that are easy to use and cheap to buy.The App Store has created a curated market for apps that gives Apple a share in the success of developers, and has introduced In App Purchases as a route to recurring revenue, a sort of on-demand subscription model. Third parties (including Microsoft and Adobe) have also brought a subscription model to software apps, and content providers (like Netflix and Hulu) have done the same for media.Google also has an Android app store. Who knows why? It should be pushing web (or native thin client) apps that focus the user on the web, where it already has ads. Instead, it blindly copied Apple before realizing that it knows little about native platforms or how to manage them.It then started over with Chrome OS, a browser running on Linux. This made a lot more sense for a web-oriented company. Unfortunately for Google, Chrome hasn't been able to win users back from an app-centric model. Google is now working out how to move forward , but its strategy is rather limited by the broad distribution of Android and its iOS-like app focus.In a world of apps, users go directly to an app to begin looking for things. In the desktop world, users often start with a web page opened to Google, and begin searches that present results right next to sponsored ads. This "paid search placement" advertising has been very effective for Google, because it puts ads right in the context of the users' needs. Ad banners in an app are not effective at all; they are a distraction. They pay virtually nothing because do little of value for advertisers and users hate them.A world centered on apps is terrible for Google, but it's great for Apple. The best apps are on iOS, and iOS is tied to Apple hardware. Microsoft is working to undermine that by making iOS apps easier to port to Windows mobile devices, but the tiny installed base of Windows outside of conventional PCs makes that a real uphill challenge.Next to apps,has introduced a subscription model for unlimited, on demand music and videos. Part of the Apple Music package is Beats 1 radio, a commercial free Internet radio broadcast that Apple essentially subsidizes to draw attention to Apple Music.Apple also sponsors events like the Apple Music Festival and the recent Taylor Swift tour video, paid to produce new music videos and runs its Connect service, an ad-free social media feed for artists. This direction of ad-free content suggests the potential for more new and original material paid for by subscriptions or subsidized by Apple itself.Apple's previous foray with iTunes Radio attempted to use advertising to pay for basic music streams. However, that model is too weak, because ads don't really contribute enough to pay for content. By switching music to a subscription model, Apple can gain enough revenue to subsidize the music industry without ads. Google should be really worried about that.Google hopes to monetize its vast library of YouTube videos with ads, but these ads are not nearly as effective or valuable as paid search placement. Google wants to turn YouTube into a market more like iTunes, and now has its own Apple Music-style subscription plan for YouTube videos. However, the main attraction to YouTube is that it's free. Tacking a minute long commercial in front of a minute or two of content does not seem like a sustainable way to monetize content. It also remains to be seen whether subscribers will flock to play to watch YouTube content.offers another example of the App Store and Apple Music at work: by selling content rather than funding it via advertising, Apple is creating a source for higher value, premium entertainment. The company's ongoing intent to build an Apple Music-like subscription program for TV will expand upon this premise. Comparing the value of ad-supported broadcast TV with premium services like HBO or Netflix makes it clear how much better the latter is at creating valuable content.is another example of Apple trying to distill value for users. At first glance, it looks like an ad-supported capitulation to the stinging failure of Newsstand, which sought to sell app-based periodical subscriptions. But without iAd revenue, News is just a free service Apple is setting up for news sites, with their participation based on their own advertising. That makes News essentially another Maps: an app that deprives Google of opportunity while generating no revenue of its own.Going forward, Apple has a lot of ways to muscle into Google's role as the monetizer of content. While today's Apple News looks more like iTunes Radio, a future subscription service more akin to Apple Music would give Apple's users a high quality source for journalism, news and commentary. An equivalent service for TV content could also generate subscription revenue targeting cord cutters.The stronger iOS' content and information services get, the harder it will be for Google to remain stuck relying upon desktop PC search paid placement to subsidize its expensive development of Android and other moonshots. Display advertising isn't going to make up for the evaporation of the the PC browser pointed at Google search as the world moves toward apps.Advertising is unlikely to ever go away entirely. However, there is a clear trend toward minimizing display advertising as demographics gentrify. Poor neighborhoods are emblazoned with billboards and ads. Rich neighborhoods are not. Advertising is increasingly restricted in neighborhoods as land values climb. There's a general revolt against invasive advertising the higher you climb in sophistication and wealth.That puts Apple on the right side of a trend compared to advertisers like Google and Facebook. So far, Apple has been winning: it makes far more money from mobile device hardware than Google or Facebook will make from mobile advertising.Apple is often presented as being on the losing side in conflict with Google and its powerful advertisers and partners. However, Apple has a powerful partner of its own: the end users who decide what they want to buy. Consider what iAd actually intended to do, and why advertisers rejected it, and what Apple is likely to do next.In 2010, Steve Jobs introduced iAd as an eyebrow-raising tentpole feature of iOS 4. In the audience, it seemed hard to fathom how ads could be a feature.At the time, Jobs noted that app developers "need to find a way to start making their money. A lot of developers turn to advertising, and we think these current advertisements really suck."He pointed out that when users clicked on existing iPhone mobile ads, they were typically yanked out of the application they were in and taken to a browser window's web ad. Because they had been dropped into another app, finding their way back to the task at hand was more confusing and annoying compared to the desktop web experience, where users could at least close annoying popup ad windows to get back to work.Additionally, at the time much of the web's advertising infrastructure was built around Adobe Flash , making it more difficult for advertisers to reach iOS. At the time, there was intense pressure upon Apple to find a way to shoehorn the flawed, resource intensive Flash into iOS.Conversely, Google jumped to bolt Flash onto Android, enabling desktop PC-like ads for its rival platform. The ad-supported media almost unanimously agreed that Flash and its ads would be a strong differentiator for Android that would help give it the edge over iOS on tablets. They were very wrong. Flash didn't ever work very well on Android, and it introduced lots of problems Meanwhile, iAd offered an alternative to Flash, as it was built entirely using HTML5 web standards. The goal of iAd was to create a platform-integrated, interactive web session that could be entered within the context of an app and dismissed at any time to return to the app. To kick things off, Apple repurposed Quattro, an existing ad network, into Apple's own in-house ad studio.Advertisers hated working with iAd, but not because it failed to improve the ad experience, or because it was technically inferior, or because it failed to engage audiences. Advertisers hated that Apple's iAd was preventing them from gaining full access to user demographics and behaviors--the way Google, Adobe and the other mobile ad networks were working to facilitate.Apple's increasingly vocal stance on the side of consumer privacy--which has only grown more strident over time--was standing in the way of advertising nirvana: the non-stop audience surveillance program that could be distilled into the sort of pure profit brand manipulation depicted in futurist movies such as Minority Report, where billboards literally leap into your face and talk to you by name, coaxing you to buy with the savvy of a salesman pretending to be your best friend.

Enhanced Ads on the web





Now that Apple has given up on iAd, the most valuable demographic of mobile users are likely to gain nothing but further privacy protections from Apple, because that differentiation from Android is far more valuable to Apple than the goodwill of advertisers

Rather than catering to advertisers, Apple increasingly locked down the iOS app platform and its developer guidelines to block third party developers and ad networks from installing the kinds of cookies and trackers they had grown accustom to using on the web.While the web had started out in the early 1990s as a model for linking pages of information between peers, it quickly morphed into a client-server model where user clients automatically and invisibly volunteered tons of identifying information to centralized web servers every time they requested any information.Rather than having a only a basic picture of their audiences as newspapers, radio and TV broadcasters previously had, web servers could report exactly how many views a given page received, along with the geolocation of each user and a profile of the hardware each audience member used to access the server. Web browsers also report how the user happened upon the web server, whether "organically," or from a search engine referral.This treasure trove of audience data continued to grow richer and richer. Web servers began planting "cookies" on web client machines, enabling them to track users by cross-referencing their browsing history across different sites.Because this increasingly sophisticated web tracking surveillance and record keeping remained largely confined to tech audiences, the public rarely even knew they were being watched and monitored and analyzed in a way to predict how to best deliver effective advertising to them.Once web advertisers started seeing the potential of mobile apps, they worked to introduce the same techniques . Google embraced this in Android, but Apple increasingly erected barriers, blocked access to hardware without clear user permission, and eventually limiting advertisers from even using a universal, unique identifier at all in iOS 6.Advertisers got angry, and many threw their support behind Android and its "open" support of proprietary Flash and virtually unrestricted access to user tracking and deep surveillance. After all, Google was an advertiser first and a platform developer second. Android was designed first to serve advertisements, not making things difficult for advertisers.Standing in advertisers' way was the pesky fact that the most valuable demographics they sought to target--better educated, affluent, trendy young parents, their kids and wealthy seniors--were consistently preferring to use iOS devices.The demographic that Google's open Android attracted were poorer budget seekers who didn't want to pay a premium for hardware, for apps, for media, or really anything. Broadly, they were more willing to pirate apps and online content. That's not who most advertisers want to target with their brand messages.Advertisers want to reach iOS users, but largely didn't want to support iAd, given that more privacy-encroaching alternatives existed. But now that Apple has given up on iAd, the most valuable demographic of mobile users are likely to gain nothing but further privacy protections from Apple, because that differentiation from Android is far more valuable to Apple--and its hardware centric business--than the goodwill of advertisers.Last summer, Apple introduced WebKit Content Blockers as a secure new App Extension to enable developers to create tools that filter out any web content, including display ads and user tracking.In giving up iAd's effort to copy Google's advertising business and instead working to increasingly make analytics-based advertising commercially irrelevant, Apple could do to Google what Microsoft did to Apple 20 years ago: starve it into beleaguerment.Good luck with the robots and dirigible internet. 1 Secret Behind Apple Inc.'s Massive Chip Success Those who follow Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) know that year-in and year-out, the company delivers substantial boosts in performance and features in its custom-designed A-series processors. The performance enhancements that Apple has been able to deliver generation over generation have generally been quite exciting.

In this article, I'd like to go over one of the key reasons behind why Apple has been able to deliver such gigantic increases over the generations.

A Moore's Law primer

One well-known principle in the world of semiconductors, known as Moore's Law, is that every couple of years or so, chipmakers will move to next-generation manufacturing technologies. These technologies lead to a reduction in the amount of chip area required to implement a given product, usually on the order of a 50% decrease.

In recent years, however, as the fundamental building blocks of chips, known as transistors, have gotten smaller, finished wafer costs have gone up as the capital intensity per wafer has increased.

The net result, though, is that the area reduction is greater than the wafer cost reduction, allowing chipmakers to ultimately build better, more feature-rich chips for the same manufacturing cost.

Apple pushing things to the extreme in terms of die sizes

Perhaps the company that's loudest about and proudest of Moore's Law is Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). To highlight the power of moving to new manufacturing technologies, Intel pointed out that one of its 22-nanometer laptop processors packed in 960 million transistors in an area of 130 square millimeters.

The successor to that chip, built on the company's newer 14-nanometer manufacturing technology, saw its transistor count balloon to 1.3 billion but saw a chip area reduction to just 82 square millimeters.

In this case, Intel made its chip both better and smaller.

What Apple does with its A-series processors is quite a bit different. Rather than use the smaller transistors to add functionality while keeping chip area significantly smaller, Apple will move to new manufacturing technologies while keeping chip area roughly the same as in previous generations. See below:

In other words, Apple is seemingly willing to incur slight chip cost increases in order to deliver substantially better performance. This makes sense given that, in the scheme of Apple's iPhone/iPad bill of materials, the chip cost isn't all that much, but the performance increases/additional features can deliver a lot of value to the customer.

Looking ahead to the A10 -- and beyond

The Apple A10 is expected to be manufactured on the same 16-nanometer process that (one variant of) the A9 was built on. Given that, according to Apple foundry partner Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE:TSM), Apple has "added a lot of functionality" into its next-generation chip, which means that the A10 should be even larger than the A9.

I wouldn't be surprised to see the A10's die-size swell to around 120 square millimeters, putting the die size back at A5 levels.

I expect that the A11 will be built on Taiwan Semi's 10-nanometer manufacturing technology and that the follow on, which I'll refer to as the A12, to be built on Taiwan Semi's 7-nanometer manufacturing technology.

Each of these technologies promises substantial density improvements over the preceding ones. If Apple holds A11/A12 die sizes fairly constant at around 100 square millimeters, then expect these chips to not only pack in a lot more features, but also a lot more performance. 
2016-01-29
Which Looks Like the Better Long-Term Growth Stock: Apple Inc. or Alphabet Inc.? If you had to pick only one long-term growth stock, would you pick Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) or Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL)? Sure, it's a bit of a silly question, as investors usually don't have to go all-in or nothing, and they're certainly entitled to change their opinion over time. However, I find it can be a great thought experiment that helps clarify how companies are competitively positioned for the future. In this case, I would pick Alphabet hands-down. Here's why:

A tale of two companies

When talking tech stocks, investors often mention Apple and Alphabet together, but they're actually very different companies. Alphabet's primary revenue source is advertising through search, and it's therefore a software company at heart. Apple's revenue is derived from device and hardware sales.

I understand Apple is also very much a software company that hires top talent to make all of its devices run seamlessly together. The reason the iPhone and other Apple devices have such high margins is not just the premium materials and physical design -- it's also that it's the only way to get access to Apple's software and ecosystem. Apple has always believed that great software needs to be married with great hardware to work well.

That said, the recent performance of Apple's stock shows that it's still ultimately driven by how many phones it sells. In its latest quarter, the iPhone comprised 68% of revenue. Recently, the slowdown in iPhone and smartphone sales have crushed Apple's market value. The company sold 74.8 million phones in the last quarter, which was flat on a year-over-year basis. Revenue for the current quarter was also guided to be approximately 11% lower due to the maturing smartphone market. Apple is a victim of its own success, as the iPhone has made it a bit of a one-trick pony. Of course, there may be some exciting things in the pipeline such as virtual reality application or even an Apple car, but we haven't seen enough evidence yet.

Alphabet, on the other hand, is investing in all kinds of seemingly unrelated projects. A recent article at ars technica shows the incredible array of things Alphabet is researching, from drones, virtual reality, and health monitoring to self-driving cars and even anti-aging initiatives. Some may think this is wasteful spending, but it certainly allows for potential revenue diversification, and if anything is known about the tech world, it's that the next big thing often comes out of unexpected places. These are also the types of discoveries that could put Alphabet in a league of its own. Rather than just working on tweaking existing products, it is looking toward entirely new categories and applications.



To put some numbers on it, we can look at the amount Apple spends on research and development compared with Alphabet. Over the past five fiscal years, Apple has spent $24.4 billion on R&D -- nothing to sneeze at, but Alphabet spent $33.5 billion, or 37% more. Further, Apple spends only around 2%-3% of its revenue on R&D, compared with 13%-15% for Alphabet.

Apple is no longer a growth company

People are used to thinking of Apple as always putting up monster numbers each year, but the company's success has made it so big that it's getting hard to move the needle. Revenue growth estimates for Apple this year and next are only 1% and 6%, respectively, and earnings growth estimates are similarly in the single digits for the next two years. Single-digit growth numbers are usually reserved for boring staples companies, not innovative tech companies.

Even as a tech hardware seller, Apple previously put up huge growth numbers as it introduced revolutionary products over the years. First there was the iPod, then the iPhone, then the iPad. Investors had high hopes for the Apple Watch, released last year, and although it has done well, it hasn't become a blockbuster to take over the slowing growth of the iPhone yet. The Watch is included in the "other" revenue category, which last quarter only made up 6% of revenue, albeit it is a category that is growing fast, so there could be hope.

Alphabet, on the other hand, has shown robust growth that looks to continue in the future. Revenue is estimated to grow 32% this year and 16% next year, according to analysts, with earnings expected to grow 16% and 18%, respectively, as well.

This isn't to say Apple is a "bad" investment. Far from it -- it's currently a cash cow, returning capital in the form of dividends and share repurchases. The dividend yield for Apple is not-too-shabby at over 2%, in addition to the over $35 billion spent on buybacks last year. Alphabet on the other hand pays no dividend, and only late last year announced a small buyback program.

These factors clearly show how far Apple and Alphabet have diverged: Apple's growth has slowed dramatically and the company is now focusing on returning capital, while Alphabet is still growing at double digits and hasn't really flipped the capital return switch yet. The divergence is further illustrated in their valuation as the market isn't interested in paying more than 10 times earnings for Apple, but is willing to shell out 30 times for Alphabet.

I believe this difference is because Apple is quickly becoming a mature, cash-generating company. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this -- it is largely the result of Apple's success -- and every company would dream of getting to this point. Further, Apple may come out with a new product that blows everyone away. If so, I'll be the first to change my mind. But my point remains, currently Apple no longer looks like a long-term growth investment, and if I had to choose a large-cap company that also had high growth prospects ahead, I would take Alphabet over Apple. Apple Inc. Reportedly Set to Refresh Its Macs Later This Year In its most recent quarter, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Mac product line once again outperformed the broader PC market, with sales down 4% year-over-year against a total PC industry decline of 11% (a number Apple attributes to research firm IDC). Apple's market segment share gains against the rest of the industry have been a running theme for quite a while, and this is just a continuation of that.

Interestingly, even as Apple's competition in the PC space have refreshed their lineups at a rapid pace while Apple "milks" what are now quite mature designs, Apple is still outperforming them.

According to DigiTimes, Apple is planning to refresh its Mac product line across the second half of 2016, something that DigiTimes' sources believe will help to raise Apple's overall Mac average selling prices.

Let's take a closer look at just what Apple has planned and how it might achieve this claimed average selling price uplift.

12-inch Mac and 13.3-inch MacBook models in Q2, 15-inch model in the third

DigiTimes says that Apple plans to update both its 12-inch and 13.3-inch MacBook computers either at the end of the first quarter of 2016 or early in the second quarter of 2016. Considering that Apple launched the 12-inch MacBook and refreshed its MacBook Air computers (11-inch and 13-inch) as well as the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display at its "Spring Forward" event last year, this timing makes sense.

Additionally, DigiTimes claims that the 15-inch MacBook Pro won't see a refresh until the third quarter of 2016, putting the refresh of this device more than a year after it was last refreshed. I suspect that Apple is waiting for new discrete graphics processors built on 14/16-nanometer FinFET manufacturing technology to update this system.

What should we expect to see?

I believe that the update to the 12-inch MacBook will be a fairly straightforward one; from the timing it will almost certainly feature an Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Skylake-based Core m processor (so no dice on Apple potentially holding out for Kaby Lake chips before refreshing the system). This should bring some nice improvements in performance, features, and ultimately battery life.

The "13.3-inch" models have the potential to be much more interesting. It's a virtual certainty that Apple will upgrade the 13.3-inch MacBook Pro to include much more powerful Skylake processors. I also wouldn't be surprised to see Apple update the display on the device to include a wide color gamut panel, similar to what Apple did with the Retina 4K/5K iMac machines.

The open question in my mind is: "What about the 13.3-inch MacBook Air?"

On one hand, I could see Apple substantially overhauling the 13.3-inch MacBook Air, essentially delivering a more powerful system that strongly resembles a "scaled up" 12-inch MacBook. Such a system would likely use a 15-watt Skylake-U processor (likely the Core i7-6560U with Iris Graphics for the built-to-order option and the Core i7-6260U for the base model).

In such a lineup, I would see no need for the company to refresh the 11.6-inch MacBook Air as it would be made redundant by the 12-inch MacBook.

One more thing...

Although it's likely not a large part of Apple's Mac sales, I do think that Apple will refresh the Mac Pro. Intel has said that the Xeon E5 v4 processors that would be suitable for such a system will arrive sometime in the first half of 2016, so a refresh of the Mac Pro (which is using Intel Xeon processors from 2013) within the next six months wouldn't be a surprise at all.

I wouldn't expect such a system in late Q1/early Q2, though -- a launch at the 2016 World Wide Developers conference would probably be the "right" time to launch the system.

Foolish takeaway

Apple has done very well with Mac, continuing to gain share against the competition. I believe that with new, refreshed systems Apple should be able to continue to gain share and even see the average selling price boost mentioned earlier. Apple Inc - Top U.S. official to meet EU antitrust team on tax - Reuters  
2016-12-29
Apple, Inc. Has a Major Disconnect Between the Buy-Side and the Sell-Side If it wasn't clear by now, investors should always take sell-side research notes with a grain of salt (or more), and they should never act solely based on said research reports. Sell-side analyst opinions are but one of many factors that investors should incorporate into investing decisions. Ironically, that's the takeaway that's underscored in...a recent sell-side research report from UBS.

According to the report (via Business Insider), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) actually ranks as the most underweight holding among global fund managers. All around the world, fund managers are allocating less of their portfolios to Apple than their respective benchmark indexes, suggesting that the buy-side doesn't have a whole lot of confidence in the Mac maker's ability to outperform the broader market. Meanwhile, sell-side ratings and price targets are generally quite bullish, with mostly buy ratings and price targets that are well above current prices -- representing significant upside if shares can actually get there.

Consider the fact that analyst price targets on Apple go as high as $185, but average out around $132. With shares currently trading at around $116 and change, those estimates represent potential upside of 60% and 14%, respectively. So what gives?

I don't find your lack of faith disturbing

Not all sell-side analysts are created equal, even if their estimates are included in the consensus forecasts. For example, that Street high price target of $185 comes from Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White. Over the years, White has covered Apple at several Wall Street firms but almost always maintained the highest price target on the Street. White also seemingly has a fondness for repeating numbers. At various times in the past, he has previously assigned price targets (pre-split) of $777, $888, and $1,111.

White has a pretty mixed track record in terms of predictions. Perhaps the most confounding was the "iRing" that he predicted in 2013 that would accompany an Apple TV set as an interface play that would "revolutionize the TV experience forever." While White is an extreme example, both for some of his outlandish predictions over the years as well as his presumed fixation with having the Street high price target at all times, the bigger point is that the buy side isn't easily swayed by overly bullish forecasts.

Even Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster, who is generally well-regarded within the Apple investment community, has made his fair share of incorrect calls over the years. Munster is leaving Piper to pursue a career in venture capital, but most recently assigned a price target of $155, which his successor analyst Michael Olson is maintaining.

Additionally, keep in mind that the buy-side and the sell-side have completely different incentive structures, which may contribute to the disconnect in sentiment; the buy-side hopes to deliver investment returns (ideally outperformance) to underlying shareholders (earning management fees), while the sell-side hopes to attract the buy-side to trade through the brokerage (typically generating unscrupulous soft-dollar revenue). If you wanted to be a real skeptic, you could also allege that sell-side analysts also hope to earn a covered company's goodwill with positive coverage, which might win some investment banking business (despite the presence of the Chinese wall).

You can't model for sentiment

Beyond product-based predictions, price targets and other financial forecasts are also highly subjective. Price targets are often derived from discounted cash flow models, and then peer-based comparative valuation multiples are subsequently applied. Sometimes a sum-of-the-parts (SOTP) analysis is used.

Even if the revenue estimates prove accurate, there's really no way for analysts to gauge investor sentiment, which directly affects what valuation multiples the market will assign to shares. Simply put, if the buy-side lacks faith in Apple's ability to grow from these levels, then the market will naturally gravitate toward lower multiples than perhaps sell-siders are assigning in their price targets and investment ratings. 
2016-07-19
Apple Inc. May Be Launching 3 New iPhones This Fall Early on in the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2016 iPhone rumor cycle, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo floated the idea that the iDevice maker might introduce two variants of its next-generation 5.5-inch iPhone: one with a single-lens camera and one with a dual-lens camera.

However, the analyst later revised that prediction, saying that the company would only introduce a single version of the next 5.5-inch iPhone. And, unsurprisingly, it would come with a dual lens camera.

But a recent image leaked to the web shows what appear to be mockups of three distinct iPhone models: iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPhone 7 Pro. The first two sport single-lens rear-facing cameras, while the last one shows a device that's nearly identical to the iPhone 7 Plus, but with a dual-lens camera instead.

This image has renewed speculation that the iDevice maker might be planning to put out not just two, but three, new phones in this coming product cycle.

Could be a good way to bolster average selling prices

If Apple does release these three new models, then I would expect that the iPhone 7/7 Plus (if that's what they're ultimately called) to come in at the same price points as the prior-generation models. The Pro model, featuring the dual-lens camera, would then come at a premium.

This strategy would have the potential to bolster Apple's average selling prices. Indeed, for those customers who really value unique camera performance and features, the iPhone Pro could be worth a premium.

At the same time, Apple also appears to be improving its single-lens iPhone camera as well. The leaks that I've seen show a substantially larger camera lens, which could imply that Apple will both widen the maximum aperture of the lenses and even transition to a next-generation CMOS image sensor featuring larger pixels.

In other words, Apple still delivers a generational improvement for the standard iPhones while at the same time introducing an interesting new feature in a higher-end model for those willing to pay extra.

An iPhone Pro would give Apple added freedom

In addition to a dual-lens camera, Apple could opt to endow a potential iPhone Pro with other specification enhancements to really appeal to those buyers that value such features. After all, such a device would likely sell for much more than the standard iPhone Plus model, and Apple could restrict the storage sizes on the Pro models to, say, 128 gigabytes and 256 gigabytes, to further drive upsell.

At much higher prices, Apple could potentially add features that would otherwise be too cost prohibitive. A higher resolution, higher-quality display relative to the one found in the iPhone 7 Plus, for example, could make it into a Pro model. Additional memory and very aggressively binned A10 running at even higher frequencies than typical could also be possibilities.

As Apple faces intense competition from many lesser-known vendors, the company needs to be sure to field products that represent the pinnacle of smartphone technology and innovation. A specialized iPhone Pro model could be the way that Apple gets the bleeding-edge features that couldn't quite make it into the mainstream iPhone models into the hands of consumers. 
2016-08-19
Apple Watch: A Glimpse Of The Future  Apple Inc's upcoming Macbook Pros could provide revenue boost Investors are keying in on the upcoming launch of Apple Inc. s new iPhone 7, but a potential refresh of the Macbook Pro shouldn t be overlooked.

While Mac revenues account for only 10 to 15 per cent of Apple s total sales, RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani believes the first overhaul of the Pro in four years could provide a meaningful revenue lift.

Mac revenues have declined for three consecutive quarters on an year-over-year basis so far in fiscal 2016, so a return to to growth in 2017 would likely be welcomed by investors.

 A potential reaccelerating of Mac revenues, in addition to the extra week in December, bodes positively for Apple and should enable total revenue growth solidly in the positive territory for fiscal 2017,  Daryanani said in a research note.

He believes Apple will release new Macbook Pros around October or November of this year. They are expected to come in 13-inch and 15-inch form factors, with new LED touch screen displays that replace function keys, an option for more powerful graphics, and USB-C technology.

Daryanani also noted that the new Macbook Pros will have Intel processors and the Sierra Operating system with Siri functionality, better image-management software, and improved iCloud Drive functions.

Meanwhile, recent data from Gartner suggests the PC market may be improving somewhat. Despite seven straight quarters of year-over-year declines, Daryanani pointed out that total worldwide PC shipments fell just 5.1 per cent in the June quarter.

Apple s share of the market stayed flat at about 7.1 per cent, indicating what the analyst considers a moderation in momentum from 2015.

 We think a new Macbook Pro launch could enable a reaccelerating in share gains,  he said, reiterating an outperform rating and US$117 price target on Apple shares. Lyft in recent months held talks or made approaches to sell itself- NYT  
2016-08-03
Apple Inc.'s Biggest Problem in 2 Words Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has enjoyed tremendous success with its iPhone series of smartphones. The company practically redefined the notion of a smartphone with the first iPhone and has, with subsequent iPhone releases, brought compelling new features and use cases to the product category.

Although it would be ridiculous to claim that the smartphone innovation is nearing an end -- I expect that the phones Apple sells in five years will be dramatically different and substantially better than what it sells today -- the iDevice maker does have a very serious long-term problem on its hands: the problem of "good enough."

What do people do with their smartphones?

At some point, smartphones will become "good enough" for what the average smartphone user is interested in doing. comScore put out a report showing the top 15 most used smartphone applications in the United States at the end of last year. You can see the full list here.

Looking at this list, it's clear that the most common uses for smartphones include:

Communicating via social media.

Watching videos.

Checking stocks.

Listening to music.

Buying stuff.

I would imagine that browsing the web via a web browser such as Apple's Safari is also an extremely popular use case.

At some point, a phone becomes "good enough" for all of the above use cases. If the iPhone 6 didn't represent such a "good enough" device, the iPhone 6s, with its extremely fast A9 chip and two gigabytes of memory, certainly does, in my mind.

The "good enough" problem

I don't mean to suggest that the smartphones of tomorrow won't do things much better than the smartphones of today. Smartphones are multidimensional products and with each generation, companies put out devices that are better along multiple different vectors.

Communication speeds (cellular and Wi-Fi) will get better, processing power will continue to improve, display technology still has a lot of room to improve, and so on. And, since smartphones seem to be devices that people often buy out of want rather than out of need, upgrade cycles will probably never get to be as long as, say, typical personal computer upgrade cycles.

However, I do think that upgrade cycles are lengthening as the improvements generation-on-generation in the smartphone market become less obvious to the average consumer.

Take, for example, what we saw with the iPhone 6s. An incredible amount of engineering went into the iPhone 6s and from a technical perspective, the device is quite impressive. The implementation of 3D Touch was certainly an engineering triumph (read this piece in Bloomberg to understand), the A9 processor is a truly excellent, world-class piece of semiconductor technology, the second-generation Touch ID is quite nice, and much more.

The problem is that because potential customers' current smartphones already work quite well, it's much harder to convince people to part with the substantial amount of cash required to buy in "nice-to-have" features.

Can Apple's iPhone business return to sustainable growth?

Apple's job now is multifaceted as iPhone sales dropped in the most recent quarter but still make up 57% of Apple's total net sales. First, it needs to build increasingly desirable products that put prior generation products to shame and can help the company gain share in the overall smartphone market.

Beyond that, though, Apple needs to figure out compelling use cases that drive customers to upgrade to newer phones. These use cases can't be gimmicky or obviously designed as "tech demos" for new hardware features. They need to be genuinely useful to the average smartphone buyer.

Can the iDevice maker pull it off? Only time will tell. 
2016-09-26
Apple Inc.'s Jet Black iPhone Is Ridiculously Hard to Make Anybody who has tried to buy one of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus smartphones has probably noticed that it's tough to get ahold of these phones in Apple's new Jet Black finish.

It's clear that demand for phones, particularly the larger iPhone 7 Plus, is quite robust. However, the apparently unexpected level of demand for this finish isn't the only major driver of the huge supply/demand balance that currently exists.

Per respected KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, this Jet Black finish is also exceedingly difficult to manufacture right now.

How low are manufacturing yields right now?

Kuo says (via MacRumors) that the manufacturing yields for the Jet Black iPhone 7/7 Plus are currently in the 60%-70% range. What this means is that for every 100 Jet Black casings that Apple and its manufacturing partners attempt to produce, 30%-40% are unusable.

Allow me to explain why, at least from a financial perspective, such low yields can be extremely problematic for Apple.

The first, and perhaps most obvious, impact of low manufacturing yields is that Apple simply won't be able to build as many phones as it had hoped to. This means Apple can't meet demand as quickly as it would like to, which frustrates potential buyers.

The next impact is to gross margins/profitability. There are costs associated with the manufacture of these iPhone casings (both raw material costs and depreciation), so when Apple is forced to not use an iPhone casing that comes off the line, it has to incur the manufacturing cost of that casing without seeing the associated revenue that should have come from selling the device, hurting profitability.

Why can't Apple just put in more capacity to meet demand?

It might seem like a good idea for Apple to simply put in more manufacturing capacity for the Jet Black iPhones to offset the lower manufacturing yields.

There are a couple of problems with that.

First of all, a company can't simply snap its fingers and have manufacturing capacity put in the next day. Building out additional capacity takes time.

However, perhaps a stronger argument against such "overprovisioning" to compensate for yields is that over time, manufacturing yields will improve, and demand for these phones will inevitably decline.

This means if Apple puts in too much capacity to try to compensate for early yield issues, eventually, the company and its manufacturing partners will find themselves with too much iPhone manufacturing capacity installed.

Having too much capacity, from a financial perspective, means Apple still incurs the depreciation expense associated with the additional production equipment, but that equipment isn't productive. This would ultimately hurt Apple's gross profit margins and, thus, overall profitability -- much to the chagrin of Apple stockholders.

Manufacturing is tricky business

At the end of the day, manufacturing expensive, complex devices at the scale Apple does is extremely difficult. There are negative consequences to having too much capacity in place, and at the same time, there are real issues involved with not putting in enough capacity (or putting in "enough" capacity, but then yield issues bring down a company's effective output).

Potential buyers looking to get their hands on the Jet Black iPhone will just need to wait for demand to die down and/or for Apple to improve its manufacturing yields on those models. This is a bummer, but investors should at least rest assured that the iDevice maker is doing its best to maximize long-term shareholder value. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Working to Crack Serious iOS 10 Security Issue A few years ago, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) learned some tough lessons about security when iCloud accounts were hacked in a big way. However, it looks like not everyone on the iOS team got the memo on the importance of security. It turns out hacking an encrypted iOS 10 iPhone backup can be accomplished 2,500 times faster than in iOS 9, after Apple opted to skip some iOS 10 security checks.

Source: Apple

The good news? This time, it doesn t affect iCloud backups, only those saved to a Mac or PC. The bad news? Apple stock still is off about 1% on Monday morning as yet another flaw strikes

Elcomsoft Discovers iOS 10 Security Flaw

Do you recognize the name Elcomsoft? This Russian forensics company was in the spotlight in 2014 when its software was used for the infamous hack of celebrity photos saved using Apple s iCloud.

It s bad enough that a major iOS 10 security flaw that could expose personal data has been discovered.

Having Elcomsoft make the announcement rubs salt in the wound.

The company discovered that AAPL incorporated an  alternative password verification mechanism  in iOS 10, and this new routine skips a number of security checks that were in place in iOS 9. As a result, brute-force attacks can crack the password of an iOS 10 device back-up on a Mac or PC 2,500 times faster than before.

Elcomsoft says its software has an 80% to 90% chance of cracking the backup of an iPhone running iOS 10 in two days   and that s without a GPU-optimized version. Once that s available, the situation gets worse.

How Bad is This iOS 10 Security Flaw?

If someone was able to decrypt an iOS 10 device backup, they would gain access to all data backed up from the iPhone or iPad, including media, call logs and the Keychain. That last could be the worst part because Keychain is where Apple stores critical data like passwords and credit card info. Gain access to Keychain and you can wreak all sorts of financial and social media havoc.

What keeps this iOS 10 security snafu from becoming another potential PR disaster for AAPL is that a hacker would need to gain physical access to the Mac or PC where the iPhone backup was stored. That limits the opportunity to exploit the weakness, even though Elcomsoft classifies the issue as  severe. 

It s still serious enough that Apple issued a rare statement to Forbes, stating a fix is in the works and recommending users ensure their computers are safe:

 We re aware of an issue that affects the encryption strength for backups of devices on iOS 10 when backing up to iTunes on the Mac or PC. We are addressing this issue in an upcoming security update. This does not affect iCloud backups. We recommend users ensure their Mac or PC are protected with strong passwords and can only be accessed by authorized users. Additional security is also available with FileVault whole disk encryption. 

Until AAPL releases a fix, if you back your iPhone up to your Mac or PC, the iOS 10 security weakness gives you more reason than ever to make sure your computer itself is protected.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: 
2016-11-03
Apple, Inc. Is Losing Global Smartphone Market Share Slowly but surely, the global smartphone market is growing again. Growth has undoubtedly decelerated in recent years, even dipping into negative territory for the first time ever earlier this year, as developed markets reached saturation and sales in those regions transitioned toward upgrades instead of first-time purchases, but there are still many parts of the world where adoption is low.

Strategy Analytics has released its estimates for the third quarter on global unit volumes, and the market researcher estimates that worldwide shipments grew 6% in the third quarter to 375.4 million. Android continues to dominate the global landscape, and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is growing its share at the expense of all other platforms. There were nearly 330 million Android handsets shipped, comprising 87.5% market share. Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 45.5 million iPhones were good enough to grab 12.1% share -- down from 13.6% a year ago. All other platforms combined saw units fall 84%.

Platform Q3 2015 Share Q3 2016 Share Android 84.1% 87.5% iOS 13.6% 12.1% Others 2.3% 0.3%

Specifically, unit growth is coming from emerging markets where adoption remains low, such as India and South Africa. Given Android's dominance at lower price points, it makes sense that the search giant is capturing these first-time adopters. Within the confines of Apple's premium pricing strategy, it's also trying to make iPhones more affordable, but the pricing disparity is still dramatic. Strategy Analytics notes that Apple didn't fare well in China or Africa last quarter.

A second opinion

The figures are comparable but slightly different than IDC's estimates that came a week ago. IDC pegged third-quarter units up just 1% to 362.9 million, with Apple grabbing 12.5% share. While Apple reported a 30% drop in Greater China revenue, local rivals like OPPO and vivo in the Middle Kingdom are enjoying breakneck growth. OPPO saw unit volumes surge 122% while vivo shipped about twice as many phones. Huawei also grew 23%, as its peers catch up.

Apple losing global smartphone market share isn't really a new phenomenon, and it has never been the company's goal to ship the most units. The iPhone maker is still the most profitable handset manufacturer in the world, precisely because it refuses to compete on price alone. That being said, it's still discouraging to see Apple miss some opportunities in emerging markets, an area where it has long been weak.

Maybe not now, but the iPhone SE has potential over time. At $400, the iPhone SE is the lowest price point that Apple has ever launched an iPhone at. That's still quite pricey in many emerging markets, where you can buy an Android smartphone for as low as $100, but think of the iPhone SE's $400 as a starting point. Over time, if Apple keeps the device in production and lowers the cost as it ages even further, it can become competitive.

Still, with these estimates out, you have to wonder what Apple is talking about when it brags about high levels of Android switchers on every earnings call. 
2016-12-12
Can Tim Cook's Meeting With Donald Trump Revitalize Apple?  Apple Could Pay A $35 Dividend In 2017 On January 20th of next year, Donald Trump will become president of the United States. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors should cheer that fact even more joyously than Trump himself, for the simple reason that corporate tax reform is going to happen, and Apple is going to receive perhaps the largest one-time benefit in the history of corporations. Below, I'm going to show you what exactly that means: how large a dividend Apple could pay, and why a one-time special dividend is the best use of cash.

The Situation

As a US-based corporation, Apple has the unenviable position of international profits being taxed at the US's extremely high corporate tax rate of 35%. Instead of bringing international profits back to America (and paying the absurd taxes), Apple has decided to let the cash languish offshore until a more friendly tax code is devised. One of the staples of Donald Trump's economic policy has been to lower the corporate tax rate or use a tax holiday to bring home the trillions of dollars that corporations are holding abroad. Now that we've got that out of the way, let's get to it.

How much cash can Apple bring home?

This number is going to be quite fluid, depending on any number of factors: the new corporate tax rate (25%? 15%?), whether there's a corporate tax holiday for repatriating cash (the Bush administration oversaw a 5.25% tax holiday in 2004), whether there are stipulations attached to the repatriation (i.e. spend at least 25% of repatriated cash on investment/wages etc). But, thanks to Excel, it's easy to model these! First, let's come up with the inputs:

Amount of cash to repatriate: As of Apple's 10-K filing in 2016, Apple had $216B in cash held outside the USA. By the time the new administration enacts new tax policy, let's say that grows by ~ $4B (extremely conservative) to $220B. Of course, Apple won't take all of that home in case cash is needed outside the US for whatever purposes. Let's leave Ireland $20B of walking around money, meaning Apple will repatriate a nice, round $200B of cash. (Kudos to Open Square Capital's latest Apple article for demonstrating the need to leave some cash in Ireland, a point largely ignored by most.)

Tax rate: Here's where things get dicey. The current US corporate tax rate is 35%. Trump has spoken of getting that number down to 15% - it would be hard to imagine anything more than 25% being the new corporate tax level. As mentioned above, however, a tax holiday during the Bush administration allowed companies to bring back cash at a mere 5.25% tax rate, which isn't completely out of the picture. So, we'll model a tax rate of 5.25-25%.

Percent of repatriated cash used for dividends: Once we have the after-tax number, how much of that will be used for dividends? I'll break it down into bins of 20%. This will give you a rough estimate of what could be paid out depending on your assumptions. For instance, pretend that the Trump administration requires 20% of repatriated cash during a tax holiday to be used on tangible capex and Apple decides to use 10% on buy backs and 10% on acquisitions of attractive companies. That leaves you with 60% of repatriated cash available for a special dividend.

Here's how that all works out:

Yes, you're reading that right. If Trump reenacts the Bush tax holiday of 2004 (5.25% tax rate) and Apple decides to spend all (100%) of the repatriated cash as a special dividend, you're getting a check worth $35.53 for every share of Apple stock you own.

Challenges on getting to a $35 dividend

Unfortunately, there are a few challenges on getting to a $35 dividend. The most important hurdle is the tax rate: I believe a 5.25% tax holiday to be extremely generous and unlikely in the current political climate due to the large political capital congressional Republicans would have to expend to get a rate that low. Far more likely is the 15% realized tax rate. This is the targeted tax rate of the Trump tax plan, and wouldn't require any additional corporate tax holiday, while still being low enough to encourage repatriation of cash.

Further, Apple could use the cash on acquisitions. Although large acquisitions are anathema to Apple, they have made a few splashes, most notably their investments in Beats ($3B) and Didi Chuxing ($1B). With such a large cash pile, Apple could feel the time is ripe to make a large strategic investment to bolster the ecosystem or "Services" business segment that management has been promoting. Pandora (NYSE:P), Spotify, Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) all beckon as plausible takeover targets. The total cost to acquire all four of the mentioned companies would be about $80B.

Finally, part of a repatriation deal may entail a requirement for hard capex or employment of US workers. In order to fulfill this, it is easy to imagine Apple creating a multi-billion dollar assembly plant within US borders for assembly of at least US-facing consumer electronics. Using the Tesla "Gigafactory" as a proxy for a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at a cost of $5B, we can project a similar hard capex cost. Let's double that to get to $10B to cover extensive training, hiring and administrative costs for an operating segment that is essentially new territory for Apple.

If we assume all of these hurdles:

A tax rate of 15%; An acquisition spree of $80B; and A large US-Capex project

we come to a final cash hoard of $15 per share. This should demonstrate the substantial size of the Apple cash hoard that is being repatriated: even given a massive acquisition spree (including four high-valuation growth names) and a massive capex project, Apple still would be left with $15 per share to be used on share repurchases, increasing the dividend, or a special dividend.

Now, what's the best use of all that cash that we're bringing back home? Bill Maurer and Open Square Capital have both done an admirable job at taking a shot at the idea - unfortunately both are wrong. The better use of Apple's newfound cash hoard is a special, one-time dividend, not an increased quarterly dividend or lengthy and large share buyback. Here's why:

Money today > Money in 2091

(Link to the meme)

Bill Maurer makes the argument that the existing dividend could be substantially increased and sustained for many years, which is certainly true. He proposed an increase to at least the level of long-term US treasury yields, i.e. an increase of ~ $2.5B per year in dividends paid. At that rate, the repatriated cash would be completely distributed after ... drumroll please ... 60-75(!!!) years. Unless someone under the age of 18 is reading this (in which case, go outside and make a snowman), you'll be dead by the time Apple finishes distributing that cash. Even if Apple increases the dividend by 10% per year, it would still take 20 years to burn through that cash. In the words of perhaps the greatest commercial of all time: "It's my money, and I need it now!" The time-value of money makes a large special dividend preferable over a small increase over time.

Massive buybacks are self-defeating

Open Square Capital is of the idea that a large share buyback program is the better idea. The main thrust of his argument is that A) share price will be increased, and B) buybacks are tax-advantaged. This is normally true, but the Apple situation is somewhat special. As mentioned, the announcement that Apple is going to repurchase ~$125B worth of stock will instantly jolt the stock price upward, easily by 10-20%. That's actually a bad thing: now we're using our repatriated cash at a 10%-20% penalty to what we would have otherwise had since the stock is more expensive to repurchase. With dividends only being taxed at a rate of 15-20%, the simple announcement of a massive buyback will nullify the tax-advantaged status of a buyback by causing such a large swing in the stock price. Though this wouldn't normally be the case, it is simply because of the massive amounts of money we're talking about (one-third of Apple's market cap is cash).

Getting the dividend off the balance sheet (and share price)

The last reason I'm hoping and praying for a $35 dividend next year is the most basic: I think Apple is extremely undervalued, but this fact is hidden by Apple's extreme cash hoard. Consider the following:

After Apple's (presumed) $35 dividend the stock price will decrease by $35, while earnings should remain the same. This will move Apple's P/E ratio from ~13.3x to ~9.2x. I think anyone looking at a company trading at a 9.2x multiple with sustainable cash flows and a world-dominating position is going to have a hard time not hitting the buy button. Repeatedly. Of course, nothing has really changed about the company's prospects, but I think removing the cash overhang will demonstrate with extreme precision just how undervalued shares of Apple are.

Conclusion

There you have it: it's possible for Apple to pay a $35 special dividend next year. Whether or not they do is a function of a number of inputs, which you can play around with in the table above. However, given even a massive capex and acquisition spree, Apple can still return $15 per share to stockholders. I will certainly be watching management closely in the coming months to see what their guidance is for repatriated cash. Apple Inc. Stock Has Been Underperforming The S&P: Is A Rally Coming? (AAPL) Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) stock has trailed the S&P 500 this year so far as investors have been concerned about weak iPhone sales. Most analysts continue to see its weakness as being unjustified, as their Pollyanna-esque view of the iPhone maker just won t quit.

But will 2017 be any better for Apple or its stock? Most analysts are convinced that it will be, despite the growing number of reports that the company will release a mere iterative update   the iPhone 7s instead of the iPhone 8   next year.

If Apple does this, it will be a huge disappointment for fans and Wall Street alike.

Fans expect something big for the iPhone s tenth anniversary, while analysts have been reassuring investors that 2017 will bring an  iPhone 8 supercycle  that s sure to boost Apple stock.

Why Apple Stock is Like Jason Bourne

Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White, a perennial bull when it comes to Apple stock, called the stock  one of the most underappreciated stocks in the world.  Yes, he wrote  the world  in his Dec. 9 update on his Apple Monitor. He called the iPhone maker s valuation  dispirited  at nine times ex-cash and pointed to the  never ending waterfall of  gloom and doom  media reports. 

He also compared Apple stock to Jason Bourne of The Bourne Identity film series. He called Apple bears in the media  a growing list of adversaries that we liken (i.e., metaphorically speaking) to Jason Bourne s ensemble of hard-charging assassins that never give up the chase but are constantly one step behind.

White said November sales in his Apple Monitor (which includes some of the company s major suppliers) declined 5% month over month in November, missing the average increase of 7% over the last 11 years. He also reported that this year s decline is roughly in line with the 6% decline recorded in November 2015.

White estimates that fourth quarter iPhone sales will grow by about 8% quarter over quarter, based on the November sales and an average performance this month. He reports that the average increase over the last 11 years is 19% quarter over quarter. Last year s fourth quarter saw sales tick upward 7% quarter over quarter.

Is AAPL Stock Poised for a 2017 Rally?

Evercore ISI analyst Rich Ross told CNBC s Trading Nation earlier this week that he likes the setup on Apple stock right now and is expecting a rally in 2017. He notes that the iPhone maker s shares have not been doing as well as other  high fliers  in the Trump rally.

However, he likes it on both a short-term and long-term basis.

CNBC explained that looking at a two-year history of Apple s stock performance, it looks  constrained within the 50- and 200-day moving averages.  Based on that observation, Ross sees a  very nice rounded base of support  building up after a 30% decline.

Looking all the way back to 2009, he observed a similar pattern in Apple s stock chart between 2012 and 2014. As a result, he expects history to repeat itself, resulting in a rally in 2017.

Shares of Apple stock rose by as much as 1.82% to $114.16 during regular trading hours on Friday before closing at $113.95 per share.

The post Apple Stock Has Been Underperforming The S&P 500 But Is A Rally Coming? appeared first on ValueWalk.

Many academics claim investing is a  random walk.  We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name  ValueWalk.  Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace Apple has held talks to invest in $100 billion Softbank Technology Fund that Softbank CEO touted alongside Trump on Friday - CNBC,citing Dow Jones  
2016-02-23
Good News, Bad News For Apple Inc.'s Watch in 2016 If the pundits' expectations prove correct, 2016 could be the year that smartwatches finally go mainstream, led by the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch. The reasons why we say it "could" be the year of the smartwatches rather than "will" be is that the predictions depend on which estimate investors choose to believe, as well as whether device makers can overcome consumer concerns.

Apple has kept mum on the specific sales numbers for its new-ish wearable device, but that hasn't prevented multiple research firms from taking their best shots at guesstimating sales.

One thing is fairly certain: The Apple Watch didn't have the kind of impact on sales of other wearable devices in 2015 -- particularly Fitbit's (NYSE:FIT) market leading fitness trackers -- as industry insiders had expected. That said, Gartner (NYSE:IT) is one of many research firms expecting big things for smartwatches in 2016. But there could be a roadblock on the route to the industry reaching Gartner's lofty smartwatch growth numbers this year and beyond: consumers' willingness to open their wallets.

The good news

Gartner's data suggests there were slightly more than 30 million smartwatches sold in 2015, of which some believe about 50% were Apple devices. It should be noted that Gartner's estimates for 2015 were considerably higher than those of Juniper Research, which pegged sales at 17.1 million units last year. However, both firms agree that the jump in smartwatch adoption was largely due to Apple, and both expect it to be a primary driver of growth moving forward.

On the high end, according to Gartner, 2016 could deliver a 67% jump in smartwatch sales to over 50 million units. And that figure is expected to grow to 66.7 million smartwatches in 2017. Assuming Apple is able to maintain its sizable market share lead, Watch sales meaningfully contributing to the company's top and bottom lines could become a recurring theme.

As it stands, iPhones continue to be the single biggest driver of Apple's results, but the Watch could prove to answer to the question of where its next burst of growth will come from. Regardless, it's safe to say the best is yet to come for the Watch, assuming Apple and other smartwatch manufacturers are able to overcome what appear to be significant barriers to entry for consumers.

The bad news

A survey was conducted of 1,000 Internet users to determine what their reasons were for not buying a smartwatch. An overwhelming 69% responded that the cost was prohibitive, and at least for now, it's easy to see why. Compared to around $100 for a Fitbit device, which is more than adequate to meet the needs of health conscious consumers looking for a metabolic fitness tracker -- a use that is the primary driver of wearable sales -- an Apple Watch is a fairly big leap, expense-wise.

The second biggest hurdle to smartwatch adoption, according to nearly 40% of those surveyed, was that there simply aren't enough reasons to spend about $250 (it was nearly $350 until the recent price cut-for an entry-level Apple Watch) let alone more than twice that for a higher -end device.

Apple's wildly successful iPhone line-up is at least partly to blame for the blas  attitude toward existing smartwatch iteration. The message notification feature of smartwatches, perhaps their biggest differentiator from Fitbit's fitness trackers, is already addressed by the widespread use of smartphones, which seem to be surgically attached to many of the world's mobile consumers.

Folks on the go have become so accustomed to using their smartphones for everything from communication to desktop-like computing functions, today's Watch seems redundant.

The big event Apple has scheduled for March 15 is expected to include the introduction of its new iPhone 5se. Given the recent price drops at some retailers, some have speculated the second-generation Watch will also be unveiled next month.

For investors with an eye toward the Watch as a means to jump-start growth for Apple, consumers have spoken. As it stands, many prospective smartwatch buyers love the concept, but Apple has a couple of hurdles to overcome before it goes mainstream. Here's Why Apple Inc. Didn't Give Us an iPad Air 3 Last Fall Last fall, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which has seen sales of its iPad line of tablet computers plunge over the last two years, didn't roll out an update to its mainstream iPad Air family of devices. Instead, the company introduced customers to the iPad Pro -- a 12.9-inch monster of a tablet with an optional Apple Pencil accessory -- as well as a long overdue update to its iPad mini line.

At first, I thought that Apple had been holding off on releasing the new Air to give its new iPad Pro product its time in the spotlight. However, after reading an excellent profile of Apple chip chief Johnny Srouji in Bloomberg Business, it's become quite clear that the reason that we didn't get an iPad Air 3 last fall was that it simply wasn't ready nor was it intended to be ready in that time.

Did you know that the iPad Pro was delayed?

Bloomberg Business reports the iPad Pro was originally scheduled to launch in the spring of 2015, packing the same A8X processor that the iPad Air 2 launched in the previous fall did.

However, apparently as a result of the fact that numerous aspects of the device were not ready to support a spring 2015 launch, the device was pushed out to last fall.

In order to deliver a satisfactory amount of performance (the A9 chip inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus is faster than the A8X inside of the iPad Air 2), Apple's chip teams reportedly had to pull in the development of the A9X processor by about six months.

What does this have to do with the iPad Air 3?

It's clear that Apple had expected the iPad Pro to, in concert with the iPad Air 2, hold the line for the iPad product family for calendar 2016. Presumably, Apple had hoped to roll out, perhaps, an iPad Pro 2 as well as the iPad Air 3 in March of this year.

This means that Apple had probably planned on getting the iPad Air 3 out in early 2016 all along, hoping that the iPad Pro and the iPad Air 2 would be enough to keep customers interested in iPad throughout the entirety of calendar.

In other words, the development schedules of all of the new components and software innovations that Apple intends to bring out with the iPad Air 3 were targeting early 2016 rather than late 2015.

Such a release cadence actually makes sense. In the fall, Apple would launch its blockbuster flagship iPhones and, in order to stay in the headlines and give customers even more reason to hand their money over to Apple, roll out iPads (and a smaller iPhone) in the spring.

The future for iPad and some thoughts on the Mac

Indeed, I expect that the next time Apple rolls out new iPads after the rumored launch this March will be March 2017. I'd expect to see both an A10X-powered iPad Air 4 and an A10X-powered iPad Pro 2. An A9-powered iPad mini 5 could also make it out next spring alongside the two larger devices.

In addition, with iPhone grabbing the spotlight in the fall and iPad starring in the spring, I expect that future Mac product refreshes (at least portable Macs) will come targeted mainly in the summer/back-to-school season.

This way, Apple allows for each of its product categories time to shine and, perhaps more importantly, stays in investors' minds year round. Apple And IBM Move Forward In Enterprise Cloud Services  Should Apple Inc. Fear the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge? The iPhone 5S in 2013 brought Touch ID to the device, but kept the screen size at 4 inches.

The iPhone 5S in 2013 brought Touch ID to the device, but kept the screen size at 4 inches.

The iPhone 4, from 2010, the same year that the iPad launched. Still 3.5 inches.

The iPhone 4, from 2010, the same year that the iPad launched. Still 3.5 inches.

The iPhone 6S' new 12-MP camera handles high contrast better. Note the balance between the sunlit area and shadow in this cat picture.

The iPhone 6S' new 12-MP camera handles high contrast better. Note the balance between the sunlit area and shadow in this cat picture.

Press and hold on an email in the inbox to bring up a quick view of the mail's contents.

Press and hold on an email in the inbox to bring up a quick view of the mail's contents.

Samsung , following tradition, announced its next-generation flagship smartphones -- the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge -- at a pre-Mobile World Congress event. The device is widely viewed as incremental, serving up solid, but hardly groundbreaking enhancements.

The S7 phones have improved rear-facing and front-facing cameras, faster processor, more system RAM, support for a microSD expansion slot (giving up on trying to up-sell to higher storage capacities, a la Apple ), and so on.

They're a pair of really solid, high-end Android devices.

The question, though, that Apple investors might (read: should) be asking themselves is this: Will the Samsung Galaxy S7 phones have a material, negative impact on demand for the iPhone 6s/6s Plus?

It seems possible

When the full reviews of the S7/S7 Edge come in, I believe that the findings vis-a-vis the iPhone 6s/6s Plus will be the following:

The Samsung phones pack substantially better (both sharper and better image quality) displays.

The Samsung phones are able to fit more screen into a smaller physical footprint (thanks to much narrower bezels).

The Samsung phones have much better cameras.

Apple will of course have the advantage of running iOS and it will have 3D Touch, but 3D Touch has not proven to be the inevitable feature for most people that the iDevice maker had hoped it would be.

I think those reviews, if they come out and say what I think they're going to say, could very well serve to steer customers away from Apple's iPhone 6s/6s Plus (which are already suffering from tepid demand in the marketplace) toward Samsung's flagships.

What Apple needs to do to respond

Frankly, this is exactly why Apple needs to shift away from its tick-tock strategy and deliver meaningful improvements across every vector each year. The iPhone 6s/6s Plus should have included higher-quality, sharper displays. Apple also appears to have dropped the ball on the camera with the 6s/6s Plus, with third-party tests often claiming minimal image quality improvements over the iPhone 6/6 Plus.

There's little that Apple can do until it launches the iPhone 7/7 Plus in the September time frame. However, when it does launch those devices, it had better come out with a heck of a phone. The device needs to be so ahead of the curve when it comes out that it can withstand whatever innovations that the likes of Samsung have in store for the Galaxy S8, which is likely to launch in the March/April 2017 timeframe.

I have every confidence that Apple's chip team will deliver with the A10; indeed, the A9 is -- in my book -- a superior processor to either the Exynos 8890 or the Snapdragon 820 that power the Galaxy S7, and I think that Apple has something amazing cooking with the A10.

It's up to the rest of the teams within Apple (and outside of Apple, since Apple works closely with third-party suppliers) to deliver. The iPhone 7's display needs to be incredible  -- extremely sharp, beautiful, and power efficient.

The industrial design needs to be absolutely stunning; beautiful enough so that competitors wonder why they didn't think of it before, and innovative enough that actually imitating it will be difficult.

The good news is that this is likely exactly what Apple is cooking up given the massive increase in its research and development budget over the last couple of years.

Three companies poised to explode when cable dies

Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click here for their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!

The article Should Apple Inc. Fear the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge? originally appeared on Fool.com.

Copyright   1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool, LLC. All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 
2016-02-25
Why I'm Ditching My Apple Inc. iPhone 6s Plus I am disappointed in Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). After a monster iPhone 6/6 Plus cycle, the company released the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. These phones had a number of interesting enhancements over the prior generation (the A9 chip is a first-rate piece of engineering and 3D Touch is quite the technological feat), but given how poorly they're doing in the marketplace, it simply wasn't enough of a leap forward to get customers truly excited.

As a technology enthusiast (and, frankly, an Apple product enthusiast), I bought both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus. The iPhone 6s is (and will remain) my work line, while the iPhone 6s Plus is what I use on my personal line.

However, following the launch of the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S7/S7 Edge, I plan to sell my iPhone 6s Plus and replace it with the Galaxy S7 Edge that I have preordered. Here's why.

It's all about the display and the camera

The iPhone 6s Plus has a decent display, but it's hardly class leading these days. Many of the Android flagships on the market today have better displays and the latest crop of devices announced at Mobile World Congress 2016, including the Galaxy S7/S7 Edge, only extend that lead.

The S6 already had a superior camera to the iPhone 6s/6s Plus (which were, frankly, lazy efforts on the camera side of things), and what Samsung has done with the S7 should -- just as it has on the display -- leave the iPhone 6s/6s Plus further in the dust.

At first, I found myself lamenting that I'd have to wait another six months or so before I would be able to get my hands on a large iPhone with a significantly improved display and camera. That's a really long time in technology.

However, after sitting here frustrated about this fact, I realized something: I don't have to wait for the next iPhone in order to get my hands on a phone that might have best-in-class displays and camera; I can just put a preorder in for the Galaxy S7 Edge and get what I'm looking for now.

I still prefer iOS/Apple ecosystem, but the S7 Edge should tide me over

I like iOS; I like it a lot. If I had to own just one smartphone, I would probably just suck it up and wait for the iPhone 7/7 Plus in order to get what I'm looking for.

However, both the display and the camera on a smartphone are extremely important to me, which is leading me to give the S7 Edge a try.

To be blunt, I don't think Samsung's TouchWiz user interface is very good (stock Android is substantially better) and just about all of my paid apps reside on iOS, not on Android. However, since I use my phone primarily to surf the web, take photos, and play the occasional free-to-play game, and since I'll still have my iPhone 6s handy, I think I'll be fine.

Step it up, Apple

I want Apple to deliver something truly breathtaking with the iPhone 7 and there's every indication that future iPhones should be quite impressive. If the iPhone 7 is truly the game changer that I hope it will be, then I'll gladly sell the S7 Edge that arrives at my doorstep on March 11.

If the iPhone 7 can't make the S7/S7 Edge look obsolete, then I'll have to seriously think about moving the work line to an Android device (be it from Samsung or another vendor) as well. Debunking This Apple Inc. Chip Rumor for Good A little while ago, a rumor came out claiming that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming A10 processor would be built on TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) upcoming 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology. Following this, I argued that TSMC's 10-nanometer technology simply wouldn't be ready in time based on what the company has said publicly.

Although I was confident in my reasoning, I decided to do a little more digging to verify my suspicions. To that end, I shot off an email to TSMC's Elizabeth Sun, senior director of TSMC's corporate communications division.

10-nanometer risk production

TSMC typically has two "phases" of production. The first is known as risk production. When I asked Sun about the definition of risk production a few years ago, she indicated that it means that customers can submit chip designs for "small quantity production" and that it also means that the technology has been "qualified."

TSMC had previously said that its 10-nanometer technology would enter risk production in the fourth quarter of 2015. Given that it usually takes about a year or so to go from "risk production" to "high-volume production," if TSMC were still on this schedule it would be extremely tight for Apple to get the A10 in high volumes for a September launch.

According to Sun, in a recent exchange, TSMC is targeting risk production start on the 10-nanometer in the first quarter of 2016 (about a one quarter slip) but it has "already started customer product tape-out" activity on the technology.

What this means for A10

If the A10 were built on the 10-nanometer technology, TSMC's 10-nanometer timeline would suggest that Apple would only just now be able to submit 10-nanometer designs to TSMC. Furthermore, if Apple were to submit the A10 design on 10-nanometer to TSMC today, it would be about three months (typical fab cycle time) before Apple got back first silicon.

This would imply that Apple wouldn't even be able to build prototypical iPhones until around May of 2016. And if, heaven forbid, the A10 didn't work correctly on the first go, Apple would need to spend months modifying the design and waiting another three months for silicon to come back from the fab.

Another thing to keep in mind is that even if Apple nailed the design on the first try and was ready to start manufacturing the A10 in mass quantities starting in May/June, there's the question of TSMC's 10-nanometer manufacturing yields.

Just because the technology is qualified doesn't mean that the yields are any good. In fact, typically speaking, once the technology is qualified, the chip manufacturer spends about a year or so trying to ramp yields in order for the process to be economically viable for its customers.

Given the kinds of wafer volumes that Apple needs, low yields just aren't going to work. Why? Well, suppose that TSMC's A10 yields are just 50% (the goal is usually at least 80%). This means that in order for Apple to get the wafers it needs, TSMC would need to have 1.6 times the capacity that it would have in place if yields were at mature, production-worthy levels.

So, say, TSMC put in all of this extra capacity in advance (knowing it would have to ramp 10-nanometer early for Apple). Once the yields come up to good levels, TSMC would effectively have much more unit capacity in place. TSMC in this case had better be sure that many other customers are lined up to fill that extra capacity; it's not clear that enough companies are even going to bother with the 10-nanometer node given TSMC's intention to quickly move to 7-nanometer.

Bottom line: A10 is a 16-nanometer FinFET Plus part

I am completely convinced that the A10 will not be a 10-nanometer manufactured part. The word has been for some time that TSMC has won this business exclusively and that it will be a 16-nanometer FinFET Plus part, and that's what I'm counting on. 
2016-10-03
Will Apple, Inc. Ever Give Up on Numbered iPhones? Enough is enough.

I know, I know -- I bring this up every year. But that's because Apple, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) ongoing practice of numbered iPhones gets more and more ridiculous every year. It used to kind of make a little bit of sense -- sort of. It started with the iPhone 4, which was actually the fourth-generation iPhone that Apple made. But over time and several iterations of Apple's borrowed tick-tock S cycles, it got out of hand. Quickly.

Apple developed a habit of changing the numbering every other year, when it introduced iPhones with new industrial designs. In between those years, it appended S on for iterative spec bumps (S initially stood for "speed" back in 2009).

That would have normally presented a dilemma for 2016, since for the first time this year's model used the same overall design for the third year running. But since "iPhone 6SS" is just plain absurd, Apple went ahead and added a number. But what does Apple do next year, when it is expected introduce a redesigned iPhone that is potentially made of glass and features a wraparound OLED display?

8 is not great

The Apple media has already started casually referring to the 2017 iPhone as the iPhone 8, but Patently Apple has spotted some fresh evidence that Apple may indeed go this route. Apple has filed for a couple of figurative 8 trademarks in different countries, stylizing an 8 using the recognizable activity rings from Apple Watch.

Apple does use this icon to represent activity sharing, which is a big part of the social push for Apple Watch, but there is also some speculation that Apple will use this icon to stylize iPhone 8 next year.

It's not a matter of if, but when

There should be no question that Apple must get away from the numbers eventually. I really hope we're not still having this conversation in five years, if Apple releases the iPhone 10 in 2021, the 15th-generation iPhone. If we accept that inevitability, then Apple should transition to a more sustainable branding system sooner rather than later.

The iPhone SE has no number associated with it, which is progress. Apple is seemingly doing away with numbers in the iPad family as well, with the recent iPad Pros being denoted partially in the same way as Macs (display size). Apple needs to just shift to the same system that it uses in the Mac, identifying models by display size and year.

Please stop, Apple. Apple, Inc. Could Have 3 New iPads Up Its Sleeve For the past couple of years, Apple, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad product cycles have been a bit unpredictable. The company shifted away from annual releases a couple years ago, presumably because Apple realized that tablet upgrade cycles are longer and frequent redesigns and refreshes weren't as necessary. For instance, Apple only launched the 12.9-inch iPad Pro at its September 2015 event, alongside a refreshed iPad Mini 4 with internal spec bumps.

Well, we could be in store for as many as three new iPads launching within a matter of months.

Three's company

Japanese blog Mac Otakara is reporting that Apple is preparing to introduce a handful of iPad Pros next spring, including a 7.9-inch version, a 10.1-inch version, and a 12.9-inch version.

The 12.9-inch model is said to get a beefier 12-megapixel primary camera, alongside a True Tone display and wider color gamut like the one found in the newer 9.7-inch iPad Pro that launched earlier this year. The same is expected for a 7.9-inch iPad Pro, which would bring the Mini up to Pro specs, as well as add the four-speaker stereo sound system.

Perhaps more interesting is the news of a possible 10.1-inch iPad Pro, which would represent a modest increase from the 9.7-inch display that Apple has always offered for the iPad, starting with the original. If true, this device would see a small increase in size in order to accommodate a larger display.

All three tablets are expected to keep the 3.5-mm headphone jack for now, unlike the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The news follows a similar report in August from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo that predicted the mid-sized model would increase to a 10.5-inch display.

The big push into enterprise tablet sales by targeting professional users seems to be paying off, so it makes plenty of sense why Apple may be doubling down on its Pro efforts for the iPad. Investors have been watching the iPad business decline for several years, as the upgrade priority is lower, which is why the upgrade cycles are longer than Apple initially expected.

The good news is that the year-over-year declines are slowly improving, and last quarter's negative 9% growth was the best performance in two years.

It's harder to know where the saturation limit is for the tablet market, since many people will decide that they don't need or want one. Roughly half of U.S. adults own a tablet, according to the Pew Research Center. In contrast, smartphone penetration in the U.S. is now around 80%, according to comScore.

But the enterprise market still has a long way to go, which is precisely why Apple just partnered up with Deloitte to help sell more iOS devices there. Who knows, maybe we'll even see iPad units grow again in the near future. The Clearest Evidence Yet That Apple, Inc. Might Be Working on an ARM-Based Mac Speculation has persisted for half a decade that Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) may be working on an ARM-based Mac, which in turn suggests that Apple could slowly transition away from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) as its processor supplier. From vague executive comments to rumors of ARM-based prototype Macs, there have been many different types of leaks and evidence that an ARM-based Mac will one day be a reality. We're now getting even more evidence that such a device is in the pipeline.

A storm is brewing

In the latest version of macOS Sierra 10.12 that Apple just released to the public, the Mac maker quietly added support for ARM-based chip architectures within the operation system kernel. Specifically, there was indication for supporting a "Hurricane" chip family. This may be a reference to a custom Apple A chip, as prior generations were codenamed Cyclone (A7), Typhoon (A8), and Twister (A9). The new A10 Fusion chip's internal code name has not been discovered quite yet, so it's possible that Hurricane refers to the A10 Fusion.

It's worth pointing out that the A10 Fusion chip found inside the iPhone 7 is theoretically faster than all of the MacBook Airs (which run on Intel chips), according to the popular Geekbench benchmark. The new quad-core processor is even comparable to some MacBook Pros from 2013. While the scores aren't 100% comparable due to a variety of factors, the point still stands that Apple's chip team has made incredible progress and the A10 Fusion is a monster of a chip.

It then stands to reason that if Apple really wanted to, it could conceivably design a chip that could satisfy low-end performance requirements like what the MacBook or MacBook Air need. Keep in mind that the A10 Fusion's performance is limited by physical and thermal constraints, since we're talking about a smartphone processor. A more appropriate candidate would be something like an A10X Fusion, which is rumored to power the 2017 iPad Pro. The X variants offer higher performance, often including additional graphics cores, and don't face the same types of limitations. Imagine what Apple could do if it was designing a chip for a laptop form factor.

If you can't beat 'em, join 'em

There's another distinct possibility here. It just so happens that Intel announced in August that it reached a licensing agreement with ARM Holdings (NASDAQ:ARMH) to manufacture ARM-based chips at its foundries. That was a landmark deal that downplayed the long-standing competition between ARM-based chipmakers and Intel, underscoring that there's more to gain by collaborating.

Intel may now produce ARM-based chips for both Apple and Qualcomm, opening up a massive portion of the mobile market that Intel's foundry strategy can address. Taking this a step further, it's not inconceivable that Apple could collaborate with Intel on designing some world-class ARM-based processors for both iOS and macOS devices in the future.

Apple's A chips may not be able to compete with Intel at the high end of the spectrum, but Apple could conceivably start at the low end with Apple-designed, Intel-produced chips. Either way, Apple is definitely working on something here. It's not just rumors anymore. 
2016-03-11
If Intel Corp. Wins the Apple Inc. iPhone 7, It Will Win It Profitably Back in late 2013, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) told investors it planned to gain significant share within the tablet market fairly quickly. However, since the company did not have a product with a suitable cost structure to go after the low end of the market (where much of the volume is), it had to provide tablet vendors with "contra-revenue" payments to offset that additional cost.

With rumors swirling that the chipmaker is poised to win a portion of the modem orders for the upcoming Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7, there has been some talk that Intel might use a similar "contra-revenue" trick to win this business.

I can say with an extremely high degree of confidence that this will not be the case. If Intel wins this business, it'll win it without providing a dime of "contra-revenue."

Intel's mobile group is focused on profitability

In 2014, Intel's mobile group lost a whopping $4.2 billion. Since then, the company has been focused on steadily improving the profitability of this business with the aim of turning a profit out in time. So far, Intel has done a solid job of bringing those losses down, with the losses down by about $1 billion in 2015 and expected to come down by another $800 million in 2016.

I expect the company will continue to focus on improving the profitability of this segment. Winning a fairly large contract like the Apple iPhone and effectively recording no (or even negative) revenue for each unit sold really works against that goal.

Some may be overstating the potential profitability of this deal, though

In a report from Credit Suisse, the analysts estimate that if Intel wins about 30% of the iPhone 7 modem business, it could bring in around $266 million in revenue during calendar year 2016 and operating income of $159 million.

The underlying assumption here is that Intel's average selling price per modem will come in at around $15, and that the incremental operating margin on this business is around 60% (note: the text of the report says 50%, but the calculations provided in the report show 60%), implying gross profit margins of 60% (since there likely wouldn't be any material incremental R&D or marketing costs associated with this win).

I think the gross profit margin assumption is far too high.

For one thing, I suspect the main reason Apple would want to go with Intel for some of its orders would be to encourage Intel to remain in this business over the long term since it benefits financially from having multiple suppliers vying for its orders. 60% gross profit margin is likely well above what Qualcomm takes for its modems since its chip business overall commands far lower margins, so it's hard to imagine Intel is going to come in and win some of this business at such high margins.

Since Intel's cost structure is likely worse than Qualcomm's as far as stand-alone modems go (Intel has them built by third parties, but it doesn't have the scale Qualcomm has with its own manufacturing partners), and since Intel is likely to make pricing concessions to win this business, I would estimate gross profit margins on this deal at somewhere between 25% and 35%.

In this case, the revenue and, more importantly, operating income opportunities from such a deal are likely more limited than what the analysts from Credit Suisse suggest. 
2016-01-03
Global Equities' Trip Chowdhry Blasts Apple Management: 'Tim Cook Has Zero ... Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research pulls no punches in his latest Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) commentary.

In a recent note, Chowdhry called for the  completely clueless  Tim Cook to be replaced. He cited a culture of  bozos  at Apple destroying $486 billion in shareholder value under Cook s management.

Apple s PE multiple under Steve Jobs was consistently above the S&P 500 PE and above 20X according to Chowdhry. The S&P 500 s current 20.5X PE dwarfs the 11.5X PE Apple generated under Tim Cook and Luca Maestri leadership. The lack of reward (positive yearly stock performance) is the market s way of telling Cook they will not support a distracted CEO. Chowdhry used Cook s Charlie Rose appearance debating taxation alongside Apple s decision to take on debt and tarnish  the once pristine Apple balance sheet  as examples of Cook s lack of focus on shareholder value. Chowdhry called the board of directors  callous  in their concern about the company PE multiple.

There is hope though for Apple s management, and it starts with Jonathan Rubinstein taking over for Cook. Chowdhry said Cook needs to be replaced and mercifully noted Cook  can go back to his Operations role  while CFO Luca Maestri  can go back to his Accountant role  as Fred Anderson, who was CFO during Apple s previous Jobs resurrection, comes back to right the wrongs. Angela Ahrendts is not safe either. The Sr. VP for retail and online is  completely clueless  and a  misfit for a role at Apple  according to Chowdhry. He would like her gone.

Apple closed 2015 at $105.41 after falling almost 2 percent on Thursday.

Apple shares closed 2015 down 1.92 percent and the S&P 500 finished the year down roughly 0.70 percent.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Angela Ahrendts Charlie Rose Fred AndersonAnalyst Color News Management Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-04-17
Apple Inc. selects Shawnee Heights to pilot iOS 9.3 iPad software for ... The mid-December phone call took Blair Anderson by surprise.

 I remember getting off the phone and almost doing a back flip,  said Anderson, the director of information technology for Shawnee Heights Unified School District 450.  Not every day does somebody from Cupertino (Apple Inc. s headquarters in California) call and say,  Do you want to do a pilot?   

Specifically, officials at the technology giant wanted to know whether the district, with an estimated 3,600 students, wanted to pilot test the company s iOS 9.3 software for the classroom and additional  educational features they were working on,  Anderson said. He said it was an opportunity he hasn t had in the 16 years he has worked for USD 450.

 To be selected as one of the six (school districts in the U.S.), I thought it spoke highly of Shawnee Heights and the work that we do here, not only from an education standpoint but also from a technology standpoint,  Anderson said.

After another call in January, Anderson said Apple shipped a server, an Apple television and 25 iPads for the testing period. An Apple engineer also worked on-site in the district throughout the testing.

 It was really buggy that first time,  Anderson recalled of the first version of iOS 9.3.  We sat down and looked at it from an IT perspective and went through and provided feedback on that version. They are really good about creating what they call  test plans.  There are questions and scenarios you have to go through and test the iOS software that runs on the iPads. 

Eight to nine versions of the software were released by Apple since January to USD 450, along with the other five school districts, Anderson said. He said the tech company has been mum on who the other districts were, and even why the Shawnee Heights district was chosen. However, he said with USD 450 having had iPads in various classrooms for the past five years, the use of a mobile device management system, and the district installing a new wireless network likely were factors considered by Apple.

Trevor Keling, USD 450 s network administrator, said he appreciated the chance to  flex our muscles and show what we can do  when it came to testing the Apple technology.

 If there was a problem, it was received well,  he said.  They always worked very quickly for a resolution. We use iPads on a daily basis, and making sure that those worked day in and day out was the most important aspect of it. 

District IT staff would report bugs in the iOS 9.3 version to an Apple feedback app during the beta tests. The most significant feedback came from the classroom selected to be part of the pilot: Katelyn Hobby s eighth-grade social studies class at Shawnee Heights Middle School.

 She can actually see all the kids in one classroom and she can drill down and see what student A, B, or C is doing and steer them,  Keling said, describing Apple s classroom app,  instead of walking around the room and looking at each single screen. 

Hobby said being part of the beta testing was a little  nerve-racking  at first, but it ultimately allowed her to make her social studies curriculum more  interactive and relevant  for her students and to collaborate with her colleagues.

 I went from not having really any technology as far as student use for my room to having anything that I wanted,  Hobby said.  It was quite the culture shock. I had to learn how to adapt all of my lessons. It made me plan more effective lessons. 

 With the new software, if a student has something that is particularly awesome on their iPad and they want to share, I can just, with a touch of a button, share it with the class and pull it up on my screen,  Hobby added.  The rest of the class can see their work and get immediate feedback from me and their peers. 

Saige Halseth, 14, an eighth-grade student in Hobby s class, said she and her classmates are using the new iPad technology to create one- to two-minute iMovie trailers for different Civil War battles.

 I know Ms. Hobby wanted them for a really long time,  she said of the iPads.  We were all pretty excited, too. 

TJ Adams, 13, another eighth-grade student in Hobby s class, added that using the iPad to create his one-minute and four-second Civil War movie trailer is  easier and quicker. 

Superintendent Marty Stessman said the chance for USD 450 to be part of the Apple beta testing has provided the district with  a little bit of positive attention  and has been a  huge compliment  to the district s IT department and teachers,  who are becoming more and more adept at integrating technology to increase learning,  he said.

 Hopefully, people will begin to understand how we use technology to build understanding and create meaning and not as an entertainment device,  Stessman said.  We try to use the technology as a tool to improve and enhance learning.  Can Apple Watch Compete Against Fitbit's Blaze? Seeking Alpha contributor Robert Lehar's recent article, Fitbit: Does It Stand A Chance Against Apple?, asks readers/investors a basic question. The author's premise and sentiment seemingly dismiss Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) as a one-trick, single purpose "pony" that will have difficulty measuring up to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) usual and early success with new products and categories. I happen to agree with the author of the article - Fitibt will have difficulty competing with Apple in the smartwatch sub-category of wearables  just not the way some may think.

Consider the following the above-linked article:

Fitbit's portfolio is mostly made up of single-purpose devices, which focus on casual health and fitness, and does not include a smartwatch product with a rich variety of apps and use cases. At the same time, Park is aware of attrition problems and slowing growth in its business (I wrote about this in Fitbit: 5 Things Bulls Are Missing). The more sustainable and growing smartwatch category would offer Fitbit a solution to both problems."

The aforementioned statements need clarifying as they are largely subjective and use subjective terminology to describe products and business operations. The fact is that Fitbit does offer consumers a smartwatch with its Surge and now the newly launched Blaze. While it may be that these smartwatch products by Fitbit don't offer GPS and social media apps to name a few, the consumer's engagement with smartwatches has remained limited to their health & fitness related applications and usage features. In other words, one way to view the Fitbit smartwatches may be to understand that they were developed with the consumer in mind and more aptly to this degree than the Apple Watch or other smartwatches. The smartwatch has only been around for roughly 36 months in the mass-market and to date every smartwatch manufacturer has found sales disintegrate past the launch period of the product. Reasons for the failed predecessor smartwatches are varied, but most suffer from similar issues related to connectivity, pricing and the ability to offer applications that are differentiated from that of the accepted smartphone. Furthermore, let's now focus on the statement offered regarding the "sustainable and growing smartwatch category" in the graphic below.

Source: IDC, December 2015

What I would ask readers/investors to consider with regard to this graphic is that there is no pricing recognition offered to the smartwatch or any product in the wearables category the company is using for this forecast and market share graphic. The only variable I would agree with regarding the IDC graphic is that clothing will never represent a meaningful percentage of the wearables category. You try washing sensors and electronics and tell me how that works out for you. Sorry Under Armour (NYSE:UA). I realize your company has spent well over $750mm aimed at the transformation of the wearables market over the last 3 years and to date all the company has to show for it is yet another wearable for the wrist. Maybe the Under Armour fitness tracker currently being positioned in Under Armour shoes will find something greater than development and actual deployment into the marketplace. While such technology won't achieve mass adoption, at least the company can finally say we went from A-Z with a wearable product beyond the wrist, as the company has spent considerable investor monies.

The other thing the IDC graphic above doesn't inform readers/investors about is timing and product existence. With basic wrist band wearables coming to the market in 2008ish, they have been around for well over 7 years now and are ever closer to market saturation. Smartwatches have only come to be known by consumers in the last 3 years and with extremely limited brands and product choices. If a reader/investor doesn't recognize or interject this variable into the IDC graphic, they may not be able to understand that the "sustainable growth" for smartwatches is highly subjective and determined mainly by the newness of the product and the more recent Apple Watch deployment. If we extrapolate the Apple Watch launch from last year, the numbers for smartwatches erode mightily. The following graphic, from IDC also, validates that perspective and deeper consideration regarding smartwatches as a product segment:

Shipments of smartwatches according to the IDC graphic are just awful when compared to the single, reported wristband wearables sales by Fitbit alone and without consideration of sales from that of other wearables companies. It's one thing to look at a graphic or chart and take it at face value, but I would encourage readers/investors to practice the "5 Why" rule that I apply to my research and analytics. When posed with opinions and/or facts, ask the question Why 5 times in an attempt to cover all considerations regarding those opinions and/or facts. An example of this exercise would be to ask why has Apple been able to ship such a disproportionate number of smartwatches during 2015 when compared to its peers. I would offer that with the name brand Apple supporting the Apple Watch and the healthy distribution network carried by Apple globally, the ability to sell-in Apple Watches is a pretty easy task for the company. What may not be so easy is selling-through those smartwatches.

Recall the following from 2014 when the Android Gear by Samsung launched:

Meanwhile, Canalys is estimating Samsung's Galaxy Gear made up the majority of smartwatch shipments- or what it calls "smart bands" - with 54% market share in the second half of 2013, followed by Sony (19%), Pebble (16%) and others (11%). About 1.6 million smartwatches shipped during the period. "Samsung launched the Galaxy Gear with a major marketing push that gained significant consumer interest," said Chris Jones, VP and principal analyst at Canalys, in a statement from the company." Shipments of the device took Samsung to the top of the smart band category, though disappointing sell-through will necessitate more promotional activity in coming months. Basic band vendors have greater wearable expertise and have shipped greater numbers to date, but smart bands are already growing faster. Increasingly, smart bands will adopt basic band features as the two categories converge."

See what I mean. It is pretty easy to grab the top spot in the smartwatch sub-category of wearables through basic sell-in/distribution, but the sell-through is where these smartwatches are finding themselves troubled. I've offered this very valid and concerning factor regarding smartwatches in past Apple Watch articles.

In no uncertain terms have I offered that the Apple Watch has underachieved its expected sell-through rate. The proprietary sales data below is collected by Capital Ladder Advisory Group (subscription needed for total sales) and taken directly from retail point-of-sale systems. A quick look at Apple's largest retailer by sales volume (for Apple products on a retail sq. footage basis) shows just how poorly the product performs. While I'm not permitted to disclose the retailer by name and utilize a singular region to express the poor sell-through results, investors should understand the results are mirrored largely throughout the total chain and demanded upon them new pricing to increase sell-through. Unfortunately the JDA software utilized by this retailer does not have a truncate function to elicit totals at the bottom like other retailers i.e. Target Corp (NYSE:TGT), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) or Bed Bath & Beyond (NASDAQ:BBBY). Just one of the many reasons this electronics retailer has struggled since the turn of the century and watched its chief competition in Circuit City go out of business many years ago. Enough clues? To be clear, the data was taken just before the recent price reduction and the most recent data post the price reduction will be offered in future publications. The territory exampled in the following screen shot is one of the largest sales producing regions for the retailer in the country, just shy of the sales generated in the south eastern portion of the United States.

When your most important retailer in North America is selling less than one Watch a week, there is something severely amiss with the product. Apple is recognizing the shortcomings of the Watch in different ways, but none more telling than the sharp repricing of its entry level and largest sales volume producer for the product segment, Watch Sport. Apple has taken this price reduction without any articulation offered for a Watch 2 or second-generation product even though many speculate as to when Watch 2 will launch. By the time Watch 2 does surface, the original Watch will have had an average selling price (NYSE:ASP) of $299 and not $349, which was the original selling price. The reduced price of the product exhibiting the ASP is something that has never occurred for an Apple product since launching i-products that breed next generation products of the same application.

Where Apple has been able to dominate categories based on technology and design/fashion, wearables don't really offer such "necessities" tied to fashion. Remember, wearables in general are heavily used for health & fitness related activities. One of the reasons the Apple Watch has exhibited such poor sell-through is that it does little more than a smartphone and you have to own an iPhone in order to use the Apple Watch. For all the bells and whistles associated with the Apple Watch, those bells and whistles utilize a great deal of battery power. The small screen is less user friendly than an iPhone to boot. Combining the obstacles that rest within the Apple Watch, one can deduce just some of the reasons the concept of the smartwatch, as designed by Apple, is found wanting. And the consumer could achieve these obstacles for the former price of $349 at retail locations. Suggesting that fashion or design would be a critical advantage of Apple Watch to the likes of Fitbit seems far-reaching given the proven sales results of the two products. How long did it take Fitbit Blaze to usurp the Apple Watch on Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN)? I think it was about a week, give or take a day.

Apple has missed the mark with the Apple Watch and allowed for Fitbit Blaze to enter the smartwatch category with a more consumer-oriented product, some might say. Apple has seemingly focused a great deal of the Apple Watch definitions on fashion as offered in "Fitbit: Does It Stand A Chance Against Apple?"

It is then not surprising that much of Apple's focus with the Watch has been on the product's fashion aspect, the easy-to-swap bands. Apple currently offers 55 different Watch bands (66 if including the Herm s collection) in various colors and materials, and at a level of quality which rivals the best watchmakers in the industry.

For all the fashion-forward and unique characteristics the Apple Watch offers consumers, it's clear that the Apple Watch focus should have been more consumer-centric. And I think that is what Apple Watch 2 will provide. The Apple Watch has a plethora of features to advantage consumers beyond that of a more simplistic Fitbit Blaze smartwatch. But the Apple Watch simply doesn't do much more than a smartphone, which the consumer already has by and large. Although the Samsung Gear isn't tethered to the Android smartphone platform, the product has found sales difficulty in the smartwatch segment of the marketplace. One of the reasons for this is that data usage on the Samsung Gear requires a second monthly service plan beyond that of the cell phone plan. The other issue is, of course, the duplication of smartphone technology that is unnecessary and solves no consumer problems. If untethering the Apple Watch was proposed to be the savior of the Apple Watch, Samsung's Gear is telling a different story. But even I will recognize that Samsung is not Apple. On that same token I will recognize that it doesn't have to be. Smartwatches so embattled with deficient technological advancements that aim at solving real consumer problems!

The reality of the situation facing the Apple Watch is that it is forced to move downmarket in price. Fitbit is not moving upmarket either as offered by Mr. Lehar as the Blaze is actually priced lower than the former "Surge" Fitbit product. The consumer recognizes the duplicate technology of the smartphone offered in this Apple Watch and the sell-through results highlight consumer purchase intent. Suggesting that Fitbit will have difficulty competing against Apple in the smartwatch segment when Fitbit has already displaced the Apple Watch from its top sales position so quickly begs for readers/investors to consider what is more pertinent.

At the very beginning of this article I agreed that Fitbit would have difficulty competing with Apple in the smartwatch sub-category of wearables. I offered this because I believe the product segment will be challenged as a whole. Given Fitbit's attrition rate combined with its own sell-through issues for the total wearables product line, and as the leader in the wearables space, the entire category suggests a greater "fad" element than is generally considered. Nearly half of all wearables users stop using their wearable after 12 months as defined in Fitbit's quarterly reporting. Smartwatches are an extension of the wearables category, utilizing most of the same applications as more basic wearables  the tracking of health & fitness data. While this application is useful for some, it has proven less useful for an equal amount of people. Where you have that many consumers attritioning from a product/category, there has never been considerable, long-term sales growth. Not ever! In that, Fitbit and Apple Inc. will both have difficulty competing for sales in the wearables category, regardless of their respective product offerings.

The investor takeaway presently is that Apple is a much more diversified company than is Fitbit. As such, Apple is likely a better long-term investment than Fitbit. But timing is always relevant to investors and I don't believe Apple to be a strong investment presently. I would rather see AAPL shares priced below $100 before taking a position in the company. But that is very simply my strategy and may not be favorable to the masses. With the company reporting earnings this week, shares could surge or plunge depending on their quarterly results and forecast. With iPhone and iPad shipments expected to fall in 2016 a good portion of AAPL's share price appreciation may have to come from other products or business operations that may include increasing the dividend paid to shareholders.

Fitbit has dedicated itself to a singular product and business model to date. While that could certainly change in the future, such a change would likely come at the cost of investors. Using the Fitbit business model to date, once the company saturates its distribution channels globally, sales will likely decline as is the typical occurrence for consumer goods companies. For such companies with a singular product line, the impact on the balance sheet is greater than those companies that offer products in multiple categories. Having said that, shares of FIT will not likely exhibit peak appreciation for several quarters and until this forecast becomes more clear and present to the investor community. As such, given the long-term negative outlook for the company, FIT shares can make for a good trade with optimal timing.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-08-25
Why Apple's Cash May Soon Be On Its Way Home Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) currently has an estimated $215 billion in cash held outside the borders of the United States. For years, this cash has been building up due to the company's massive success in global sales. However, U.S. tax law states that profits American-based corporations earn beyond the country's borders are to be taxed at the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35% when those profits are brought back to the states, or repatriated.

AAPL data by YCharts

Many companies think this is a unfair tax policy and so it has become common practice for large corporations to keep cash earned overseas "indefinitely reinvested" to avoid paying the 35% tax. Apple's cash pile accounts for close to 10% of the more than $2 trillion in profits U.S. corporations currently hold offshore, so repatriation tax reform that allows Apple to bring its cash home should be seen as a huge positive catalyst for AAPL shares should reform actually come to pass. Is this likely to happen anytime soon? I think it will. But before I get into why I think Apple's cash will soon be on its way home, first I will briefly break down and discuss something much more boring: infrastructure spending.

Here's a crash course in how infrastructure repairs, improvements, etc., are funded (or not funded) in the U.S. The Highway Trust Fund ("HTF") is used to finance infrastructure spending and it is kept funded primarily by the federal fuel tax and other related excise taxes. Unfortunately, the HTF is not adequately funded because 1) the federal fuel tax is not adjusted for inflation 2) more fuel-efficient cars, hybrids, electric vehicles mean less fuel purchased and less tax revenues, and 3) no one wants to raise the fuel tax. These three issues have led to a budget deficit in the tens of billions of dollars. So how do you fund billions in infrastructure spending?

Both presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have proposed massive infrastructure spending on a scale that candidates haven't proposed in a long while. Infrastructure has never been sexy, but now it has come into the spotlight as the crumbling nature of America's roads, bridges, tunnels and other structures have become abundantly clear. Clinton has proposed $275 billion in infrastructure spending and Trump has proposed more than double that. How do they propose to pay for this spending? Trump has explicitly mentioned repatriation while Clinton has discussed business tax reform, likely an implicit reference to repatriation.

Here's how this all relates to Apple: repatriation tax reform will allow Apple to bring home billions upon billions in cash for business operations, returning capital to shareholders, or whatever else would benefit the company. If this were to happen, AAPL shares would get a huge boost whereas that cash now hangs in the limbo of market uncertainty. However, the increasingly dire circumstances of the nation's infrastructure and the policies of both presidential candidates indicate that tax reform is imminent, and soon.

When Tim Cook addressed the accusation that Apple avoids taxes by keeping it cash offshore, he denied that this was the case and said the company would bring its cash home when there was "fair rate" in place. What would constitute a fair rate you might ask? Considering Apple has a huge stake in repatriation tax reform, it is likely that any solution on the government level will be negotiated with the company in order to find common ground. The current rate, as I said previously, is the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35%. Contrary to what I sometimes see posted in Apple comments section and message boards, companies do NOT get taxed twice on foreign profits. The repatriation tax rate is 35% minus the tax rate paid in the country where it was earned.

Repatriation tax reform likely will include two parts: 1) a one-time repatriation holiday and 2) a new, reduced corporate tax rate on foreign profits to deter companies from renewing the cycle and hoarding cash overseas waiting for another holiday. I think the first part will tax current foreign profits at a maximum rate of about 20%, which would leave Apple with about $172 billion in cold hard cash, and the second part will place a new tax rate on foreign profits of between 25% and 30%. This will provide Apple with the short-term benefit of an absolute mountain of cash and the long-term benefit of the continuous flowing in of foreign profits that were previously held offshore.

But again, this is all theoretical. If infrastructure spending deficits are not enough to spur repatriation reform, then this point is moot. However, there is one more ongoing development that will likely put tax reform on the fast track: other countries are going after the offshore cash of Apple and other multinational corporations.

The European Commission is expected to come to a decision in the next few months regarding the amount Apple owes in taxes, which could total $19 billion according JPMorgan. The Commission is accusing Apple of using Irish subsidiaries to avoid paying taxes on profits earned on the continent. The U.S. Treasury Department then released a white paper on Wednesday defending Apple and stating:

The U.S. Treasury Department continues to consider potential responses should the Commission continue its present course. A strongly preferred and mutually beneficial outcome would be a return to the system and practice of international tax cooperation that has long fostered cross-border investment between the United States and EU Member States.

The Treasury Department defended Apple by name along with Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Fiat, and as Business Insider noted, the Treasury Department speaks for the Obama Administration as well. What is implicit in that quoted text above and in the white paper as a whole is that the U.S. is pushing back against the European Commission because the U.S. wants Apple's and others' tax revenues. If the European Commission takes a chunk of the offshore cash of U.S. corporations, that means less tax revenue for the U.S. government when that cash is eventually repatriated.

It is the best interest of the Obama Administration, and both Democrats and Republicans in Congress, to get repatriation reform done as quickly as possible so that other countries cannot make claims to the overseas cash of corporations that would pay U.S. taxes if they weren't so high. With this catalyst and the need for funds to spend on infrastructure, repatriation reform seems imminent. Once it happens, the influx of cash for Apple will be a huge boon for the company and stock as well. Using estimates of $215 billion in offshore cash and a 20% repatriation rate, in one fell swoop, Apple's cash and equivalents positions, which was at $62 billion as of last quarter (including short-term marketable securities), would rise to close to half of the company's current market cap.

Considering the last repatriation holiday in 2004 taxed foreign profits at 5.25%, I think it's possible that my estimated rate is way above what the actual rate will be. Yet a repatriation holiday was defeated in the U.S. senate in 2009, indicating legislators will not be willing to negotiate such business-friendly terms this time around. In fact, a report after the 2004 holiday found that the one-time allowance had actually cost the U.S. $3.3 billion and that 20,000 employees were laid off after the tax break. Regardless, any sort of better tax rate will allow Apple to bring back a massive cash hoard that will send shares soaring. Of course, the money would not be repatriated all at once, but the total amount will be the same.

For the skeptics out there, I understand that perspective. People have been talking about repatriation tax reform for years, but nothing ever seems to get done. But now we are seeing a two-pronged catalyst to finally get reform passed as infrastructure deficits accelerate rapidly and foreign economic entities like the European Commission attempt to lay claim to the offshore cash of U.S. multinational corporations. In my opinion, repatriation tax reform is happening soon, and this will be a strong upward catalyst for multinational corporations, with the biggest winner of course being Apple and AAPL shareholders.

If you want to stay up-to-date on my articles, you can "Follow" me by going to my author page or by clicking "Follow" at the top of this page.

Thanks for reading! Everyone Is Trying to Be Snapchat   Even Apple, Report Says A new report suggests Apple could be vying for a social media stake in its own right. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)

Apple Inc. (ticker: AAPL ) is home to many social networking apps on its signature devices, though a new report suggests it could be vying for a social media stake in its own right.

Beyond Apple 's previously announced updated iMessage, the technology titan is working on its own Snapchat -like video sharing app, Bloomberg reports citing unnamed sources. This would include video-recording capability with accompanying filters and ability to draw on it. If these designs pan out, you could take, edit and post a video under a minute.

According to these sources, this straightforward video editing capability is geared at the Snapchat and Instagram generation. While Apple envisions this as an individual app in the App Store, it could also be built into the iPhone's camera. The company anticipates a 2017 release, though the project may not make it if it fails to hit deadlines and what Apple expects.

The team developing the product also created Final Cut Pro and iMovie software, per Bloomberg's sources. An Apple spokeswoman didn't comment for Bloomberg' story.

Bloomberg also highlighted another effort from Apple regarding social networking that could potentially surface: An updated "proactive assistance" feature. According to one of the sources, Apple wants to make connections to contacts stronger.

This report indicates apparently everyone is trying to get into Snapchat's game. Facebook's ( FB ) Instagram launched its own product, Instagram Stories, that evidently took inspiration from Snapchat's Stories feature. This reported Gen Z focus from Apple would align consistent with its tech peers, and a potential seamless integration within its existing camera feature could make the function that much easier for consumer adaptation. Apple Inc software vulnerability linked to intrusions, company issues security ... SAN FRANCISCO   One of the world s most evasive digital arms dealers is believed to have been taking advantage of three security vulnerabilities in popular Apple products in its efforts to spy on dissidents and journalists.

Investigators discovered that a company called the NSO Group, an Israeli outfit that sells software that invisibly tracks a target s mobile phone, was responsible for the intrusions. The NSO Group s software can read text messages and emails and track calls and contacts. It can even record sounds, collect passwords and trace the whereabouts of the phone user.

In response, Apple on Thursday released a patched version of its mobile software, iOS 9.3.5. Users can get the patch through a normal software update.

Related

Apple fixed the holes 10 days after a tip from two researchers, Bill Marczak and John Scott Railton, at Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto s Munk School of Global Affairs, and Lookout, a San Francisco mobile security company.

 We advise all of our customers to always download the latest version of iOS to protect themselves against potential security exploits,  said Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman.

In interviews and manuals, the NSO Group s executives have long boasted that their spyware worked like a  ghost,  tracking the moves and keystrokes of its targets, without leaving a trace. But until this month, it was not clear how exactly the group was monitoring its targets, or who exactly it was monitoring.

A clearer picture began to emerge on Aug. 10, when Ahmed Mansoor, a prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates, who has been tracked by surveillance software several times, began receiving suspicious text messages. The messages purported to contain information about the torture of UAE citizens.

The New York Times Apple Inc.'s iPhone SE Is Failing in India: What Investors Should Know Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has hoped for a while now that its iPhones would find their footing in India, the world's second-largest smartphone market.

The company has made some progress in the country, with India recently allowing Apple to open its own stores in the country. That will eventually allow Apple to sell phones directly to consumers, instead of through third-party retailers like it does now.

But new smartphone shipment data recently released by IDC brought back to light Apple's problems in India.

The IDC data shows that Apple still trails behind the market leader Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in the country and is fighting an uphill battle against Chinese vendors as well.

The new iPhone SE, debuted back in March, was supposed to help Apple gain a foothold in India. The device sports a 4-inch Retina display, 12-megapixel rear camera, and is powered by Apple's A9 processors and M9 motion co-processor.

But despite the specs and cheaper price (it starts at $399 in the U.S.), the phone is failing to deliver in India. According to IDC, "Apple's iPhone SE failed to make any significant impact in the premium segment while its previous generation iPhone 5S continued to contribute majority volume."

Apple is, of course, expensive in India. The average price for a smartphone in the country is about $150, and Apple's phones begin selling in India for 39,000 rupees (about $580). For that price, consumers can easily get a larger Android device with similar specs and much more internal memory.

The iPhone SE not only failed to make a dent in the country's smartphone market, but it was also unsuccessful in capturing the majority of the high-end market. That position belongs to Chinese vendors, which now hold one-third of the high-end market in India (up from just 9% a year ago).

That growth has been spread out among Lenovo, Xiaomi and some other Chinese companies. In the past, Lenovo was the only Chinese vendor to ship over 1 million smartphones in India in a quarter. Now there are three Chinese vendors doing it.

Where Apple goes from here

Apple is much closer to selling its phone from its own stores in India after a recent proposal was ratified by India's finance minister. This means that Apple, and other single-brand companies that make high-tech goods, don't have to follow India's current law that requires foreign companies to source at least 30% of their devices' material from India.

Having Apple stores in India might eventually help the company's brand in the country, but I think the only way the iPhone maker is going to make any headway is to lower prices.

Apple's iPhone manufacturer, Foxconn, is building a new plant in India that's rumored to be for Apple device production. If it is, and Apple makes some of its iPhones in India, then the company may be able to lower its iPhone prices to better compete with other companies.

Or, it could simply drop the prices before that in order to gain some sliver of market share. At this point, Apple needs to be more aggressive in getting Indian consumers to buy its devices -- and it's becoming increasingly clear that the iPhone SE isn't the best strategy.

India is too large of a market for Apple to keep getting it wrong. If the company's notoriously high margins have to be shaved just a little in order to increase sales, then it might just be well worth the sacrifice. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Touch Disease Is a Ticking Time Bomb When Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) released its first large smartphones   the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus   a design flaw led to the so-called  Bendgate  controversy.

It turns out there was an even worse issue with Apple s new flagship that was a ticking time bomb: Touch IC failure. And that is now resulting in  Touch Disease,  and widespread iPhone 6 Plus failures.

Source: Apple

What Is Touch Disease and Why Is It Hitting the iPhone 6 Plus?

Touch Disease starts as flickering gray bars across the top of an iPhone s display. They re annoying but they come and go. Until they stop going and the iPhone also starts to become unresponsive to touch input. At this point, the iPhone becomes all but useless. And 9 times out of 10, it s an iPhone 6 Plus that s suffering from Touch Disease.

Replacing the iPhone display doesn t resolve the issue. The gray bars and lack of touch control come back.

Noted Apple device repair site iFixit discovered the root cause of the issue is touchscreen controller (or Touch IC) chips soldered to the iPhone logic board. When the logic board flexes   which it is especially prone to doing with the larger iPhone 6 Plus   the chips break contact, resulting in Touch IC failure.

Apple Can t Fix It

When iPhone 6 Plus owners make an appointment with an Apple Genius, they receive the bad news: Apple can t repair Touch Disease. Fixing it would require re-soldering the chips. At this point, since the iPhone 6 Plus is out of warranty, the customer is offered a replacement iPhone 6 Plus at a cost of $349.

As iPad Rehab points out, that replacement iPhone 6 Plus isn t new, it s refurbished. And while Apple s refurbishment process is excellent, it does not extend to repairing the logic board. That means Touch IC failure is a ticking time bomb once again with the replacement iPhone 6 Plus   and it may be advanced given that the refurbished iPhone may have actually seen a year of use.

Third-party repair shops are an option, but replacing the Touch IC chips is an expensive process and does not prevent the issue from happening again: it merely resets the clock.

It s a Big Problem That s Getting Bigger

The Touch Disease ticking time bomb is starting to go off with increased frequency. Cult of Mac reports some repair shops are now getting hundreds of iPhone 6 Plus repair requests a week.

The situation is threatening to give Apple a public relations black eye far worse than Bendgate and it s doing so at a critical time.

Touch Disease is hitting headlines just as Apple is preparing to launch the iPhone 7  and the iPhone 7 Plus seems likely to look virtually identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. Apple fixed the design flaw that causes Touch IC failure with the iPhone 6S Plus, so it shouldn t affect the iPhone 7 series either.

But, if you just got burned, would you turn around and fork over the cash to invest in the new lookalike iPhone 7 Plus?

And consider someone thinking about buying their first new iPhone. With the growing number of headlines about mass iPhone 6 Plus failures and the nature of the issue, will they be willing to take the chance that the iPhone 7 Plus doesn t also have a hidden design flaw?

If Touch Disease continues to hit iPhone 6 Plus owners, the result could well be a class action lawsuit that attempts to force Apple to offer an extended warranty. That would certainly help iPhone 6 Plus owners, but again, the black eye would do nothing to boost iPhone 7 sales.

At this point, Apple s best bet is to step up, own the problem and start an official replacement program before the negative publicity overshadows a crucial new product launch.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: The Industry Implications Of A Possible All-Glass Apple '360 Degree' iPhone Next year, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) will celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the most successful product of all time   the iPhone. Several news sources have reported that Apple may choose to make a big design splash by opting for a glass back and/or curved edges that would enable new functionality.

Goldman Sachs analyst Doug Clark recently discussed the market impact of an all-glass iPhone. According to Clark, Goldman s base case still calls for the 2017 device to have its standard metal back, but the firm is also preparing for two contingencies: 1) glass casings for high-end 5.5  or larger models and 2) glass casings for all 2017 iPhone models.

Related Link: 10 Companies Apple Almost Bought In The Past 10 Years

Goldman sees Buy-rated Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW), which gets roughly 11 percent of its revenue from the iPhone, as the biggest potential winner.

 In our scenario analysis, we estimate 2 5 percent potential revenue upside in 2017 and 6 9 percent upside in 2018 for Corning s Specialty Materials segment, which could further help reverse two years of sales declines,  Clark explained.

In addition, Goldman believes Lens Technology and Biel Crystal are well-positioned to benefit on a glassier iPhone.

On the other hand, Goldman estimates that iPhone metal casing supplier Catcher could take up to a 15 percent hit on its blended iPhone casing ASP in 2018 if Apple opts for glass casings.

Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro.

Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card!

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: 360 degree iPhoneAnalyst Color Long Ideas News Rumors Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-08-24
The Surprising Growth of Apple, Inc.'s Service Segment Measured by revenue, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) services segment was the tech giant's second largest segment in its most recent quarter. Its large share of Apple's top line highlights its importance to the company's business. Indeed, Apple management noted in its most recent earnings call it expected its services revenue to be the size of a Fortune 100 company by next year. But the segment wasn't always this important to Apple's results. In the same quarter three years ago, Apple's services revenue was the company's fourth largest segment and accounted for 11% of revenue, compared to 14.1% of revenue in the third fiscal quarter of 2016.

Going forward, it looks like Apple's services segment will only become more crucial to Apple's business. Here's where the segment's growth is coming from and why it's likely to continue to steadily grow in the coming years.

Where's the growth coming from?

Apple's services segment includes revenue from iTunes, Apple Music, the App Store, licensing, service parts, iCloud, and Apple Pay. Notably, however, while the segment includes revenue from a range of Apple services, revenue from the App Store may represent the most exciting opportunity for the segment.

The importance of App Store revenue for Apple's services segment is highlighted by the company's non-GAAP installed base related purchases metric, which adjusts Apple's services revenue by accounting for App Store sales "and certain content sold through the iTunes store" on a gross basis instead of the net basis they are accounted for in Apple's services segment. This single adjustment nearly doubles Apple's "services" revenue in Q3 and it helps the segment achieve impressive 29% year-over-year growth. Comparatively, Apple's year-over-year growth in services revenue without this adjustment is just 19%.

Despite the App Store's increasing importance to Apple, highlighted by the difference this adjustment makes, other newer contributors to Apple's services segment hold promise, as well as potential future add-on services. Recent examples of new services Apple has tacked on are Apple Pay and Apple Music. Pointing to just how well newly launched services can resonate with its installed base of users, Apple said in its most recent quarterly shareholder letter that tens of millions of users are now using Apple Pay and that monthly active users of the service were up 450% compared to the same month one year ago.

Services will likely become more important

Investors betting Apple's services segment will be more important in the future don't have to base these forecasts on speculation. Recent performance from the segment clearly portrays an optimistic narrative for the segment.

First, consider the accelerating year-over-year growth rates in Apple's non-GAAP installed base related purchases. Since Apple started tracking this method in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the metric has moved higher every quarter. In Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2016, installed base related purchases were up 24% from the year-ago quarter. And this growth rate hit 29% by fiscal Q3.

Second, keep in mind that Apple's services segment grew faster than any other product segment in Q3. Apple's second-fastest growing segment was iPad, tracking at 7% year-over-year revenue growth.

As Apple's services segment continues to grow, investors should pay more attention to it. In addition, investors should keep an eye on any new services Apple launches to see whether they could be a catalyst for even more revenue in the segment.

Currently, Apple may generate the majority of its revenue and profits from iPhone, but investors should expect services to become more important as the company continues to tap into its loyal active installed base of users. Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Interested In Lyft Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Lyft have not talked about it publicly, but it has emerged that an alliance between the two companies is in the works. Apple is reportedly interested in taking a significant equity stake in Lyft. However, details such as what size the stake will be and how much Apple is willing to invest in Lyft remain a secret.

That fact that Apple is showing interest in owning a significant stake in Lyft only a few months after making a $1 billion investment in China s Uber rival, Didi Chuxing should raise some questions about Apple s automotive ambitions. Worthy of note, Lyft is the second leading taxi services provider in the U.S. after Uber.

Investment talks follow failed buyout

Although Apple and Lyft are working toward an investment deal, it is important to consider that this was not what Lyft was originally seeking. There were reports that Lyft was interested in selling itself outright to the highest bidder. Lyft was seeking a buyout valuation of $9 billion, subsequently approaching a number of potential buyers including Apple, Amazon, Microsoft and Google owner Alphabet.

However, Lyft failed to get a suitable offer, perhaps considering that the $9 billion the company was seeking was way above its most recent valuation of $5.5 billion. Though Apple couldn t commit to an outright buyout of Lyft, Apple still sees value in being an investor in the ride-sharing company.

Why Apple wants a slice of Lyft

There have been many reports that Apple has neither confirmed nor denied, indicating that Apple is working on an electric and autonomous car to be called the  Apple Car.  On top of the secretive Apple Car program, which is said to be hidden under a project called Project Titan, Apple has a vehicle operating system called CarPlay that is targeting the automaker market. Additionally, Apple has continued to invest in its mapping technology.

With that in mind, even a partial hold on Lyft could give a boost to Apple s various vehicle-oriented technologies and possibly offer the tech giant a head start against its competition.

It has been cited that one area that is likely to see quick and widespread adoption of fully autonomous vehicles is the taxi market. That would explain why Uber has repeatedly talked about launching fully automated rides. It is the same the reason Alphabet is eyeing the ride-sharing market with its self-driving cars that have long been under development.

If Apple intends to compete with Alphabet, Uber, Ford and others in in fully autonomous taxi services market, a strategic partnership with Lyft makes sense for the company s ambitions.

With growing competition in and saturation of the smartphone market, Apple is under pressure to break its overreliance on iPhone revenue- a key reason the company is now targeting the automotive market. As such, Lyft could provide a much-needed channel to sell the anticipated electric and self-driving Apple Car.

As for Lyft, a partnership with Apple could be just what Lyft needs to either catch up to speed with rival Uber or speed past it. The investment and technology that Apple brings to Lyft s table are much-needed support for the ride-sharing company to strengthen its global ambitions. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Gets a Warning From  The Woz  When the co-founder of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) speaks, you listen. Especially when Steve Wozniak is airing his thoughts on the much-derided rumor to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7.

Source: Apple

 If it s missing the 3.5-millimeter earphone jack, that s going to tick off a lot of people,  said Wozniak   one assumes from a pulpit, because he was preaching to the choir.

It s touted in some circles as the natural progression of technology; in the vein of the 1998 killing off of floppy disk drives by the iMac, the lack of Flash in the iPhone and the single USB-C port on the latest MacBook. In other circles, it s considered consumer-unfriendly.

Wozniak appears to fit in with the latter circle:

 I would not use Bluetooth   I don t like wireless. I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music. 

Thank you, Woz.

But if Apple truly has decided to forego the traditional headphone jack in favor of a slimmer, more adapter-friendly iPhone, then even the words of the great Woz cannot send Apple back to the drawing board.

The iPhone 7 is expected in September, possibly Sept. 16, and is likely an incremental upgrade rather than full overhaul.

Its operating system isn t in for any major changes, either. (I ve been using iOS 10 in beta form for a few weeks now, and the differences are more aesthetic than anything.) The slim factor will likely be touted as a key selling point.

So, we re sorry, Steve   looks like you re going to have to stand in line with the rest of us for an overpriced adapter. That s the only way you ll get high-quality audio in your car.

But there s always Samsung.

As of this writing, John Kilhefner did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Apple: Latest Nikkei Rumor Continues The Lack Of Innovation Theme  10 Companies Apple Almost Bought In The Past 10 Years Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) was reportedly on the verge of taking a large stake in ride-sharing company Lyft. However, Apple has a long history of opting to hold onto its cash.

Here are 10 companies that Apple considered buying in the past decade.

Tidal (2016)   Apple was reportedly in talks to acquire Jay Z s music streaming company as recently as last month, but so far no deal has been announced. Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) (2015)   Apple senior vice president Eddy Cue reportedly pitched the idea of a buyout to Time Warner head of corporate strategy Olaf Olafsson. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) (2016)   The Time Warner news led to reports that Apple had shifted its media focus from Time Warner to Netflix. However, there has been no official news on a potential deal. Discover Financial Services (NYSE: DFS) (2014) - Apple reportedly considered a buyout of the financial giant as a backup plan if its Apple Pay launch didn t go smoothly. Square Inc (NYSE: SQ) (2014)   Reports of Apple s interest in Square made sense given its focus on Apple Pay at the time. Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) (2013)   Apple head of acquisitions Adrian Perica reportedly met with Tesla CEO Elon Musk back in 2013 to discuss a potential buyout. BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ: BBRY) (2013)   Apple was reportedly one of the companies interested in acquiring a large portion of BlackBerry s assets in the event of a breakup, but no such deal ever materialized. Hulu (2011)  Back in 2011, Apple was in talks to acquire video streaming company Hulu, but never pulled the trigger on a bid. Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) (2009) - Some things never change. The Twitter buyout rumors have been constantly swirling for nearly a decade now, and Apple was reportedly close to a deal to buy Twitter at one time.

Posted-In: News Rumors M&A Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-04-07
Apple Inc. Challenger Huawei Still Significantly Behind in 2 Key Metrics One of the more interesting competitors in the smartphone market and, by extension, to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is China-based Huawei. The company, which had previously been known mostly for its telecom equipment, has aggressively pushed into the market for smartphones and has become one of the volume leaders in said market.

Huawei executives talk quite a bit about how they intend to grow to be the largest vendor of smartphone shipments (presumably by units). Huawei is also bullish on its ability to become a leading vendor of "premium" (read: high average selling price) smartphones -- a segment that Apple clearly dominates.

Following the publication of Huawei's annual report, we can now get a glimpse into how Huawei is doing in the smartphone market.

Big unit growth, but average selling prices still well below Apple's

In 2015, Huawei reported a nearly 73% revenue surge in its consumer business, which is likely composed substantially of sales of smartphones and other smart devices, hitting approximately $20 billion in revenue on sales of "over 100 million smartphones."

If we naively divide $20 billion by 100 million, we get an implied average selling price of $200 per phone. Assuming that not all of the revenue came from phones, the implied average selling price for Huawei's smartphones could be higher, but probably not substantially so.

In contrast, Apple's iPhone average selling prices -- on substantially greater units -- tend to be much higher (often well above $600).

Lower operating margins

Although Huawei's gross profit margins are actually quite good (41.7% in the last year), its operating margins came in at 11.6% of revenue in 2015. In contrast, Apple's operating income during its fiscal 2015 came in at $71.23 billion, or a whopping 30.5% of revenue.

This high operating margin is due to the fact that Apple's total revenue base is absolutely enormous, allowing it to drive significant operating leverage. On top of that, Apple's research and development spend only came in at around $8 billion -- a large figure in absolute terms, but relative to revenue it is quite small.

That said, Apple's operating margins are almost certain to contract this year as revenue declines and research and development spend move upward (but I expect them to be substantially above Huawei's).

Despite this advantage, Apple needs to be careful

Despite being solidly ahead of Huawei, I do think that Huawei does represent a significant threat to Apple if left unchecked. The Chinese smartphone maker introduced a pair of new phones on April 6 -- the P9 and P9 Plus -- that, in a number of ways, pull ahead of Apple's current (albeit roughly six month old) flagships.

They're thinner, likely feature better cameras, and appear to have superior displays. These are all critical components to the smartphone experience and ones in which Apple had historically led; to see the iDevice maker allow itself to fall behind like this is a little disconcerting.

Apple is expected to launch next-generation iPhone flagships -- the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- in September, which should allow Apple to regain leadership in a number of critical areas. Apple may also have a few innovative tricks up its sleeve.

As I've said before and will say again: Apple needs to ensure that at virtually all times, it has flagship devices out there that are unequivocally leadership products, particularly as the smartphone market slows and it becomes a battle to maintain/gain market share. Apple: China Is The Jab, India Is The Right Hook  
2016-11-27
Apple: The Trump Effect  
2016-12-16
Better Buy: Alphabet Inc vs. Apple Inc. Let's rewind back to September 1998. Steve Jobs had just rejoined the company he had founded two decades earlier: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Two 20-somethings named Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded a company they thought could help organize the world's information: Google -- which later became Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

The former was worth just over $5 billion, while the latter was worth virtually nothing. Fast-forward not even two decades and they are arguably the two most powerful companies the world has ever known, with a combined market capitalization of almost $1.2 trillion!

But which stock is a better buy at today's prices?

There's no definitive way to answer that question. However, there are many different ways to approach it that will help you get more comfortable picking one of these two titans. Here are the three aspects that I consider to be most important.

Financial fortitude

Too much cash is a good problem to have. Over the long run, owning a company that has this kind of cash "problem" is very desirable. That's because when difficult times hit -- and they will hit -- companies that have cash have options. They can outspend their more cash-strapped rivals, buy back their own stock, or even make acquisitions.

Companies that are debt-heavy, on the other hand, find themselves in the exact opposite boat: struggling just to make ends meet, exploring options to be bought out, or even succumbing to bankruptcy.

Here's how Apple and Alphabet stack up in terms of financial fortitude.

Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Alphabet $78 billion $2 billion $19 billion $24 billion Apple $238 billion $75 billion $46 billion $53 billion

It would be very difficult to find two companies that have stronger balance sheets. While it's clear that Apple's numbers are greater than Alphabet's -- even after accounting for the fact that Apple is valued 11% higher than Alphabet -- the point of this lens is to see if one company has substantially more flexibility due to its cash than another.

Once we get to the point that these two companies are at, it's essentially a wash.

Winner: Tie

Sustainable competitive advantages

Of these three factors, this is perhaps the most important. Commonly referred to as a "moat" in investing circles, a company's sustainable competitive advantages are often the special sauce that separate it from competitors.

Some might be surprised to hear that I think Alphabet has a much stronger moat than Apple. Apple's moat is two-fold. First, it has a very powerful brand -- even more so abroad. That allows the company to charge more for its products than competitors. Second, the company has been building out an ecosystem that keeps users hooked in the system. For example, if your iPhone is synced with your Mac, your iPad, and your Apple TV, you'd be loath to switch to a different phone.

But the major weakness here is that the company has traditionally relied on coming up with "the next big thing" to drive sales. The iPhone was arguably one of the biggest consumer hits ever, but it has been a long time since Apple has released a product that even comes close to touching the iPhone's popularity, and the competition is always clawing for market share.

Alphabet, on the other hand, has the type of moat that famed investor Charlie Munger once said might be the widest he'd ever seen. That's because Google has a dominant search market share globally. But search is just one of seven Alphabet products that have over 1 billion users. The others are: Android, Chrome, Maps, Google Play Store, Gmail, and YouTube.

Think about Alphabet's moat like this: With each additional user that gets in Google's ecosystem, the company collects copious amounts of data, all of which can be used to offer advertising that's more targeted than anywhere in the world. In the end, those ads are what pays the bills at Alphabet, and with the exception of Facebook, there isn't a company (or government) on earth that can come close to Alphabet's data trove.

Winner: Alphabet

Valuation

Finally, we have valuation. This isn't an exact science, but here are four metrics I like to check when evaluating stocks.

Company P/E Ratio P/FCF Ratio PEG Ratio Dividend Alphabet 24 24 1.3 0% Apple 14 12 1.5 2%

While Alphabet appears to be slightly cheaper relative to its growth potential (PEG ratio), Apple is a better deal on every other metric. It's tough to find a company as successful as Apple that's trading for quite so cheap. And the fact that you get a 2% dividend -- which is both safe and has room for growth -- is the icing on the cake that makes Apple the winner of this round.

Winner: Apple

Final call: Draw

Both companies are solid. Apple is the cheaper stock; Alphabet has a stronger moat. As a tie-breaker, I go where my own skin in the game is: I'd definitely side with Alphabet. The company represents 13% of my family's real-life holdings, while Apple clocks in at just under 4%. Apple, Inc. Set to Expand in Indonesia It may not be the most exciting smartphone market in the world, but every little bit helps when you're trying to squeeze out growth in any way, shape, or form.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is now set to expand into Indonesia, after committing to a $44 million investment to open a new research and development (R&D) center in the region over the next few years, according to Reuters. Starting next year, Indonesia will implement a rule that requires all 4G smartphones to include at least 30% of local content, but that requirement can be satisfied in a few ways. It can be hardware, software, or investments. With Apple's supply chain deeply entrenched in other regions, the Mac maker went with the latter route, and recently earned a "local content certification," according to the report.

The local sourcing requirement is similar to a law in India, except that India's requirement pertains primarily to hardware components. Apple is unable to meet the requirement as is, despite its best efforts to be exempt under an exception for "state of the art" products. Apple still has a lot of work to do in order to crack India, which promises to be a massive smartphone market in the years ahead.

Last month, Indonesian government officials announced that Apple would be opening an R&D center in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta in 2017. That's just the latest in a string of R&D centers that the company is setting up across Asia.

This is Samsung turf

Again, this isn't a particularly big market at the moment. There were roughly 55 million smartphone users in Indonesia in 2015, and quarterly unit sales are typically in the single-digit millions, according to eMarketer. However, eMarketer expects the smartphone user base to jump to approximately 92 million by 2019, so there's definitely some growth potential for the Indonesian smartphone market, which is already the third-largest in the Asia-Pacific region behind China and India.

The Indonesian smartphone market is still immature in many ways. Network infrastructure remains an ongoing development, and wider network access will help boost adoption. Smartphone penetration is estimated at around 47%, according to GSMA Intelligence. In Mary Meeker's 2016 Internet Trends report, Indonesia falls into a group of countries that have medium to high barriers to broader internet adoption due to challenges around incentives and infrastructure, combined with mixed demographic trends. Affordability has been a key driver of smartphone adoption, which is obviously a hurdle for Apple given its premium positioning. The average retail price of a smartphone in Indonesia in 2014 was just $212, per Meeker's estimates. GDP per capita in 2015 was only about $3,300.

IDC released market share estimates for Indonesia just this morning, pegging Samsung as the market leader with 32% market share. China-based OPPO came in No. 2 with 17% share, followed by ASUS with 8%. The market researcher notes that most of the growth is coming from the $250-to-$300 price segment of the market, although entry-level handsets in the $100-to-$200 range are still the core part of the market. Note that Apple doesn't directly participate in either of those market segments.

There is some definite opportunity here as the market develops, and a wide range of companies are evaluating ways to comply with the local content regulation, which will likely spur continued growth. The risk is that Apple still ends up missing out by pricing itself out. How Apple Could Dominate 15% More Of Your Life Apple will attempt to monopolize and monetize commute time in an AV environment, scenario bolsters current share price and provides potential catalyst in next few years.

Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) recent forays into augmented reality ("AR"), television, media, etc., have given us greater confidence that Services can continue its growth into the next few years. In conducting research on cars, however, we're beginning to understand the transformative impact autonomous vehicles ("AVs") will have on commuters' lives, and in turn, Apple's ability to monetize its ecosystem well beyond 2020.

As we've outlined here, Services revenue and profits will continue to climb as the user base widens and the product offering deepens. Past-2020, we believe the adoption of AVs will lead to a significant increase in demand for content that will drive Services growth further, a scenario which supports Apple's current stock price and provides a potential catalyst for additional gains.

I. Our Flawed Apple Car Analysis

We originally performed an analysis of the potential for an Apple Car, but given the ambiguous nature of that project, it was always difficult to coalesce around a financial model that generated any amount of confidence or enthusiasm for that matter. Even in some "best-case scenarios" automotive manufacturing just doesn't lend itself to great margins. So we shelved it, waiting for additional details to emerge about what direction Apple would take.

As we turned our attention to Apple's Services, we started appreciating just how important the ecosystem is to Apple's future. The ecosystem today not only enhances customer captivity and brand loyalty, it also contributes significantly to the bottom line as each dollar of revenue is bringing in a 70% gross profit margin. We have confidence that Apple Services can continue to grow from 2017 to 2020 at 15% a year based on continuing expansion of the user base and initiatives currently being developed/already announced.

Year 2014A 2015A 2016A 2017E 2018E 2019E 2020E 2021 Services Profit $11,741 $12,941 $15,826 $19,600 $22,540 $25,921 $29,809 ??? 10% 22% 24% 15% 15% 15% ???

Beyond 2020 though, we had trouble understanding how Apple Services could grow significantly. Once we merged our Apple Car analysis with our Apple Services analysis, we finally began to understand a theme that's potentially emerging, and it's this:

It's not about developing and monetizing an Apple car that's important, it's about monopolizing and monetizing the time you spend in a car that matters.

Let's explain...

Autonomous Vehicles

In the next few years, our cars will morph from an electronically connected vehicle (e.g., Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA), CarPlay, Android Auto) to fully autonomous one. The Boston Consulting Group ("BCG") projects that by 2025, cars with partial or fully autonomous features will penetrate 12-13% of the global car market.

Like many advanced automotive features, AV adoption will start initially in the premium automotive segment, one populated by Apple's own highly-affluent, multi-product users.

We think AV adoption is very likely to happen for two reasons. First, the convenience and freedom afforded by full AVs will coincide with the disinterest millennials have for driving. This coupled with mainstream adoption of a product that removes the physical and mental tedium that characterizes our daily commute means we think autonomous driving will quickly become the norm. Second, just look at the accelerating technology adoption rates for items that were initially considered "unnecessary" or "luxury goods." Consumers are more "tech savvy" today and the excitement around Tesla has already laid the groundwork for AVs.

So as AVs become a reality, this will create a new greenfield for Apple's Services to expand dramatically.

II. All this Free Time, What to do?

Many of us have always wished for a 25th hour in the day to finish what we couldn't... well guess what? It's coming.

According to a McKinsey & Company report, AVs could free up to 50 minutes a day for users. (10 Ways Autonomous Driving Could Redefine the Automotive World, July 2016). These "passengers" can now spend their time working, relaxing, or accessing entertainment. This extra hour of "life" will dramatically increase our productivity and/or our opportunities to consume content.

A. Work

Having an extra 50 minutes to do as you please translates to an extra 6 hours a week of free time (note we believe the Marchetti constant will still apply and commutes will still last approx. 1 hour, although AVs will decrease congestion and increase driving speeds, people may live further away from the city center because they no longer need to drive).

If you spent the extra time only working, your work hours will increase by 15% (assuming a 40-hour week). The car could become a mobile office if your MacBook or iPad Pro connects with your AV, displaying your work on larger displays or a AR headset. What you were working on in the office or house could be seamlessly transferred to the car, and vice versa as you enter/exit the car.

The reality though is that most people won't work the entire time. Most likely they'll spend most of it on leisure activities (i.e., playing games, watching TV/movies, socializing, sleeping, etc.).

B. Leisure

According to the American Time Use Survey, men spend 5.8 hours and women 5.1 hours of their time engaged in leisure activities per day. Over an entire week, men and women spend 40.6 hours and 35.7 hours on leisure activities, respectively. Having an extra 6 hours translates to a 15% to 17% increase in the amount of time spent on such activities, but in an enclosed environment.

A portion of the 6 hours of free time will need to be filled, and if people pursue leisure activities for part of this, content consumption will increase. Even if people choose to sleep in the car, that would still result in spillover effects (as you'd now have more leisure time outside of the car as you're now rested).

We think most people will likely choose to watch TV. On average, people over the age of 15 already spend 2.8 hours per day (i.e., +40% of their leisure time) watching TV, something that likely will only increase in an AV; another reason why Apple's push into television is so important.

However passengers decide to spend their time, the above bodes well for Services revenue to increase as consumption rises for content sold on Apple's iTunes Store , App Store, Mac App Store, iBooks Store , Apple Music  and whatever Apple TV has in store.

III. Reaffirming Our Valuation: Refuting a Bear Thesis

We currently have a $140/share price target for 2017 (excluding any large repatriation/share buyback). For the above, it's difficult to value how the increase in leisure/work time will impact Apple's share price because two items will affect the calculation. First, the set of services Apple will offer a few years out and second the installed Apple user base as AV usage begins. We've tried scaling up the growth rates of Apple's Apps, media, and iTunes, but stretching out those projections further than 2020 and discounting the risk-adjusted cash flows back makes the value less useful.

Instead we believe a better way to think about the expanding Apple Services revenue, and the potential phase of AV-induced growth is to view it as increasing the likelihood that Apple's margins remain high and as a free call option.

For the first, a popular bear thesis on Apple is that the company's margins will eventually compress as its products are commoditized. Currently running at 40%, the thesis provides that Apple's gross margins will continue declining as iPhone competitors become much more competitive and as lower-margin products such as iWatch, iPads, etc. are introduced.

As detailed in our last write-up, Services profit already exceeds that of all "Other" profit excluding the iPhone.

2014 2015 2016 Gross Profit $70,537 $93,626 $84,263 Less iPhone Profit $(40,796) $(62,016) $(54,680) Remaining Profit $29,741 $31,610 $29,583 Services Profit $11,741 $12,941 $15,826 % of Remaining Profit 39% 41% 53% All Other Profit $18,000 $18,669 $13,757 % of Remaining Profit 61% 59% 47%

Absent another game-changing product, the highly-profitable of Apple services (growing at 15% a year) will continue supporting Apple's industry-leading margins even if hardware margins experience a slight erosion. While we were comfortable that the growth in Apple's Service revenue will help sustain margins in the next few years, we posed the question of what could drive growth beyond that. This analysis leads us to believe that post-2020, Services can continue growing above the trendline.

The interesting thing about this analysis is that it is somewhat independent of having a larger installed user base. Given Apple's +90% user retention, we believe Apple's installed user base will certainly continue growing from the 850M users we forecast today. Yet, the installed user base need not increase significantly. The increased demand for Services is a byproduct of the extra time afforded to AV passengers, and this time needs to be filled. A larger installed user base will simply magnify the increase in demand, but not drive it.

At the very least, we believe our analysis provides additional support for Apple's current intrinsic value, and also serves as a free "call option" for the future. As we get closer to AVs in a few more years, the services being offered and the financials associated with that upside will begin to crystallize, which likely will lead to further upside in Apple's shares as the unappreciated becomes appreciated.

Holistic View

Ultimately, expanding Apple's ecosystem, the company's expressed interest in augmented reality ("AR"), Apple's reported interest into cars and television media/programming are better understood in the context of what's to come. Competition will be severe because it's not just a game changer for Apple, it affects every tech and media company that produces content and/or sells goods/services (i.e., Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), etc.).

Since many of the new AV features will first be introduced in the premium car market, Apple needs to focus on developing these technologies now in order to be ready for this next phase of development. As influencers dominate this initial market, the cohesivity and breadth/depth of Apple's product offerings will go far in determining what the mass market eventually adopts.

So you see, when viewed holistically, Apple's forays into seemingly unfocused and disparate product categories become less chaotic and more methodical. The question to ask isn't how will each of these categories supplant/replace the iPhone as the revenue driver for Apple, the question to ask is what will we do with all of our newfound time, and how will our company benefit from that? Under such a framework, AVs represent a tidal wave of "more time" in our lives, and Apple Services will soon be set to ride it for years to come.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple: Evidence Mounts For A Full Self-Driving Car  
2016-05-16
Apple Inc. and Anacor Pharmaceuticals Inc. Soar As Stocks Jump After three consecutive weeks of declines, stocks started the new trading week on a much more positive note. On Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) added 175 points, or 1%, and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) gained 20 points, or about 1%. Both indexes had produced as much as a 1.2% gain before stepping back in the last hour of trading:

Energy stocks led all sectors up after oil prices set a fresh high for the year on news that global supply could be falling to rapidly meet up with lower demand. Rather than cratering toward $20 per barrel, oil has now bounced back up above $40 per barrel.

As for individual stocks, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Anacor Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ANAC) were two of the market's most notable movers following major news for their shareholders.

Apple's Warren Buffett bounce

Apple was the biggest mover on the Dow, jumping 4% after Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) revealed that it had just established a big stake in the consumer tech titan. It accumulated 9.8 million shares for a total outlay of $1.1 billion.

With that move, Berkshire stepped in to buy the stock near two-year lows as many Wall Street professionals, including billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn, sold out. Apple recently posted its first-ever decline in iPhone sales, which is pressuring sales and profit growth while raising the stakes on the next device launch. Yet Buffett apparently chose to take some of his best-known advice: "Be greedy when others are fearful."

In an email to The Wall Street Journal, though, the Berkshire Hathaway CEO clarified that he wasn't responsible for the decision to establish an Apple position. That choice fell to one of his two chief investing managers, Todd Combs or Ted Weschler. While the Oracle of Omaha wasn't personally behind the purchase, the Berkshire move was still big enough news to draw fresh attention to Apple's enviable brand, rock-solid cash flow, and below-market valuation -- all characteristics that Buffett traditionally looks for in the businesses he signs up to own for the long term.

Anacor Pharmaceuticals' buyout

Anacor Pharmaceuticals spiked 55% on news that it was being purchased by drug giant Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) for $5.2 billion in cash. The agreement looks like a done deal as both companies' executives have signed off on the merger.

Pfizer made the purchase mainly to get its hands on Anacor's cisaborole, which is a topical treatment for eczema that's currently under review by the FDA. That drug represents "an attractive opportunity to address a significant unmet medical need for a large patient population with mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis," a Pfizer executive said in a press release. "Crisaborole is a differentiated asset with compelling clinical data that, if approved, has the potential to be an important first-line treatment option for these patients and the physicians who treat them."

Roughly 20 million Americans suffer from mild or moderate eczema and could find relief from this drug, according to Anacor. Pfizer will fund the purchase entirely through its cash holdings, and it sees the deal slightly lowering earnings next year before boosting profits beginning in 2018. Anacor shareholders, meanwhile, will receive $99 per share in cash as soon as the deal closes, which should be sometime in calendar Q3. Apple, Inc. Might Finally Set Up Shop in India This has been a long time coming, but it looks like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may finally be setting up physical shop in the world's second-most-populous country: India.

FactorDaily is reporting that Apple plans on opening three retail locations in India over the next 18 months, citing an anonymous source. The locations would be in Delhi, Bangalore, and Mumbai. The stores will reportedly each occupy 10,000 square feet and naturally be located in areas with a lot of foot traffic, much like all of the company's other retail stores.

It's about time.

Rules are rules

India has long had regulations in place that prohibit foreign companies from owning and operating single-brand retail stores. That all changed in 2012 when India's Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion changed the policies and opened the way for foreign companies to own 100% of single-brand retail stores. However, there was a catch: The company must source at least 30% of the total value of products sold from within the country.

That's a hurdle for Apple, since it has no meaningful suppliers in India, and its contract manufacturing partners are mostly located in China and other countries. Earlier this year, the Indian government said it would consider waiving the sourcing requirement on a case-by-case basis, and Apple had filed an application to open branded Apple Stores.

A carrot?

Meanwhile, FactorDaily also says that Apple will soon announce a local start-up accelerator in India, in order to nurture developers that want to build iOS apps and services.

If Apple needed to bring something to the negotiating table to get the sourcing requirement waived, it seems possible that this start-up accelerator could have been a useful bargaining chip. Perhaps Apple was able to sway regulators with this investment, with the hopes that nurturing the local development community could potentially translate into an economic windfall for the region. Apple often points to the App Store as a powerful engine of job creation, noting that it has 380,000 paid members of its development program while attributing 627,000 jobs created to the broader iOS ecosystem.

Also, a start-up incubator in India would help also benefit Apple by creating localized content, which is a critical strategic piece of its success in any given market. Having a strong catalog of apps and services that are catered to local languages and culture goes a long way with selling iPhones.

The Indian opportunity

On the last call, Apple CEO Tim Cook spoke at length about the opportunities in India. He pointed to iPhone unit sales growth of 56%, the fact that 4G LTE hasn't even been deployed in the country yet, and the fact that India is already the third-largest smartphone market in the world, behind the U.S. and China.

Cook believes that India looks a lot like China did seven to 10 years ago, and now that Apple is putting a lot more emphasis there, it has plenty of growth opportunities to unlock. Carl Icahn dissolves in Apple, ups in AIG  Omega Advisors has liquidated stake in Apple   source  
2016-05-18
What Is Apple, Inc. Building? I know this is a silly question before I ask it, but what is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) building?

The reason I ask is because Apple's overall R&D expenses continue to march steadily higher -- by a lot. Once upon a time, the Mac maker's quarterly R&D expenditures might only comprise a modest 2% of revenue, an impressively efficient figure considering the product innovations we were seeing come out of the company, and the subsequent revenue growth.

These days, R&D comprises a whopping 4% of trailing-12-month sales.

I say "whopping" regarding Apple's rising R&D costs mostly in the context of the company itself. Many tech peers often spend upwards of 10% to 15% of sales on R&D. There's not necessarily a causal relationship, either, where more R&D spending inherently translates into greater innovation. Sometimes excess spending is just plain wasteful if you don't generate innovative new ideas.

More recently, the pace of innovation does seem to have slowed. 3D Touch was fairly "meh" as far as iPhone headliners go. The bigger 12.9-inch iPad Pro looks promising in the enterprise, but as a larger iPad it probably wasn't too expensive to develop. Apple Watch still has a ways to go before it becomes a truly compelling new product category.

The obvious answer

Sometimes the most obvious answer is the correct one: Apple is working on a car. There's been no shortage of headlines about Apple's rumored car ambitions. If anything, we can't seem to stop hearing about the Apple Car, even though it's many years away from launching, if it even does at all. There's always the possibility that Apple will scrap the plans, but for now it appears that Project Titan, as it's code-named, is charging full steam ahead.

But look how Apple's R&D expenditures have soared in recent years in absolute dollar terms, too. This next chart is particularly effective if you consider when CEO Tim Cook reportedly approved Project Titan (per the initial Wall Street Journal report in February 2015):

The iPhone maker is now approaching $10 billion in TTM R&D expenses (currently $9.2 billion, to be precise). This is a ton of money going into R&D, even for Apple. Especially for Apple, considering its historical efficiency with R&D spending.

Even as Apple is starting to run into some macroeconomic headwinds, Cook is undeterred. On the January conference call in response to a question from Cross Research analyst Shannon Cross, he said, "Yes, on the R&D, Shannon, we're continuing to invest without pause. We have some great things in the pipeline and we very much believe strongly in investing through downturns, such as the one that everyone is going through."

Will we ever see the car, Tim? Apple Inc. Still Hasn't Caught Up with iPhone SE Demand Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) revealed on its most recent earnings call that its latest iPhone, the 4-inch iPhone SE, is seeing greater-than-expected demand. This, unfortunately for the iDevice maker, has led the company to be, in the words of CEO Tim Cook, "supply constrained."

On the call, Cook didn't give an indication as to when the company would eventually reach supply/demand balance for these iPhones, only saying that Apple will "be able to work [its] way out of this at some point."

After recently checking Apple's online store, it looks as though the company has yet to reach supply/demand balance for these products.

Still a two- to three-week wait for the SE

When I go to the Apple website to try to buy a SIM-free 64 GB iPhone SE, no matter what the color, the site tells me that the device will be available to ship in "2-3 weeks." Additionally, it doesn't seem as though any of these phones are available for pickup at my local Apple store or any of the stores in the surrounding area -- if I want to buy an iPhone SE, it will either need to be shipped to me or to a store.

What's the holdup?

Although demand is clearly better than Apple had expected, the fact that these supply issues haven't been cleared up nearly two months following the launch of the device raises some serious red flags.

The components that go into the iPhone SE aren't anything new; they're largely recycled from the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6. Yields on these should be good and, given how much the various supply chain players seem to be hurting right now as a result of iPhone 6s/6s Plus cutbacks, supply shouldn't be an issue.

Is Apple just playing it too cautiously?

I think at this point Apple is feeling a bit stunned at how poorly the iPhone 6s/6s Plus were received in the marketplace. The fact that the company is having to take all of these actions to bring down channel inventories is probably making Apple uncomfortable, and it's almost certainly wreaking havoc on its suppliers.

My best guess is that Apple is treading very lightly, hoping to manage iPhone SE builds, internal inventories, and ultimately channel inventory levels very lean. Furthermore, Apple doesn't exactly have a ton of competition in the premium 4-inch smartphone department (most phone makers have moved on to larger screens), so potential buyers will probably just wait the two to three weeks rather than buy a device from a competitor.

What this means for Apple stock

Apple guided to a revenue range of $41 billion to $43 billion for the current quarter. This fairly large spread between the low end and the high end of the guidance, according to CFO Luca Maestri, "reflects a range of possible scenarios related to how quickly [Apple] can get into supply/demand balance for iPhone SE."

In other words, if Apple can get into supply/demand balance for these phones, then we might see Apple report a revenue figure closer to the high end of the range. If it can't, then we could see revenue closer to the low end of the range.

Obviously as far as the stock goes, the more units that the company can sell and record revenue for, the better. 
2016-05-26
3 Things Every Apple, Inc. Investor Should Know If you own Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock, you're not alone. According to a 2014 survey, shares of the iPhone-maker were by far the most popular among individual investors, ranking as the most widely held stock in 45 of 50 states.

Recently, that investment hasn't been so hot. The stock is off its all-time high last year by nearly 30%. Now, after reporting its first sales decline in 13 years and receiving a surprising investment from Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, the stock may be at a turning point. More than ever before, Apple looks like a value play in search of its next big hit.

As the company moves into its next life phase, here are three key factors for investors to keep in mind.

1. It's all about China

In Apple's Q2 2015, iPhone sales in China topped the U.S. for the first time, just a year after Apple signed its landmark deal with China Mobile. The world's most populous country is now the world's biggest smartphone market, but the smartphone penetration rate in China was under 40% last year, according to eMarketer. With the U.S. and Europe having matured and India still in its infancy, China is Apple's key growth market for the foreseeable future.

Despite China's slowing economic growth, it's still growing at a much faster pace than the U.S. or any other major economy, and its middle class continues to rapidly expand. Companies like Starbucks and McDonald's are also increasing their focus on this opportunity, with the coffee giant planning to open 500 stores in China in each of the next five years.

The moderately priced iPhone SE seems designed to take advantage of the Chinese market and other developing economies. In fact, in less than a week after its release, Apple had taken 3.4 million pre-orders for the SE in China, a bullish sign considering total iPhone sales globally last quarter were 51.2 million.

Continued success in China is not guaranteed, and the macroeconomic environment will go a long way to determining it, but more than any other country, China will be key to Apple's future.

2. There will probably never be another hit like the iPhone

Investors waiting for the product launch that will match the iPhone can keep holding their breath. It's hard to overstate the success of Apple's trademark smartphone. Driven largely by the iPhone, Apple's holiday quarter profit of $18.4 billion was bigger than last year's profit at all but three companies in the S&P 500: Berkshire Hathaway, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan Chase.

The iPhone contributes more than 65% of the company's revenue, and likely a greater percentage of profit, meaning if the device was its own company, it would be the most profitable in the world.

There are a number of reasons the success of the iPhone will be so hard to repeat, but two in particular come to mind. Apple's visionary founder Steve Jobs, regarded as the singular creative genius of his time, is no longer with us, and opportunities to disrupt industries as vast as mobile computing and telecommunications just don't come around very often.

If there's any comparable horizon on the way, it would seem to be automobiles. Apple and a number of other tech giants and traditional carmakers are busy working on the car of the future, but that level of competition may make it difficult for Apple to dominate the future car market the way it has with phones.

There are a number of key differences between car and smartphone markets as well. The "upgrade cycle" for cars is much longer. The average length of ownership of a new car is now about 6.5 years, and the average age of cars on the road is now 11.5 years.That compares to iPhone users who tend to upgrade their phones every two years. The longer upgrade cycle means it would take Apple much longer to penetrate the auto market as consumers are unlikely to dump their current vehicle that they've spent thousands of dollars on to prematurely upgrade to an Apple Car. Additionally, such a product would not be subsidized by partners in the way the iPhone was subsidized by telecoms.

The biggest concern, however, may be that if a self-driving car becomes mainstream, it's likely to reduce car ownership. Certainly, that is Uber's hope as the leading ride-hailing service would like to reduce the cost of transportation enough to make car ownership unnecessary -- at least for city-dwellers, who would then rely on its own service. Such an outcome would undercut the most likely potential market for an Apple car: high-earning urbanites.

3. Apple is being valued like a no-growth stock

With a P/E of just 11, Apple is one of the cheapest stocks in the S&P 500. Its valuation is less than half of the broad market index's at 24, and backing out its cash hoard gives it a P/E of just around 8. Fellow tech giant IBM (NYSE:IBM) may offer the best comparison. Big Blue is valued at a P/E of 11, but it's posted 16 straight quarters of declining revenue. While no two companies are perfectly comparable, Apple would seem to be in a better position than IBM, which has struggled in its transition to the cloud-computing era.

Benjamin Graham, the father of value investing and author of The Intelligent Investor, theorized that a no-growth company should be valued at a P/E of 8.5. Practically, there is no such thing as a no-growth company since growth rates are constantly changing, but Graham's theories have had perhaps more influence on valuation than any other. Considering the S&P's inflated valuation, it's even more surprising to see Apple fit Graham's definition of no-growth.

Is Apple truly a no-growth company? Despite the setback in its recent quarter, it's hard to see it that way. The iPhone 7 is set to debut in a few months, and Apple's R&D department is hard at work on other big ideas, including the car, which could be significantly accretive to earnings, if not as big as the iPhone. Its Services segment showed strong growth last quarter, increasing 20%, and segments like the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay should continue to grow over the coming years. Sales of new products like the Apple Watch should also improve as new editions come out.

With more than $53 billion in net income last year, Apple is fantastically profitable. The iPhone-maker may finally be succumbing to the law of large numbers, but it's a mistake to assume it's done growing. At the very least, the billions of dollars of stock it's buying back should steadily push up its earnings per share, boosting the stock higher. 
2016-05-20
How Apple Stores Ushered In The Post Commodity Era  What Would Steve Jobs Tell Apple Employees Today? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has had a rough go of it lately. The stock recently hit new seven-month lows, and it remains down 27.0 percent in the past year. If you were wondering what inspiring words the late great visionary Steve Jobs would tell Apple employees in times like these, you might be disappointed.

According to a recent Quora discussion, Jobs rarely sent out mass emails to Apple employees. Former workers recalled just a handful of memorable Jobs emails.

The most popular email in the comments was the following one Jobs sent out in 2006 when Apple eclipsed Dell in valuation:

 Team, it turned out that Michael Dell wasn t perfect at predicting the future. Based on today s stock market close, Apple is worth more than Dell. Stocks go up and down, and things may be different tomorrow, but I thought it was worth a moment of reflection today. Steve. 

Related Link: Apple-As-A-Service: The Fruit's Recipe For $1 Trillion Market Cap

Another poster shared a pair of Jobs emails for the distant past. First, from 2001:

 Just a gentle reminder that Pixar s newest movie, Monsters, Inc., opens this weekend. I hope everyone can go see it this weekend. It s a gem. Best, Steve 

The poster paraphrased the other email from circa 1998:

 Wow! We re doing so well that we ve actually triggered profit sharing. I didn t even know we *had* profit sharing. 

If there s any takeaway from these glimpses into Jobs  attitude, it s that it never hurts to keep things in perspective and try not to take life so seriously.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Posted-In: DELL Pixar Quora Steve JobsEducation General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-05-12
Apple Inc. To Debut New Apple Music in June As the old saying goes, "If at first you don't succeed, try, try again." Right now, the maxim certainly seems fitting for Apple Music.

After launching to much fanfare last June, Apple Music appears to have largely failed in its initial attempts to catch on-demand streaming music leader Spotify. With the Swedish streaming giant likely headed toward an IPO, Apple reportedly has its own plans to refresh its Apple Music later this year.

Apple Music 2.0

According to recent reports, Apple has been quietly developing a major overhaul to its Apple Music service. The new iteration of Apple Music will be unveiled at its World Wide Developers Conference in June, exactly one year after its launch.

Numerous initial reviews cited the lack of cohesiveness between disparate pieces of Apple's iTunes service as a key issue that hindered its adoption, which jives with my own anecdotal experience with Apple Music. The forthcoming Apple Music revamp reportedly plans to address this issue by both simplifying its user interface and improving integration between the streaming, digital download, and radio portions of iTunes. The company also believes it has the team in place to fully realize Apple Music's potential

Reporting from Bloomberg cited tensions between various Apple and Beats employees as a significant reason behind the original Apple Music's shortcomings. Some Beats employees apparently chafed at what they viewed as Apple's overly bureaucratic decision-making process. Some were also assigned to work on other Apple services, such as iBooks and the App Store, to their chagrin.

The cultural tension in integrating the two teams doesn't appear to have been overly rancorous, but the Bloomberg article cites no fewer than 5 senior level employees who left Apple after the acquisition. With Apple having taken concrete steps to address some concerns, the new team is reportedly working in greater harmony, which Apple claims has produced an updated product that will be appreciably better than the first-gen Apple Music.

Better hope so

Apple needs its looming Apple Music launch to prove successful since the competition in the streaming media market will likely accelerate in the coming year.

Here, streaming juggernaut Spotify appears intent on pressing any advantage it possesses to consolidate or even possibly expand its subscriber lead over Apple Music. Third-party reports claim Spotify is quickly approaching 100 million free users and 30 million paying users, which substantially exceeds the 11 million paying users Apple Music is believed to have. After loading up on $1 billion in new financing earlier this year, Spotify is working tirelessly to expand the depth and breadth of its content offerings, including its own upcoming foray into original video content.

Online radio rival Pandora (NYSE:P) also remains a potential threat to Apple Music's efforts to control the future of digital music. After purchasing the on-demand streaming assets from the now-defunct Rdio last year, it's widely believed Pandora also plans to launch its own on-demand streaming service in the not-too-distant future. Pandora also recently retooled its management team, reinstalling founder Tim Westergren as CEO in a move it hopes can help the company regain its once-innovative product lead.

Like Apple, Pandora badly missed the rise of on-demand streaming, but the company remains a credible threat, in no small part due to the nearly 80 million active users who frequent its online radio service. Apple also enjoys a sizable user base of iTunes users -- over 800 million as of 2014 -- to whom it can market its upcoming Apple Music update. So while Apple enjoys an undeniable opportunity given its massive size and scale, only a winning product will allow the company to truly make good on Apple Music's big picture promise. Is Apple Vulnerable Right Now? Apple's stock may be vulnerable for the time being, but its business is not.

While Apple is struggling to top tough comps from last year, there is no formidable competitor rising to the top.

iPhone sales are tracking below last year's pace, while revenues continue to decline from a year-over-year perspective. Does this mean the end is near for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and that its best days are behind it? A lot of it hinges on the next iteration of the iPhone.

I'm not going to get into the conversation about Apple streaming, cars and splashy acquisitions. While some (or all) of these may come true, these catalysts are potentially years off in the future and right now, the outcomes are just speculation.

In the first half of fiscal 2016, Apple sold 125.97 million iPhones, down 7% from the first half of 2015. Likewise, revenues sank 13% in the most recent quarter compared to year-ago results. At the midpoint, Apple guided for $42 billion in revenue this quarter, which would represent a drop of 15.33% from the same quarter in 2015.

One could make the simple argument that there was so much demand for a larger screen iPhone that when Apple finally released the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, it spurred a frenzy of buying and drove up sales to near-impossible comparable levels for the following year. Along comes the 6s and 6s Plus, consumers like it but don't love it, and decide that after the holiday rush, they would rather wait for the new iPhone to come out later this fall.

That's a pretty rationale argument, but a dangerous one at that.

In this situation, we essentially have two outcomes. Either the iPhone 7 lights the world on fire -- like the iPhone -- consumers love it and the sun will rise the next morning. If the next phone is just another "token" upgrade, like going from the 5 to 5s or 6 to 6s, Apple could have a big problem.

One very common, long overdone argument is "what will happen to Apple when the next best thing comes along?" As if Apple is some flash-in-the-pan tech company and not one of the most well-recognized, dominating forces in tech, (not to mention we've heard this for years).

That's not to say it can't be dethroned some day, but I don't see it going the way of BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY). As of now, Apple's products are still very good and quite frankly, there's no formidable competitor to knock off Apple at the moment.

When BlackBerry did turn lower, it coincided with Apple's rise. Notice in the chart below where BlackBerry's revenues topped out and when Apple's iPhone hit rapid growth, growing from ~40 million units in 2010 to ~125 million units in 2012.

Currently, there is no formidable competitor rising while Apple's revenues stall. For me, that makes me think Apple's revenue decline is temporary and that the tech giant will eventually get back to raking in more cash.

The risk here is that the iPhone 7 is a disappointment. Because so far, Apple hasn't found its new product category that will take it to the next level. Its services stream and Apple Watch are good, but they're nowhere near enough to stymie the bloodbath that would ensue should this be the end of the iPhone era.

So while shares of Apple may be vulnerable (especially right now) as revenues decline amid tough comparable iPhone sales, I don't think the business of Apple is all that vulnerable, and that's what I care about as a longer term investor.

Final Thoughts

Simply put, even if Apple failed to grow revenues from here on out, let's keep in mind this business is doing just fine. The company generated $234 billion in sales last year, up 28%! It would be foolish not to expect some sort of deceleration from those levels. Even flat growth would be impressive.

Net income over $50 billion for 2015 is insane, and with a valuation as low as Apple's, flat growth for the company would eventually drive the stock price higher thanks to management's enormous buyback.

Shares could be susceptible for more downside in the short- to mid-term, particularly if the market heads lower. But honestly, Apple is a very well-run company, if a little defensive at times, but its business is doing well and until a formidable competitor enters the smartphone fray, I don't see its run ending anytime soon.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in AAPL over the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-05-23
No, Apple Isn't Becoming BlackBerry. It's Worse Than That Is the era of Apple coming to an end? Influential Apple developer Marco Arment thinks so, and a surprising number of the tech industry's deep thinkers agree that trends are pointing in that direction. In a blog post published over the weekend, Arment, the creator of Instapaper and the second employee of Tumblr, predicted dark days ahead for Apple as mobile computing becomes less about cool apps and more about artificially intelligent interfaces that converse with users in a humanlike way and anticipate their needs.

"Today, Amazon, Facebook, and Google are placing large bets on advanced AI, ubiquitous assistants, and voice interfaces, hoping that these will become the next thing that our devices are for," Arment wrote. "Apple can do rudimentary versions of all of those, but their competitors--again, especially Google--are far ahead of them, and the gap is only widening."

If Apple fails to close that gap, Arment said, it could end up like Research In Motion, which dominated the smartphone market with its Blackberry until a new entrant--Apple itself--came along and redefined that market with innovations like the touchscreen interface and a bountiful app store. By the time RIM (since renamed Blackberry) realized it needed to alter its strategy, it was already too late. "What the iPhone represented we missed," CEO Joe Chen told the Washington Post recently. "The market changed, and we didn't change with the market."

If that scenario unfolds at Apple, future business historians may well date the beginning of the end to this year's first quarter, when sales of the iPhone declined year-over-year for the first time since the device was released in 2007.

But it didn't take that wake-up call for Apple to perceive the threat represented by its competitors advances in AI and ambient computing (as smart, sensor-enabled devices like Amazon's Echo are sometimes labeled). For the last few years, Apple has been on a hiring binge, trying to snap up all the AI talent it can lay its hands on. By one estimate, it has tripled or quadrupled the number of AI engineers in its workforce.

Once the world's biggest and richest company starts throwing resources against a problem, it's only a matter of time before that problem gets solved, right? Indeed, RIM had a real chance to head off the challenge posed by the iPhone but botched it by mismanaging the launch of its would-be iPhone killer, the Blackberry Storm, according to "Losing the Signal: The Untold Story Behind the Extraordinary Rise and Spectacular Fall of Blackberry." By contrast, you can't say Apple was a latecomer to AI-powered voice assistants: Countless smartphone users had never encountered such a thing until September 2013, when Apple released the iPhone 4S, the first to offer Siri.

In a sense, that's exactly the problem, though. Apple hasn't fallen behind Google, Amazon, and Facebook because of a late start or a lack of resources. Rather, those companies have a built-in advantage because of the way they handle users' data--by vacuuming it up into the cloud, where they can aggregate and analyze vast amounts of it. Apple, meanwhile, has positioned itself as opposed to that kind of thing on the grounds of both user privacy and user experience.

Telling customers your email application or music player won't bombard them with creepy ads that make them feel like someone just riffled through their desk drawers is the kind of thing that generally goes over pretty well. Telling them your virtual assistant doesn't know which airline you prefer or when your next dentist appointment is--that's a tougher sell. Then again, abandoning a principled position because it interferes with your product-development prerogatives is not such a great look either.

In other words, RIM simply got out-innovated by Apple. It bet that consumers cared about physical keyboard and didn't care about apps, and it was wrong on both counts. That happens. Blackberry faced a crisis but not a philosophical dilemma. Apple may be staring down both. iForays in the Indian market more-in

Apple Inc. CEO >Tim Cook s visit to India this month marks a definite change of course for the technology giant. Unlike its peers, till now it hasn t worried much about making or selling its wares in the country   and the course correction is timely. Mr. Cook s visit, the first to India by an Apple CEO in the company s 40-year history, comes barely a month after its first >quarterly revenue fall in 13 years. The long period of heady sales growth, making Apple the world s most valuable company by market capitalisation, seems to have ended. Even as critics debate whether this is due to the innovations pipeline at Apple drying up or a global slowdown, the Cupertino-based company is now finding that customers in its two main markets   the U.S. and China   are not as eager as before for its premium phones and tablets. In the last six months, the Apple share has lost about a fifth of its value. Last month, maverick billionaire-investor Carl Icahn sold his stake in Apple, citing concerns about  China s attitude , the trigger being Beijing s decision to shut down Apple iTunes movies and iBooks stores. This is far more serious than it may appear, as Apple offers not just hardware but a whole marketplace. It is clearly time for Apple to nurture a big, promising market. India is that market.

Mr. Cook has taken the >task of engaging with India seriously. He has ticked all the boxes   including visiting the Siddhivinayak temple, meeting Bollywood stars, watching an IPL cricket match, and calling on the Prime Minister. But he would know that India can be no match for China in the scheme of things for Apple immediately. True, India proved to be a rare high-growth region for the company in the last quarter. But that growth came from a very small base. Not only is China a key manufacturing base for Apple, it also accounts for about a fourth of its sales. As Mr. Cook pointed out, India is now where China was seven to 10 years ago. It is poised to become the second-largest smartphone market in the world but its buyers are extremely price-sensitive. Apple is premium. There is little doubt amongst analysts that there is immense potential for Apple in India in the long run. But till it gets there, Apple would want to see how much of the market it can tap for its products and its marketplace. Its plan to sell pre-owned phones, which was overruled by the government recently, was an attempt in this direction. Two announcements made by Apple during Mr. Cook s visit   regarding the opening of its first development centre in India and the establishment of a design and development accelerator in Bengaluru   show how Apple is now looking at India not only as a market. But the big news that the Centre would have liked to hear   Apple manufacturing in India   has proved to be elusive. For now. Should Apple Copy Samsung's Promotional Success?  Apple: Google's Project Ara Shows That iPhone Got It Right  
2016-05-30
Apple Inc. May Be Taking a Step Back with iPhone 7 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has traditionally prided itself on its ability to make its next generation devices thinner and lighter than prior generation devices. Apple highlighted this during the iPhone 5 launch, as well as during the iPhone 6 launch.

With the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, though, thinness and lightness gave way to harsh engineering realities: in order to include the additional 3D Touch functionality to the display, the device needed to be made slightly thicker. Unsurprisingly, Apple did not talk at all about the thinness or weight of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus at the product launch.

According to a new leak (via Phone Arena), it appears that Apple will again regress in the thickness department with the iPhone 7.

iPhone 7 gets thicker; iPhone 7 Plus stays thick

The iPhone 6s was 7.1 millimeters thick and the iPhone 6s Plus was 7.3 millimeters thick -- both about 0.2 millimeters thicker than their respective predecessors. The leak republished by Phone Arena shows that the iPhone 7 will be 7.2 millimeters thick while the iPhone 7 Plus will be 7.3 millimeters thick.

In other words, iPhone 7 gets ever-so-slightly thicker while the iPhone 7 Plus stays as thick as the previous model.

This is surprising in light of the initial reports from often-reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo that stated that iPhone 7 would be Apple's thinnest iPhone yet. However, in light of the features that Apple will need to deliver in order to compel customers to upgrade, it's not surprising.

More performance means thicker chassis?

Generally speaking, the thicker a device (such as a phone, tablet, etc.) is, the more power the chip inside can consume while maintaining a target temperature. With the iPhone 7, Apple may be interested in providing a large boost in processor performance.

This time around, Apple doesn't have the luxury of using a newer, more efficient manufacturing technology relative to what it used to build the A9 chip found in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. It's the same technology.

Apple can certainly do work on the design side in order to improve the performance/watt of the chip, but in order to deliver a boost in performance that people will care about, the iDevice maker may have its chip consume more power. Pushing performance and power up while making the device materially thinner are two very conflicting goals.

Additionally, I believe that Apple will use more sophisticated (and potentially higher resolution) displays on its next generation iPhones. These, too, will require additional power consumption. In order to make the battery thicker, as well as to allow for the device to handle the added heat, a thicker device may be required.

It's all about the user experience

At the end of the day, the performance/aesthetic trade off that Apple needs to make is a tricky one. Although the company has spent years promoting thinner and lighter devices, the reality is that there's far more to the user experience than simply how thin a product is.

I would take more performance and a better, sharper display over a slightly thinner casing any day. If these leaks are true, then Apple probably thinks that most of its target customers would prefer that trade off as well. 
2016-05-11
A Dividend Stock to Buy: Apple, Inc. On May 31, 2013, I called Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) a dividend investor's dream stock. After the stock's 26% sell-off in the past 12 months, is it almost worthy of such a bullish name again?

When brand power, a cheap valuation, and dividend growth collide

The last time I called Apple a dividend investor's dream stock, its dividend yield was only 2.5% -- subpar compared with many popular large-cap dividend stocks, which often have yields above 3%. But Apple stock's value to income investors at the time was found in more than its yield. When this yield was combined with the undervalued characteristics of the stock and the dividend's growth potential, Apple looked like a downright bargain. At the time, shares were trading at a split-adjusted $63.60.

Almost three years later, investors who bought shares at the time have seen a 47% gain -- and that's not even including dividends. This return nearly doubles the S&P 500's rise during the same period.

What's interesting is that my bullish call on the stock involved zero speculation about new products, and it didn't even consider the trajectory of smartphone sales. It simply acknowledged how the stock price didn't reflect the underlying fundamentals supporting dividends and dividend growth.

Time for dividend investors to buy again?

Despite the stock's huge gain since my bullish call three years ago, the fundamentals in relation to the stock's valuation are looking similar today, and the stock is subsequently starting to look very enticing.

In 2013, I highlighted three areas where the company stood out as an A-grade dividend investment. Here's how Apple measures up on these same metrics three years later.

Metric May 2013 May 2016 Free cash flow-to-sales 26% 24% Cash per share* 36% 46% Payout ratio 22% 23%

On all three metrics, Apple is still looking solid.

Free cash flow-to-sales: Highlighting Apple's sustained cash-generating power, about $0.24 of every dollar of sales is making it to the company's free cash flow -- about the same as the impressive $0.26 of every dollar it was converting to cold, hard cash several years ago.

Cash per share: Apple's cash per share is up significantly. In May 2013, cash represent 36%. Today, it accounts for 46% of the stock's value.

Payout ratio: And the tech giant is still only paying out a fraction of its earnings, despite increasing its dividend by about 10% each year since. A payout ratio of just 23% leaves plenty of room for more dividend growth.

Of course, Apple's performance on these three metrics doesn't automatically make the stock just as good of a buy as it was in 2013. But with the stock's dividend yield back up to 2.5% for the first time since 2013, even as its FCF-to-sales, cash per share, and payout ratio are looking attractive, Apple is definitely beginning to look like a compelling investment for investors looking for reliable and growing dividend income.

Just as I did in 2013, I'll leave investors with a challenge:

Do you know of a stock with a dividend yield in excess of 2.5% that also outperforms Apple when it comes to its FCF-to-sales, payout ratio, and cash per share metrics? Chances are, there aren't too many investments -- if any -- that meet this criterion. And there almost certainly aren't any that meet this criterion and also have the staying power of Apple's iconic brand.

Apple isn't quite the "dream stock" it was in May 2013, but it does look like a solid bet for dividend investors. Smartphone Suppliers Are Screaming The Market Has Gone From Bad To Worse Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) investors appear to be preparing for the possibility of declining iPhone sales in the near term. The question that the broader investment community continues to ask is if the prospect of declining smartphone sales is a problem related only to Apple or is it an industry-wide issue.

One of the first steps in evaluating the state of the smartphone market is to turn toward key members of the supply chain. According to Bloomberg, Asian component makers are "positioned early in the supply chain so they often signal what's ahead" for the large manufacturers.

Can it be that bad?

Related Link: Eunice Yoon Breaks Down Apple's China Problem

Bloomberg noted that smartphone component suppliers in Asia are issuing concerning earning reports and guidance. Pegatron, an assembler of iPhones, missed its profit expectations; the company attributed the miss to April sales from Apple falling 16 percent.

Minebea Co., a maker of LED lights for smartphones, reported revenue and earnings that fell short of management's own guidance. Japan Display Inc, a supplier of screens to Apple and other smartphone manufacturers, cautioned that it will lose money during the current fiscal year and needs to suspend a proposed dividend to shareholders.

Bloomberg suggested that after many years of strong growth and adoption, smartphones are no longer considered a novelty and many brands are vying to compete in the mid and low-price ranges. This is a market where consumers typically don't upgrade their phones as often compared to high-end users.

Meanwhile, China's smartphone market is heading toward "an epic shakeout" after years of "phenomenal growth."

"The smartphone industry will continue to slow down this year," Richard Ko, a Taipei-based analyst at KGI Securities Co. told Bloomberg. "Competition will worsen and prices will likely continue to fall."

Posted-In: Bloomberg iPhoneEmerging Markets Top Stories Markets Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. unable to restore Austin Stephanos' iPhone to working condition The families of two teens missing at sea are disappointed after Apple Inc. failed to retrieve any information from Austin Stephanos' iPhone.

Apple representatives said the iPhone cannot be restored to working order, therefore, no pictures, e-mails, texts or last known GPS information can be retrieved from Austin's cellphone.

Download app: iOS | Android

The iPhone was recovered, along with their boat, by the captain of the Edda Fjord while heading to Norway.

The captain notified the Coast Guard who sent the iPhone to the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. The iPhone was submerged in seawater for eight months.

The message was released by statement through Blu Stephanos  attorney, Michael Pike.

According to Pike, the iPhone is in several pieces, since testing required Apple employees to dissemble it in order to run the diagnostics.

Apple also cleaned components of the iPhone and performed a chemical workup.

 Although they were unable to restore the phone to a functional state, I want to thank Apple, Inc. for their hard work and generous assistance,  Stephanos said.  If the FBI turned to Apple when they needed help, I see no reason to doubt that every possible means was employed to get Austin s phone working again. It s our understanding that Apple had a team assigned to the iPhone around the clock, and for that we are truly grateful. 

+Video: Teens seen leaving Jupiter Inlet

Both families were hoping Apple would be able to retrieve important information from the iPhone to help piece together what happened to Tequesta teenagers Austin Stephanos and Perry Cohen.

Earlier this month, two lawsuits were filed surrounding the iPhone.

Stephanos said he is grateful to Apple for its hard work but disappointed.

 Needless to say, we were disappointed, having hoped to get some information or maybe just some final memories from Austin s phone. But the fact that it can no longer function as a phone doesn t diminish its value as a cherished memory of my beloved son. It s a small piece of him; something he used to call me at night with when he needed to talk to someone, something he put his stickers on and carried with him every day. As any parent would understand, to me, it s not a broken phone, but a memory of my son that I will hold close to my heart and treasure for the rest of my life. 

The teenagers were last seen July 24 leaving Jupiter Inlet.

 Thank you all for supporting us through this very difficult time,  Stephanos.  I hope now that we will be granted the courtesy to grieve in private. 

Pam Cohen, Perry s mother, issued the following statement Wednesday afternoon:

"We learned yesterday that Apple went as far as they could to try to get Austin's iPhone working, which, as Apple advised, was the first step in the process of retrieving information that might help us understand what happened to the boys. Apple also made it clear that getting the iPhone to power up was its only commitment to Blu Stephanos, which differs from what we heard from his attorney in court. For the generous efforts by Apple's engineers, who we understand worked tirelessly to try to help us, we are so very grateful.

"As I've said before, I owe it to Perry to exhaust every possible avenue in pursuit of finding out what happened to him. According to Apple, there are other experts in the field who may be able to pick up where Apple left off, to continue the work. Apple has offered to securely hand the iPhone off to an expert in this technology if the families can agree on such an expert. We look forward to working cooperatively with Austin's family toward this transition. We are not giving up on the iPhone's potential for evidence until all viable efforts have been exhausted." 
2016-05-27
Apple, Inc.'s Echo Rival: Coming This Year? Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) AI-powered hands-free speaker and voice assistant, Echo, is off to a great start. But soon, the e-commerce company will no longer have the space to itself. Not only did tech-giant Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently introduce its own version of an Echo, called Google Home, but now a growing number of rumors point to an Echo rival from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), too.

Here's what investors need to know about Apple's potential move into the space.

Going mainstream?

As it turns out, intelligent assistants in the form of a hub in the home may be going mainstream faster than you would have guessed. Amazon can testify firsthand to the unexpected demand for its AI-based assistant. "Echo, too, is off to an incredible start," Amazon said in its first-quarter report, "and we can't yet manage to keep it in stock despite all efforts."

Alphabet has already endorsed the space. The company announced its own version of Google Home at Google I/O earlier this month. "Google Home is a voice-activated product that brings the Google assistant to any room in your house," Google said in a press release.

The release continued: "It lets you enjoy entertainment, manage everyday tasks, and get answers from Google -- all using conversational speech. With a simple voice command, you can ask Google Home to play a song, set a timer for the oven, check your flight, or turn on your lights."

Sounds a lot like Amazon's Echo, doesn't it?

Now, if rumors are true, the intelligent-assistant hub space is about to get another huge endorsement from Apple.

The rumors

What are the rumors that have surfaced so far about Apple's Echo competitor?

The Information:

Apple was working on an intelligent-assistant hub before Amazon launched its Echo last year.

The device will be based on Siri, and include a speaker and microphone.

Apple is planning to open Siri to developers with a software development kit, or SDK.

A Siri-based SDK could be announced as early as Apple's 2016 WWDC event, which is scheduled for June 13.

VentureBeat:

Apple's Siri-based intelligent-assistant hub may not be an entirely new product, but rather an overhauled Apple TV. "They want Apple TV to be just the hub of everything," a "source familiar with the matter" told VentureBeat.

CNET:

Apple's new device could potentially be equipped with a camera and facial recognition capabilities, making it "self aware."

In the same report, however, CNET admitted that Apple could decide not to include the camera because of privacy concerns.

The product could launch by the end of this year, "but it's more likely to be available in 2017."

A Siri-based voice-assistant hub could not only strengthen the company's ecosystem of products, but it could also give customers another Apple product to upgrade to. Apple Watch Positives Remain Few And Far Between As a consultant what I'm asked to do is to discover the product development cycle, sample the product/s and offer my complete analysis based on my resources and experience. When I've reviewed and analyzed the product's potential, I disseminate a conclusive outlook. So in this very public manner, I'm going to offer the very same verbiage I offered only three years ago to Keurig Green Mountain (NASDAQ:GMCR):" Stop, just stop and move onto something else". I'm offering this to smartwatch manufacturers and especially to Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) with regards to its future iterations of the Apple Watch. And with that being offered I'll ask the following question to readers: "Have you ever heard of vaporware"?

Vaporware and Product Usefulness

In the computer industry, vaporware is a product, typically computer hardware or software that is announced to the general public, but is never actually manufactured nor officially cancelled. Use of the word has broadened to include products such as automobiles and appliances in recent years. Vaporware in practical terms has also been realized by many product introductions that have exhibited short life spans. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is largely accredited with coining the term vaporware and oddly enough its former Zune is a perfect example of a widely hyped, introduced and soon thereafter failed piece of vaporware. I believe in many ways that the smartwatch is another example of vaporware. It is widely hyped, found distribution and found with declining sales soon thereafter with necessary new iterations to offset YOY declining sales. But that game can only be played for so long.

Typically vaporware offers the extended purpose for a technology, another application if you will. Unfortunately, the further we stretch the application of said technology, the less useful it becomes for additional purposes. In many cases, the only way it can be anything but vaporware is through the cannibalization of the former technology application.

Many products come to market year after year after year after year. Some have longevity while others do not. 3D printers became the craze of 2012-2014 and before market saturation was found to be the dominant sales achievement for these products. Without greater distribution to be found, companies selling 3D printers found themselves relying on the usefulness of the products and general sell-through of the products at retail locations. Unfortunately, 3D printers have been found to be another form of vaporware that was interesting for a little while, but far less useful to the general public than the greatness of the idea assumed it to be.

The chart of 3D Systems Corp. (NYSE:DDD) is a perfect depiction of what happens post the distribution saturation of a largely useless product for the general public. 3D printers didn't really solve a problem for consumers. In short, it was a solution looking for a problem to lend itself greater utility than designed.

When I evaluate a product, I'm forced to first recognize form and function followed by utility and/or usefulness. Within those variables is an equation that will be able to discern an addressable market for a product and potential long-term sales. Smartwatches make for an interesting potential utilitarian product. Having said that, the product defies most every trend in place regarding accessories for now several decades alongside attempting to miniaturize the functionality of a smartphone. Engineers are wise to what happens when you attempt to miniaturize things.

Smartwatches: Epitome of Backward Technology

As smartwatches came to the market only a couple of years ago, they became distributed. I would like to say they became popular, but that simply isn't the case. While millions of units have been shipped, it is a far cry from how many cell phones are shipped and sold annually and even since the invention of the smartwatch. Heck, there are more coffee makers shipped annually than smartwatch shipments. There are a great many reasons for why the smartwatch isn't as popular as it aims to be, but mostly it comes down to form, function and cost. Cell phones, by and large, replaced the watch on our wrists, the pay phone and eventually other equipment such as GPS devices. It is for this reason, if not any other, that smartwatch technology is a form of vaporware, a solution looking for a problem where one does not necessarily exist. Most everything the smartphone already does, the smartwatch aims to do in a miniaturized form factor. While that may have been where some of the success for the cell phone came from, miniaturization and mobility, there are limitations, and consumers determine those limitations which are aligned with cost.

For every single smartwatch that has come to market, it has taken less than a year to witness sales declines that have only proliferated further post the product's anniversary. Apple Watch is only the latest in a string of smartwatches that anniversary with sales declines. Smartwatch screens are too small, have poor battery life and overall lesser functionality. It's the epitome of backwards technology implementation.

Apple's greatest return rate for any of its products comes from smartwatches and for mentioned and unmentioned reasons. Many people buy the device thinking it is cool, new and will perform as advertised. What many people fail to recognize is the functionality demands a behavioral change on the part of the user. Smaller screens and smaller touch points are found to be a significant reason for product returns while total functionality is found to be yet another reason for outsized returns.

Smartwatches have become the latest in a string of products that have been widely hyped in the media as the next great thing, but found wanting for greater adoption and sales. Virtual Reality [VR] products are in that same category of products widely hyped, but found wanting. Like smartwatches and even basic fitness tracker devices, VR products offer a solution looking for a problem to solve that likely doesn't exist. Again, this is backward technology implementation. Besides the complexity for engineering these otherwise miniaturized technology form factors aimed to deliver greater utility, they simply deliver nothing more than a novel experience that many users care not to repeat. As I wrote in a previous article, VR products are finding distribution and some early adoption, but not much else.

The actual sales forecasts that have been lowered and lowered yet again twice this year for VR products. Superdata has lowered its expectations for virtual reality revenues in 2016 for the second time in as many months. The market intelligence firm today revised its 2016 global VR hardware and software forecast down 22 percent from $3.6 billion to $2.9 billion. Its projection at the beginning of the year had been $5.1 billion. The revision came with the release of the firm's "Virtual Reality and the Next Killer App" report, which identified a number of reasons for the downgrade, among them recent production and fulfillment issues that have affected the Oculus Rift, the HTC Vive, and even the Samsung Gear VR. The report says about 13 million Americans intend to purchase a VR headset this year, but Superdata is only expecting shipments of 7.2 million.

Smartwatch Manufacturers Ignore Form Factor Trends

Smartwatches don't solve any problem the smartphone hasn't solved more efficiently and in an "ideal" form factor. People simply don't like to wear watches and that is the watch industry sales talking against the cell phone sales. The numbers haven't and to this day don't lie. Having said that, there is nothing positive about the Apple Watch other than Apple's ability to generate billions in revenues from the product as distribution partners have yet to understand the real value of the product. In other words, the distribution partners bought a branded Apple product more so than the Apple Watch. These distribution partners have a better idea of the Apple Watch potential a year after dismal sell-through results and markdowns, but even so, they will likely give Apple and its peers another shot with a new and improved smartwatch iteration.

Untethering the Apple Watch from its iPhone compatible "parent" technology is a step forward, but within that promotion of usefulness comes with it even more impediments to adoption. A built-in Bluetooth, WiFi, cell chip enabled device will deliver great stresses on the battery of the Apple Watch that have been exhibited already on the Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) Gear smartwatch. Smartwatches attempt to defy physics and engineering might. In doing so, smartwatches place themselves squarely in the crosshairs of where consumption for smart devices proliferates more broadly with smartphones.

Positives For Apple Watch Are Few In Total

Now let's talk about relevant data and sales for wearables as recently offered by Robert Lehar in "Positive Signs For Apple Watch." I never believed the Apple Watch had the ability or potential to disrupt the cell phone/smartphone industry. Secondly, I don't believe the product has any potential to become the next great thing for communication devices. The smartwatch is no MP3 player in that the MP3 player offered what no predecessor music technology system could do, place thousands of songs in your pocket at the touch of a button. The smartwatch does exactly what the smartphone does, but with lesser efficacy and in a proven to be less desired form factor. That is not a recipe for market disruption.

In the article "Positive Signs For Apple Watch," the author fashions reasons why the Apple Watch has a good opportunity. The first reason being that total wearables devices are expanding presently at a 67% clip according to IDC. The most important aspect of this data point, supported in the following chart, is that this data point is shipments of units and not actual sell-through to consumers. Sell through rate is far less than unit shipments and is just one of the reasons that the leader in wearables, Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), is watching its sales growth decelerate from 92% last year to roughly 38% in 2016. It's rather easy to gain distribution for a new product and with international supply and distribution lines being what they are today.

Mr. Lehar offers the following with respect to the data and the wearables trending sales:

Retail, and consumer interest shows the wearables market is on the right trajectory, with much potential to disrupt traditional watchmaking and expand the TAM for wrist-worn devices.

What Mr. Lehar isn't offering is that not all the shipments being offered by IDC sales tracking come from wrist-worn devices. At least   of wearables are worn elsewhere on the body or embedded into other form-factors like shoes, shirts and headgear. But don't worry, the sell-through is worse for devices not worn on the wrist and as such they aren't even discussed publicly to the extent they are for wrist-worn devices. Moreover, Mr. Lehar advances the topic of differentiating wearables into basic and smartwatch categories as defined in IDC reporting.

What is important for readers to better understand is that with respect to the IDC reported tracking results for Q1 is that they don't take into account Fitbit's smart watch named Blaze  and it shouldn't. It shouldn't because the product didn't launch until early Q2 2016. Having said that, Blaze has usurped sales of Apple Watch on amazon.com and more broadly in the mass-market sales channel. In Q2 thus far, and as reported by Fitbit during its Q1 2016 results dissemination, the company shipped roughly 1mm Blaze units. This would put Fitbit above Samsung in the Top Five Smartwatch Vendors as of that reporting period. In short and come IDC's Q2 reporting period, the firm will likely update its vendor list to show Fitbit as either number 1 or number 2 with regards to top smartwatch vendors. Furthermore, what the grand takeaway from these general sales statistics is that we are talking about less than 4mm smartwatch units shipped. Can you imagine how long it would take to supplant or even draw even with smartphone sales? Numbers don't lie and the rate of adoption for smartwatches is just not there to achieve a status of "the next great thing" by any smartwatch manufacturer.

When Apple launches the AW2 later this year, it will likely be an untethered smartwatch. Here is what to expect with this iteration:

Massive sales boost due to carrier inclusion from the likes of AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), China Mobile (NYSE:CHL) etc.

due to carrier inclusion from the likes of AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), China Mobile (NYSE:CHL) etc. Sheer distribution gains will be tremendous boost to units shipped as presently carriers can't adopt the product as it is tethered.

Analyst will praise the AW2 for its sales boost being a factor of untethering the device when the actual sales boost is the inclusion of greater distribution or sell-in.

A revisiting of past arguments from sentiment surrounding the Apple Watch.

AW2 will require a separate data plan and must be paired with an iPhone.

AW2 will require a connection fee of $35-45 and monthly data plan of $10-19.99, in conjunction with smartphone plan.

AW2 will have improved battery life, but not much. Almost 90% of watch body is the battery.

AW2 will not perform functions that a smartphone can't perform at a lesser cost.

It has been offered that Fitbit validates Apple's approach to smartwatches by Mr. Lehar. While this is often offered as a comparative and qualitative analysis for like products or product approach, it rarely defines validity in product development. Let's carefully analyze what Mr. Lehar offers in this respect of product validation.

Apple's approach to wearables is being increasingly validated by Fitbit. Earlier this year, the company released a fitness-oriented smartwatch, the Blaze, and since then, has frequently talked about innovation and opportunities to integrate their products "with the cars or homes or buildings or payments or [identity] authentication". This was recently followed by Fitbit acquiring wearable payment assets of Coin, a Silicon Valley consumer electronics and financial technology company. Note what Fitbit CEO James Park had to say about the purchase: "The inclusion of their payment technology into our offerings will further our strategy of making Fitbit products an indispensable part of people's lives." At this point, there cannot be any doubt that Fitbit is embracing and validating Apple's concept of wearables by making them smarter, more valuable, and more integrated into customers' lives. However, compared to Fitbit, Apple can already enjoy a large head start with its apps and mobile payments infrastructure. Furthermore, it has the benefit of a mass-market brand which is a better fit for a universal device like the smartwatch catering to various interests, activities, and needs.

The primary issue with this comparative and qualitative offering by Mr. Lehar is that the premise must assume Apple Watch is generating increased adoption and sales if it is in fact to be found the " right approach." Unfortunately, what we are forced to understand is that is not the case at all. With analytics, if the premise is wrong, the totality of the analysis is found in error. It is also important to understand that the total concept of Fitbit's smartwatch excludes the redundancy of smartphone applications, unlike that of the Apple Watch that has found sales deteriorating. In short, Fitbit's Blaze smartwatch is less of a smartwatch in function than in form factor. It really is a glorified fitness tracker with improved upon functionality. Lastly, the sheer dominance of fitness tracker sales to smartwatch sales exonerates any validity assigned to the notion that Apple and Apple Watch had/have the "right approach." Apple would have obviously been wiser to develop fitness tracker, stand-alone products.

While Fitbit is aiming to deliver greater functionality and utility for its fitness and smart fitness devices, it still remains to be seen if these improvements can boost sell-through year over year. The suggestion that with Fitbit acquiring Coin assets validates Apple Watch's approach to smartwatches won't be known without greater YOY results. Apple Watch with Apple Pay hasn't shown Apple's smartwatch to grow sell-through, and as such, the premise of Mr. Lehar's analysis hasn't been proven either. I would forecast that greater applications and functionality of these fitness and smartwatches will do little to nothing in aiding greater adoption and sales long term. Again, these additions don't solve problems or address a larger market, and in many cases decrease functionality while increasing failure and attrition rates. The only reason that anybody discusses Fitbit's attrition rate and not the attrition rate of smartwatches is because all that is available publicly is Fitbit's metrics in this regard.

Apple Watch Technology and Mobile Cardiac Telemetry

"But the Apple Watch can gain a bigger market with clinical applications." I agree that it could but that bigger market still can't move the needle for Apple and still will never be able to supplant the sales of the iPhone. The numbers don't lie! What most people refer to regarding Apple Watch or any wearable achieving clinical applications is that it must achieve at least FDA Class II medial grade status. This takes years to achieve, and I wouldn't put it past Apple to be effecting this product development. But in no way would such a smart device be consumer driven. In fact it would have to be prescribed by a physician.

The largest market available for medical applications is the market for cardiovascular disease. Diagnostic tests such as ECGs are used to detect, diagnose and track certain types of cardiovascular conditions. The US portion of the ECG market is expected to be worth $9.32 billion in 2020 and is comprised of three major segments: resting (non-stress) ECG systems, stress ECG systems, and event monitoring systems. The event-monitoring segment alone is expected to be worth $4.66bn in 2020, according to CardioNet (NASDAQ:BEAT), and is currently broken into the Holter, Event Loop, and mobile cardiac telemetry (MCT) monitoring categories.

What many would desire for Apple and its Apple Watch to be able to service is the MCT marketplace. MCTs are in need of advancing technology for remote patient care and the market is largely moving in that direction. The MCT diagnostic is a robust, continuous, remote monitoring solution for cardiac arrhythmia, and it often eliminates the need for expensive overnight monitoring in a hospital. However, the MCT devices currently available are based on outdated technologies, which often require a patient to wear a bulky device, and are not readily accessible.

In the U.S., MCT tests are primarily conducted through outsourced Independent Diagnostic Testing Facilities (IDTFs) that are reimbursed at an average rate of $850 per diagnostic test. There are currently five competitors within the U.S. MCT diagnostic market, which have effectively restricted MCT services to outsourced clinics and locked physicians out of the MCT market with no ability to receive financial reimbursement for MCT diagnostics.

Today, some MCT devices offer real-time tracking and feedback through the implementation of Bluetooth and cell connectivity, but most do not because of the necessary time to achieve efficacy results and to then be cleared by the FDA. The problems that prevented remote patient care and the greater use of MCTs in the past were related to billing codes and how the system reimbursed for these MCT devices. In the past, there was no billing code available for MCTs and physicians were forced to use an outsourced payment model that only benefited the medical device sellers and monitoring centers. Since the Affordable Care Act, however, billing codes for MCTs have been made available for use.

Maybe it would behoove Apple and the Apple Watch technology to move into clinical applications, but even so, the dollar value can't move the needle for AAPL. For Fitbit, it certainly could, but not Apple. Apple will be competing with already existing MCT technologies for that forecasted $4.6bn for event monitoring solutions through 2020. Even if Apple garnered a   of that dollar value, it doesn't do much for it if its iPhone, iPad and iMac sales continue to decline. For all that is consistently offered by the media for what the Apple Watch can, could or should do, you've likely never seen the relative dollar values assigned to the clinical applications. Most reporters don't dive that deep and care not to view the prospects in that manner as they don't consider the potential along the lines that the investor does or should.

In truth, most companies with these fitness trackers and wearable devices aimed at health and wellness don't want the FDA involved as it is largely absent regulating these products to date. While some apps, not devices but apps have been FDA approved, it is not likely that a wrist-born consumer device will achieve FDA medical grade clearance by Apple or Fitbit in the near future. And Apple doesn't really want to go down that road anyway; it is far too long a road for a smartwatch to travel. Here is what Tim Cook offered last year regarding this very subject matter:

We don't want to put the watch through the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) process. I wouldn't mind putting something adjacent to the watch through it, but not the watch, because it would hold us back from innovating too much, the cycles are too long. But you can begin to envision other things that might be adjacent to it-maybe an app, maybe something else," Tim Cook said in the interview for the Telegraph.

The Apple Watch, akin to 3D printers, VR and Keurig Kold is a good idea, but the practicality leaves much to be desired. The only thing that validates this statement are the sales trends in relation with what the Apple Watch is truly trying assumed to supplant in the smartphone. One can literally walk into a smartwatch retailer, ask any question they want pertaining to the device and never be found wanting for the answer, "But my smartphone can already do that." The Apple Watch is likely not the next great thing, and there are few positives to the device. What I believe most people assume is that the smartphone features and applications can be duplicated in the watch and function to the same degree as the smartphone. I would be of the opinion this is not a likely end game as has been evidenced by former technology convergence products. The smartphone is much bigger than the MP3 player, which was incorporated into the smartphone and as an example.

My investment thesis for AAPL's share is not favorable, and as such, I am avoiding shares of Apple unless they exhibit meaningfully lower share prices. With the company lowering FY16 guidance and metrics, I don't believe consumer spending trends will alleviate guidance and metric concerns. In kind, I believe shares of AAPL will trend lower over the next 90-day period. Why I would not short shares of AAPL is largely due to the company's superior balance sheet and flexibility. With that being said, there are likely better opportunities to invest elsewhere.

Disclosure: I am/we are long FIT.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-05-19
Apple, Inc. Should Make a Stationary Siri-Powered Speaker Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) sure did stumble on a sleeper hit with its Echo speaker. When the product was first introduced a couple years back, the initial reaction was fairly muted. Isn't Echo little more than a Bluetooth wireless speaker?

But the real reason why Amazon's virtual assistant Alexa became so powerful within Echo was specifically because the device was not a mobile device, which is somewhat counterintuitive at a time when mobile devices are all the rage. By choosing to make Echo a stationary device that's plugged in all the time, Amazon was able to change the consumer expectation. Echo would always be on, and Alexa would always be listening from a centralized location.

That was the key that surprised the market.

Alexa owns the home

Particularly in the context of smart home use cases, this is a huge advantage. Many other virtual assistants reside on smartphones (or tablets), and the user has to wonder where the device is, whether or not it's plugged in and charged, and if it's actively listening for input. It can be a big drain on the battery for the device to constantly be listening (more on this later). Sure, you want your smartphone to be able to control your smart home, but Echo showed just how useful a centralized and stationary device can be.

The e-commerce giant then ran with Echo's momentum, opening up Alexa as a bona fide platform last summer, releasing a software development kit (SDK) with application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party developers to use.

Alphabet jumps in

This week at its I/O developer conference, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google announced its official response to Echo: Google Home. The new device is precisely the competitor that will spur the market and drive more innovation through competition. It's a small voice-activated speaker that is stationary and plugged in, just like Echo.

Google is also revamping its virtual assistant. Google Assistant appears poised to replace Google Now, and the company says Google Assistant will be much more conversational. In no uncertain terms, Google CEO Sundar Pichai described it as an "ambient experience" that represents "computing evolving beyond phones."

The search giant has not yet confirmed pricing or specific availability.

Come on in, Apple -- the water's warm

As usual, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will stick to its philosophy that it doesn't need to be the first one to market -- it just needs to be the best in the market once it gets there. Ironically, Apple was the first to the virtual assistant market with Siri, but has arguably fallen behind despite its first-mover status.

In the latest iPhone iterations that include an embedded motion co-processor, the device is able to always listen for the "Hey, Siri" activation phrase even if it's not plugged in since the integrated M9 barely draws any power. Prior generations required the iPhone to be plugged in for "Hey, Siri" to work. This is precisely the mixed expectations that having a stationary solution solves. The average consumer is unlikely to remember if the motion co-processor in their smartphone is discrete or integrated.

Apple has probably tried very hard to forget the last stationary speaker that it made -- the iPod Hi-Fi that was released a decade ago. But with the recent demonstrable demand for voice-powered stationary speakers with virtual assistants, it seems like a no-brainer that Apple should introduce a similar product.

Doing so would also go a long way with nurturing Apple's own smart home platform, HomeKit, as Apple also continues improving Siri, too. 5 Reasons Why I'm Not Buying Apple Right Now I'm going to get right to the heart of the subject matter as to why investors should avoid buying Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares. There will be no "prioritization" of reasons to avoid buying shares of AAPL. While I believe Apple to be one of the strongest companies with regards to innovation, execution and products that have become ubiquitous in the world, I also believe the company has run up against a brick wall on all fronts.

Reason #1: Selling Pressure

The magnificent amount of selling pressure on AAPL has offset most any impact from buyers of shares. This selling pressure began prior to the release of Q2 2016 results. Upon the delivery of missing Q2 2016 expectations and lowered full-year guidance, that selling pressure exacerbated. Ultimately, sellers outweighed buyers over the last couple of weeks and found shares of AAPL briefly dipping below $90 a share. Some very well-known and widely respected investors and fund managers had been selling relatively large positions in shares of AAPL, including Carl Icahn and David Tepper. With such heavy selling pressure on shares of AAPL, due to much lowered FY16 guidance that anticipates declines in earnings and revenues, I believe shares will moderate lower over the next 90-180 days at least.

Reason #2: Flagship Product in Decline

As it pertains to Apple's hardware and product line-up, most every segment has found itself with declining sales as of Q2 2016 results and on a YOY basis. Furthermore, the company's flagship iPhone product has now exhibited its first ever sales decline. And it's not just that the iPhone units shipped and unit sales are declining, it is that the category as a whole is on the decline. Maybe this decline will be short-lived, but maybe not!

With the iPhone drawing the most significant sales and profits for Apple and sales for iPhones expected to decline YOY, I don't believe iPhone 7 can offer Apple and investors anything meaningful when it launches later this year. Sales for the iPhone may continue to decline beyond the iPhone 7, based on what might be Apple and its peers closing in on market saturation for smart phones. As such, I believe it is optimal to avoid buying AAPL shares. Here are some recent notes from Carolina Milanesi of Kanter Worldpanel ComTech to consider:

The user base isn't going to grow all that much for the foreseeable future.Smartphone ownership has reached peak levels in key markets worldwide, Carolina Milanesi, chief of research at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, said in a report back inlate February. In North America, 65 percent of consumers own a smartphone. In Europe, that number jumps to 74 percent. In China, the figure rests at 72 percent. This translates to markets with fewer and fewer first-time buyers. In order for Apple to grow iPhone sales again, they need to not only advance the product into new regions and offer a less expensive handset, but they also need to grab market share from the competition at least.

That last line from Carolina Milanesi is a critical or crucial claim regarding future growth for iPhone sales. Essentially, it doesn't matter how much improvement is put into the new iPhone 7 or the future iPhone 8. What she is outlining is that iterations will not prove to grow units shipped but rather lower prices, which likely mean lower gross profit and grabbing market share. For all the discussion centered on the iPhone 7 that is expected to only have slight improvements anyway, the discussion may prove to be a moot point as Apple needs a new pricing strategy, new regional distribution and added market share.

Reason #3: Lag in Innovation Cycle

Apple has received a great deal of praise for its ability to introduce innovative products over the last 10 years. The reality is that the company has been a great "follow on" producer of already introduced products and/or concepts. Apple didn't introduce the MP3 player, smartphone or tablet. But Apple certainly built better devices with more aesthetically appealing design and application features. What ultimately set Apple apart from its peers was the ability to converge technologies into singular platforms to produce a ubiquitous product like the iPhone.

The advancement of technology goes through boom cycles that then bring about a malaise in such advancement. The 80s brought about the computer, but it wasn't until the late 90s that the internet came into play. From that point came the cellular phone and in the turn of the century the smartphone. Beyond the smartphone though seems to lay a period of malaise that is developing and for which may take several years to bring about that next great technology.

The Apple Watch is not likely the form factor for the next ubiquitous technology if not for the form factor alone. In developing smartwatches, from Apple or its peers, it seems as if hardware manufactures ignored what has dispatched with the watch industry, the cell phone. By and large, people prefer to carry a cell phone than to wear a watch and the numbers speak for themselves. What these hardware manufacturers attempted to do was to say, "No, you don't want to get your data that way going forward and we don't need to implement new technologies or applications into the smartphone". Based on sell-through results from these products as tracked by NPD Group and other firms, the greatest sales of smartwatches has come from the manufacturers selling them into retail locations, but the retailers are finding it difficult to sell through to the consumer.

The results for most smartwatch manufacturers have been poor and worsening. Apple's poor results with the Apple Watch have been offered by various analysts and publications. The Apple Watch being the biggest contributor to Apple's sales in the "Other" category exhibited a 50% sequential decline in the latest quarterly results, even as the product had tens of thousands of expansionary retail doors to participate with. But these results should have been expected, given Apple's decision to lower the price of the Apple Watch amongst other reasons.

Beyond the Apple Watch, which will exhibit future iterations, even an iteration that will be untethered to the iPhone, it remains to be seen if Apple can innovate the next great "iThing". For now, the world might find itself in a period of innovation malaise.

Reason #4: VR Again?

As a lead-in to the next reason I would not be buying shares of AAPL I would like to offer an analyst note.

Oppenheimer's Uerkwitz, cutting his rating to "Perform" from "Outperform," writing that "we believe that weaker performance seen in this quarter is likely to recur until 2017's iPhone launch." Investors are going to question the long-term investment prospects, he believes: As smartphones become a utility, we believe consumers need more than incremental improvements to upgrade. We expect Apple to make bold changes to support mobile VR. Fast growing VR content and its promise as a brand new user interface are too enticing for Apple to ignore. Recent acquisitions could position Apple to leapfrog its competition. Questioning Our Faith in Apple: We recognize the low valuation, the strong cash flow, the iron-clad balance sheet, and the recurring revenue opportunity from its active installed base. We like Apple as a company, but less so as an investment. We believe investors will question if the "best times have passed" or if "Apple can innovate no more.

As it was mentioned in the quoted analyst notes above, Apple may add some applications centered on mobile VR. It's been at least 30 years since I've been hearing that "VR is coming, VR is coming!" VR glasses were actually dreamed up, of course, by a science fiction writer, Stanley G. Weinbaum, who wrote a tale in 1934 about a headset that made the wearer feel that he was in a different world. Well VR is here and isn't amounting to much based on early sales and limitations on manufacturing and supply capabilities. Pricing for VR has also been an impediment for consumer adoption.

What VR likely offers is much akin to what 3D televisions offered to consumers in the past. As with Oculus Rift, techies became enthused about the immersion of 3D televisions as if we were all bound for a three-dimensional future. But then within a year or two the popularity for 3D televisions peaked and demand dropped precipitously. 3D television was not a new idea when it finally appeared in stores for consumers to purchase; it just finally had a big marketing push with more effective technology. With that more effective technology came a big price tag for what was better understood by consumers to be a novel experience and nothing more. 3D television didn't solve a consumer problem or evoke a game-changing need with regards to our television viewing experience. VR likely will never exhibit such needs either, but it is a cool experience once in a while that we choose to enjoy at theme parks and with a greater audience. The audience is something VR fails to achieve in terms of sensation.

But don't let my bearish sentiment dominate this narrative as to why VR has been slow to come and wanting for greater sales; let's read some bullish commentary from a recent article authored by Alpha Max titled " Apple Is Making iPhone 7 The Next Killer Device." The author touts Apple's new iPhone 7 as bringing Apple into the era of VR.

I expect that the upcoming iPhone 7 will be VR-ready driven by third-party hardware, which can drive significant demand for the product from outside. The basis of my expectation is investment firm Piper Jaffray's recent VR conference in which 13 VR hardware companies participated, as reported by Apple Insider. One of the participants, named IonVR, said that the company could launch a VR HMD particularly for the iPhone 7. IonVR believes that iPhone 7 will offer proper VR experience to users "with the help of third-party hardware." IonVR has already developed such a device, which is available for preorder for $229. It has a proprietary optics technology called MotionSync, which can significantly reduce VR-associated motion sickness. My Take on VR-Ready iPhone 7 VR has already gone mainstream. Therefore it's quite natural that iPhone users will want to use their iPhone 7 for watching VR content. With a host of iPhone-compatible VR HMDs coming to the market, I believe iPhone 7's demand will rise remarkably and iPhone 7 shipments will exceed all expectations. According to Juniper Research, over 3 million VR devices will ship this year and the number could reach 30 million by 2020. Since iPhone 7 will be VR-ready, its adoption will rise meaningfully driven by fresh demand from industrial customers from several fields, including manufacturing, medicine and real estate. To learn more about the growth potential of VR in various industries, I'd recommend reading this article published in TechCrunch.

Pretty bullish stuff on Apple and its coming VR applicability, no? Unfortunately, this is the furthest from the real depiction of the issues that continually surround VR and consumer adoption. Additionally, in no way, shape or form has VR become mainstream. There's a big wow factor in trying out VR headsets, or reading reviews by people who have done so. But they have done so in trial situations, where people are demonstrating the equipment. This doesn't mean that the average person wants that experience several hours of VR a day every day of the week. We need to find a way to go beyond the wow in order to make VR a part of our daily lives. In short, VR does nothing that the average consumer desires to use it for on a reoccurring basis. Additionally, VR for all its immersion capabilities, forces us to put devices on our head. I would think Apple understands this is not what most people want to do as evidenced in the massively declining sales for Beats By Dr. Dre headsets that forced the company to move into around-the-ear and in-the-ear headphones as opposed to on-the-head headphones.

But then there are the actual sales forecasts that have been lowered and lowered yet again twice this year for VR products.

Superdata has lowered its expectations for virtual reality revenues in 2016 for the second time in as many months. The market intelligence firm today revised its 2016 global VR hardware and software forecast down 22 percent from $3.6 billion to $2.9 billion. Its projection at the beginning of the year had been $5.1 billion. The revision came with the release of the firm's "Virtual Reality and the Next Killer App" report, which identified a number of reasons for the downgrade, among them recent production and fulfillment issues that have affected the Oculus Rift, the HTC Vive, and even the Samsung Gear VR. The report says about 13 million Americans intend to purchase a VR headset this year, but Superdata is only expecting shipments of 7.2 million.

This year, the first-ever Vision Summit was organized by Unity, which unveiled a tool that allows VR designers to create and manipulate virtual worlds while wearing headsets. Unity CEO John Riccitiello cautioned the 1,400 attendees at the Hollywood & Highland Center that 2016 will not be the year that VR sees mainstream adoption and that the technology has been "overhyped" by the media.

It seems like every single decade since the movie "Back To The Future," VR has made an attempt at coming to the market in a big, mainstream way. At best VR has developed a small gamer usage community, but splitting that community amongst 3-5 large players doesn't help large corporations' results like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) or Apple. I'm afraid that once again, even with large corporations developing this hardware and software enabled device, the end result will be the same  another disappointment for VR. This is just another reason I don't believe buying AAPL shares at present levels is optimal for investors. Don't get me wrong, VR makes for great headlines and it always has, but the application of VR has never amounted to anything of significance. In total, it is difficult to surmise the next great hardware or software device coming from this current innovation cycle from Apple and I don't see anything in the VR world as developing such a compelling product.

Reason #5: Retail Woes Bring Fewer Orders

I've said it previously, "Apple is a hardware-centric company." Apple has clearly hit a peak in its business cycle, which is centered on selling hardware devices to consumers and new consumers are hard to come by. For this reason that is supported by Apple's 2016 lowered guidance, I think it better to look toward other investment vehicles that may not be so heavily levered to the consumer market. The consumer is very fickle and found wanting for greater spending  always. With consumer spending being what it has been over the last couple of years, discretionary spending has been hard-pressed for growth. Take a look at the following consumer spending trends related to retail sales.

Apple, like any other hardware company needs consumer spending to grow, or at the very least show proliferating purchase intent toward its products. If consumption doesn't grow Apple needs to find new regional growth as noted earlier. With retail sales all over the map YTD and trending toward the low-end of the growth scale over the last couple of years, Apple and its peers have shown a similar trend in sales growth that may ultimately lead to further sales declines. I'm not sure if many have looked closely at the retail sales trends that led up to the 2009 crash and compared them with where we are in the retail sales cycle. Looking at the chart above, retail sales look ominously bearish mid-term without a significant change to consumption habits. Retail sales could impact Apple's sales and profitability even further.

Let's face it, the issue is not just Apple-centric, but also exhibited by Apple's distribution partners like the retailers that have posted dismal Q1 results and lowered guidance. Target (NYSE:TGT) is the latest to disappoint with its quarterly results and lowered Q2 2016 guidance. In short, the retailers may look to lighten their orders to Apple under the assumption that inventory levels need to be more closely monitored in order to lower cost of goods, logistics and other operating expenses for the balance of the year. All of this could impact Apple and shareholders through 2016 without a significant increase in overall consumption that has been tepid year-to-date. In short, shares of AAPL may not move all that much and find themselves range bound or as some call it "dead money."

The recent rally in AAPL might find itself some legs and shares of AAPL may soon touch $95 or $96 a share. As such, this might be the best opportunity to lighten ownership if so inclined.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why Apple Maps Is Super Important This is to house 4,000 new employees who will work on improving Apple Maps.

It is easy to explain why Tim Cook wants to recruit 4,000 employees in India to work on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Maps. Apple is elevating Maps as one of its top priorities. This huge need for more manpower is impressive. Apple Maps might finally become as good as Google Maps.

Diminishing the access points where Alphabet can monetize from iOS device owners is always favorable to Apple's long-term strategy. Cook likely wants to eradicate Google Maps inside iPhones/iPads. This is only possible through implementation of more advanced features for Apple Maps.

Apple revealed last December that usage of its Maps app among iPhone and iPad users is already 3x greater than that of Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Maps. However, I suspect that is only through the robust sales of iPhones and iPads is likely why there was a big surge in usage rate of the pre-installed Apple Maps.

Yes, fixing the bugs and adding traffic congestion assistance, and public transport information made Apple Maps more useful too. Making Apple Maps even more useful is very important to the company's long-term growth. Aside from advertising purposes, it is also vital to its secret Apple Car project. A top-notch real-time road navigation app is essential toward making a competent smart car.

The Importance of Apple Maps

Making Apple Maps the sole go-to tool for iOS device owners might help Apple roll out a local-centric advertising business. The Maps Connect feature with its Indoor Positioning offer for small business owners is a strong hint that Apple has future (ad-fueled) monetization plans for its Maps product.

Maps Connect is one step toward making a similar product like local search ads for Google Maps mobile. Apple has no mobile search engine for now. However, with $233 billion in cash, it can easily buy DuckDuckGo or other competitors of Google. The usually-affluent iPhone crowd is a much-coveted audience for targeted location-based advertising.

(Source: Apple)

I do not know anything about cars but I'm a retiree of the advertising industry. This is the reason why I keep on badgering for Apple to improve its ads-related revenue stream. Alphabet has a much higher valuation (P/E and P/S) than Apple simply because selling ad spaces is still better than directly-selling consumer hardware.

(Source: Yahoo Finance)

Selling ad spaces is a less-stressful B2B (Business-to-Business) effort. Selling iPhones is basically dealing with capricious ordinary consumers.

Apple Maps Still Needs Improvements

The quest to elevate Apple Maps to become a monopoly on iOS devices is not going to be easy. Maps by Google is still the most downloaded navigation app among iPhone and iPad users worldwide. SensorTower's data revealed that Maps by Google received 5 million downloads last month from iOS device users. Google obviously still has the superior mapping app.

Going forward, I expect the new 4,000 Hyderabad employees to help elevate Apple Maps to the level of Google Maps. As of now, Apple Maps' avoid-traffic-congestion assistance is still inferior to the Waze-powered guidance available in Google Maps.

Apple bought several mapping-related companies since 2009. However, Apple missed a big opportunity when it let Google buy Waze. Waze is still the undisputed king of crowd-sourced real-time traffic assistance. Waze is helping Google Maps keep its leadership position.

Apple Maps also has no in-depth, global-wide Street View. It will take years for Apple to catch up with Google's Street View advantage. Apple Maps also lacks offline mode. India and other countries outside America need offline navigation because of the unreliable 3G/4G connections.

Conclusion

Apple made the right decision opening an Apple Maps development center in Hyderabad. India has cheap but very competent labor force. Putting up an office there that gives 4,000 jobs to locals is also a nice way to gain political favors.

Like it is doing in China, doing business in India will always require getting in the good graces of local and national politicians.

India is the next growth catalyst for iPhone and iPad sales. It's the fastest growing market for smartphones and yet Apple only has 2% market share there. While China's phone market is slowing down, India is the next logical country that deserves top priority from Apple. India's economic growth is also outpacing that of China's. Pretty soon many residents of India will be able to afford $500-$1000 iPhones.

I have no position in Apple but I rate it as a Buy. Apple still keeps true to its proven strategy... hiring cheap labor for Apple Maps is just the same as hiring cheap Chinese workers to build high-margin iPhones.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-05-03
Look How Cheap Apple, Inc. Is Again There's a good chance that we're looking at a buying opportunity right now with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and don't realize it. Coming off the Mac maker's relatively disappointing earnings release, shares are now trading near 52-week lows. Despite some softness in the last report, analysts are still mostly bullish even as broader investor sentiment around Apple remains in the dumps.

Surely you've heard that Warren Buffett quote about when to be greedy. With the rest of the market fearing peak iPhone sales and a China slowdown, now is probably that time.

Enterprise value is more useful now

In recent years, following the implementation of its aggressive share repurchase program, Apple's capital structure has shifted significantly toward debt (the company now has nearly $72 billion total in long-term debt). This is actually a good thing, since Apple can easily afford the interest (which is completely paid for by its other investments) and the net effect is a meaningful reduction in Apple's weighted average cost of capital.

But this also means that valuation metrics such as enterprise value become more useful, since enterprise value factors in cash and debt. Enterprise value is a company's market cap plus the market value of its debt less cash. Despite plunging copious amounts of debt-funded cash flow into share repurchases, Apple's net cash position continues to rise ($161 billion as of last quarter).

If you look at each component of enterprise value, Apple continues to push its market cap down through repurchases, debt increases as it issues more bonds, but the company still generates so much operating cash flow that net cash continues to rise. Each of these directional factors mean that Apple has a remarkably low enterprise value relative to its earnings power. EV/EBITDA is now at a bargain 6.65.

The last time that Apple was this cheap was at the depth of its 2012-2013 pullback, which proved to be one of the most compelling investing opportunities that Apple shares have presented in years.

Now, like then, it seems as if Apple can do no right. iPhone unit sales seem to be peaking as the smartphone market has plateaued; China is facing some tough comparisons after soaring last year; this whole Apple Car idea seems kind of silly when you think about it; no one knows how Apple Watch is really doing.

Apple is beyond cheap

But we're talking about a company that has generated over $55 billion in free cash flow in the past year alone. Despite its best efforts to return capital to shareholders, Apple's net cash continues marching higher. On a per-share basis, Apple now has over $29 per share in net cash (even after factoring in the aforementioned $72 billion in long-term debt). Right now, Apple is trading at about 10 times trailing earnings, but if you back out that massive cash position, then its P/E ex-cash is really closer to about 6.9.

Really makes you wonder why Apple is cooling off a little with its share repurchase program. 2 Beaten Down Apple Inc. Suppliers to Buy in May Technology stocks have a reputation for being volatile, no doubt due to the incredibly dynamic nature of the technology industry in general. However, the same fundamental rules that apply to non-technology stocks applies to technology stocks: buying and holding high-quality businesses for the long-term is often a great way to build wealth.

In this column, I'd like to talk about two beaten down tech stocks -- suppliers to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), in fact -- that have solid long-term prospects and that tech investors should consider buying: Synaptics (NASDAQ:SYNA), and Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS).

Synaptics' woes seem temporary

Synaptics develops what are called "human interface solutions" -- in other words, the technologies implemented in modern computers to allow people to interact with them. Examples include touch controllers for smartphones/tablets, PC touchpad controllers, pressure sensors technology for mobile devices (aka 3D Touch), display driver chips, and more.

The stock recently tumbled from north of $85 per share to under $70 per share as a result of a significant revenue miss in its recent quarter and very ugly forward guidance ($300-$340 million against consensus estimates of $478.6 million).

The miss, according to CEO Rick Bergman, is attributable to a "precipitous drop in order levels within the smartphone market, specifically around our display driver customer." In addition to weakness in premium smartphones, PC-related revenue also came under pressure as a result of the continued weakness in the PC market overall.

Bergman also noted that the company is taking a "cautious approach" to setting its guidance for the fourth fiscal quarter "in anticipation that the level of product currently in the supply chain will be sufficient to meet the reduced demand for our display driver products from high-end smartphone OEMs."

Although the picture looks pretty grim in the near-term, there's a solid chance that things could rebound in the second half of the calendar year. Apple's upcoming iPhone 7-series launch could help, particularly on the display driver side of things, and management has indicated that it has secured many wins for its finger-print sensors as well as its ClearForce technology (Apple 3D Touch clone).

In my view, Synaptics is a company that executes very well on technology but is currently facing a slump due to factors largely outside its control. If those factors subside, I expect Synaptics' financials, and ultimately its stock, to sharply rebound.

As a result, Synaptics could be a very interesting buy here for the patient tech investor.

Skyworks: revenue growth even if iPhone units don't

Skyworks is a well-known supplier of Radio Frequency, or RF, chips into the smartphone market, as well as into other applications.

The very interesting thing about being an RF chip player is that each year, the complexity of the RF technology required in smartphones goes up.

"Among our top customers, we see complexity and increasing performance requirements driving content expansion across the board," said Skyworks CEO David Aldrich on a recent conference call with analysts.

"For example, our overall content on Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) flagship Galaxy S7 platform is up 20% versus prior models," Aldrich added. He also pointed to a 40% increase in content within Huawei's "new flagship smartphone platforms."

The upshot of this continued surge in RF content inside of smartphones is that even in an environment in which units aren't growing, Skyworks can still see total revenue growth. There's little doubt that this increase in content/complexity is helping to fuel the company's gross profit margin growth, which Aldrich said came in at up 410 basis points (i.e. 4.1%) year-over-year.

As of a recent check, Skyworks trades at $67.12 per share, down substantially from its 52-week high of $112.88. On a Generally Accepted Accounting Principles basis, Skyworks delivered $4.91 per share in earnings, and I believe over the long-term this can continue to grow.

I think at current levels, Skyworks shares look compelling and could be a very interesting way to play a potential recovery in the smartphone market (especially iPhone), particularly since it can grow revenue fairly independently of industry unit growth through content growth. Tim Cook Believes Apple Still Has Growth Opportunities Jim Cramer spoke on CNBC's "Mad Money" with Tim Cook, the CEO of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), about the future of the company.

Cook said Apple had an incredible quarter by absolute standards, with more than $50 billion in revenues and $10 billion in profits, but it wasn't up to the Wall Street expectations. He added that the most important thing for the company is that the customers love its products.

Some analysts believe Apple is now so big that it can't grow any more and that its best days are behind it, but Cook disagrees. He sees more room for growth in the smartphone market, especially in the emerging markets like India. The company has innovations that will motivate people who already own iPhone to upgrade to new devices. The goal of Apple is to offer people products that will make them wonder how did they live without them.

Services segment is the second-largest revenue segment of the company. Cook said it's the fast-growing and there are already over 1 billion devices in use.

Related Link: Tim Cook On Apple: It's My "Error" I Haven't Stressed Chinese Middle Class Growth More

The China Syndrome

Cook spoke also about China. He's excited by a huge rate of switchers as a number of people switching from Android to iPhone grew 40 percent. The economy in China isn't as strong as it was a year ago, and its currency is weakening. However, on a two-year basis, Apple grew 70 percent in China, which is a good result.

The smartphone industry is growing in China and there is a movement between different suppliers. Cook thinks Apple is doing quite well in the areas it plays. He's thrilled by the last month results in the iPhone SE launch in China. Books and movies are currently off line, but the company is working with various government agencies to make that product available, explained Cook.

The middle class in China is booming. Cook said in five years, it's going to grow to 500 million people from a current number of 50 million people. He added the long-term thesis on China is still intact and he is still optimistic as he has ever been.

What About India?

Cook believes India is a huge opportunity because it's going to be the most populous country in the world in 2022 and has 50 percent of its population at 25 years of age or younger. He added that LTE is going to roll out in India this year and the smartphone market is just at 40 percent of its potential.

Posted-In: CNBC Long Ideas Jim Cramer Emerging Markets Top Stories Markets Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-05-08
Converting Apple Options Into A 4.25% Certificate Of Deposit Certificates of deposit are not an attractive type of investment for a Millennial investor such as myself. I have time on my side, and the risk-reward ratio of keeping my investment capital in high quality equities is low. Certificates of deposit used to be popular with retirees on fixed income when they were yielding 4+% many years ago, but the Federal Reserve's ZIRP has all but eliminated the once-coveted CD as a viable investment vehicle. What is a retiree looking for a "safe" 4+% yield to do?

Well, they need to think different(ly).

Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), once one of the market's most coveted darlings that could do no wrong, has had a tough year. Recently, the stock has been hammered on the news of decreasing smartphone demand due to increasing upgrade cycle terms. This has caused the market to turn bearish on Apple, and as a result, the company has severely underperformed the S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY).

This temporary bearishness has created an opportunity for investors that have a long view, driving yields up and P/E ratios down to an unprecedented level. Currently, Apple is valued as follows:

P/E Ratio: 10.3x

P/S Ratio: 2.3x

Dividend Yield: 2.46%

Forward P/E: 9.7x

This negative market sentiment has also unlocked unprecedented opportunity for retirees among us by causing shockwaves in Apple's options chains.

The Death Of The Certificate of Deposit

A certificate of deposit [CD] is a savings certificate that entitles the bearer to receive a predetermined rate of interest at the predetermined maturity date. Typically issued by commercial banks, certificates of deposit are insured by the FDIC and generally considered a "risk free" investment. CDs are typically offered at terms of as little as one month to five years.

Historically, CDs have been a fantastic investment vehicle for seniors, delivering a nearly risk-free 5-7% yield on their cash. Certificates of deposit, paired with typical pension incomes and Social Security benefits, provided the retirees of this country a very comfortable lifestyle for much of our recent history. This is the American Dream we have all heard of at work. The Fed's ZIRP has eroded that security to the point of obsolescence.

The past 5 years has painted a terrifying picture for those living on fixed income. Certificates of deposit, once a nearly "perfect" investment vehicle for retirees, have been all but destroyed. With average yields well below 1%, investing in CDs today is akin to financial suicide. A CD bearer is all but guaranteed to severely underperform inflation while simultaneously offered no liquidity, locking their cash away for months or years at a time for virtually no return. Holding cash long-term is a smarter investment because at least you are given liquidity with cash.

As a result, many seniors have been unwillingly forced into the market to chase yield by investing in historically less volatile dividend stocks. While the past 7-year bull market has rewarded these investors, a looming correction - or worse, recession - will decimate their portfolio value. While this is often not a problem for those with the ability and foresight to hold or even accumulate shares during a downturn, retirees among us depending on dividend income and drawing down their portfolios with small but regular equity sales could be hurt by ensuing dividend cuts and heavy losses in market value. Even worse, those less experienced among us that will "panic sell" at market bottom will be crushed.

Selling Cash-Secured Puts

Selling cash-secured put options can be a backdoor way into converting equity into a CD-like investment. While this type of move is certainly NOT risk-free like a certificate of deposit, it can be fairly low-risk - certainly lower risk than investing directly into equities at market price.

What I am most interested in is the June 16, 2017 put options chain for Apple, Inc. Because Apple stock has been hammered so much as of late, long-term puts have seen significant premium gains.

The $70 put for Apple, Inc. is currently trading with a premium of about $3.30. That means for a single $7,000 contact, the seller of this option is given an up-front premium of $330, or an immediate 4.7% return. Annualized, that return is 4.25%.

Why is this significant?

For those among us who are growth-oriented, a 4.25% annualized return may seem like peanuts. However, this may be interesting to the more risk averse "fixed income" investors among us because the $70 strike price is a whopping 24.5% below Apple's current market value. Apple, Inc. has already fallen over 30% from its 52-week high of $132.97/share. As a result, Apple's downside is somewhat limited and the chances of the stock falling another 24.5% within the next 405 calendar days is low. The chances of this contract being "put" upon the seller is unlikely.

As a result, selling this put is almost like taking out a certificate of deposit. What a hypothetical investor will be doing is effectively committing to lock away $7,000 into their brokerage account and not touch it for the next 405 calendar days for a guaranteed 4.25% annualized return in the form of a premium (less brokerage commissions), a rate historically competitive with certificates of deposit, and nearly 20 times higher than the current average national rate for 12-month CDs <$100,000.00.

This trade comes with a significant bonus: with a certificate of deposit the investor must wait until maturity to collect the interest income, but when a Put option is sold, the income is collected up-front. This income can be used to lower your cost basis of the trade itself, or it can be withdrawn and used immediately as the investor sees fit.

The Risks

This is not a risk-free trade, and there is certainly a possibility that the contract will be "put" upon the investor. The worst-case scenario is as follows:

100 shares of Apple, Inc. stock will be put upon the contract seller at a price of $7,000 (commissions have been omitted for simplicity). This will happen regardless of what Apple's stock price falls to. It could fall to $69.99/share or $9.99/share, but the contract owner must buy it at $70.00/share. This is the inherent risk of selling puts, and this should only be done by investors who will be happy owning Apple stock at $70/share regardless of market conditions, and have the cash available to hold in their brokerage account for the entire duration of the contract without touching it to cover a potential contract enforcement.

Final Thoughts

If the put contract is exercised, based on current earnings data, the contract holder will own 100 shares of Apple, Inc. stock at:

P/E Ratio (based on current ttm earnings): 7.8x

Dividend Yield (based on current $2.28 annual dividend): 3.25%

In the event the stock is put upon the contract holder, assuming no changes to Apple's earnings and dividend, they will own Apple stock at an obscenely low 7.8x P/E with a yield of 3.25%. If Apple increases earnings and raises their dividend YoY - which is likely at a payout ratio of only 25.33% - valuations only get better for the new equity holder.

In my opinion, this is still an outstanding outcome, and I would personally be thrilled if this "worst case scenario" occurred in my personal portfolio. The 3.25% yield is still nearly 15 times higher than the average current 12-month CD rate, and investing in Apple today at $70/share, again in my opinion, would be such an obscene value play I would beg to keep it in my long-term portfolio while collecting a dividend that fat. 
2016-05-24
Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Chip Winners Revealed According to a report from DigiTimes, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) chip suppliers are planning to start mass production of chips bound for the next-generation iPhone flagships in June. The report says that these suppliers are "generally less production on their unit production for the devices by the end of the year."

In particular, DigiTimes claims that Apple is planning to build around 75 million of these new iPhone by the end of 2016, a figure that the publication claims is lower than the iPhone 6/6 Plus builds in 2014.

In addition to putting out build estimates, the report seems to have a list of some of the suppliers that will provide chips for the upcoming iPhone, which DigiTimes attributes to "sources from chip makers in the iPhone supply chain." Let's take a closer look.

Modem? Intel and Qualcomm

It has been rumored for quite some time that Apple would split the modem orders for the next-generation iPhone between longtime modem supplier Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), which has been working hard to build viable modem solutions for the mobile market.

According to the DigiTimes report, Intel and Qualcomm will indeed be splitting the modem orders. This is a significant win for Intel, as this would arguably represent the highest volume smartphone win that it has gotten since it acquired the Infineon Wireless assets. This would also be a blow to Qualcomm, which has long counted on having the entirety of the iPhone to itself.

Usual suspects elsewhere

The report claims that Apple will tap Dialog Semiconductor for power management chips, NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI) for NFC chips and Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) for "wireless solutions" (presumably this is in reference to Wi-Fi and related chips, as well as RF filters).

These chipmakers winning spots inside the latest iPhones shouldn't come as a surprise to investors as they were in prior-generation iPhones.

Tapping Taiwan for A10 production

It has been widely reported for quite some time that Apple would shift away from the dual sourcing strategy that it employed for the A9 applications process to a single source for the A10 -- TSMC (NYSE:TSM).

DigiTimes' report serves as yet another confirmation of this, claiming that the A10 would indeed be manufactured solely by TSMC on its 16-nanometer FinFET process (not 10-nanometer as some websites have claimed, despite the fact that TSMC won't even begin mass production on 10-nanometer until sometime in 2017).

Winning 100% share for the iPhone 7, after having around 30%-40% share for the A9 in the last product cycle, should provide a nice boost in Apple-related business year over year for the chipmaker even if iPhone unit sales don't grow much (or even contract a bit).

Other likely winners

In addition to the chipmakers listed here, there are several others that are likely to be in the next iPhone. Struggling motion processor vendor InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) has indicated that North America is its largest geography and that it will "likely be a key contributor" in the coming fiscal year. This suggests that Apple will use InvenSense in the upcoming iPhone.

A recent report from Nomura Securities (via Barron's) claimed that Apple's longtime image sensor vendor Sony (NYSE:SNE) "may not be able to deliver its full share of dual cameras to Apple" as a result of manufacturing yield challenges as well as the recent damage to its manufacturing plant as a result of an earthquake in Japan.

LG Innotek, then, is expected to pick up the slack and potentially benefit from Sony's struggles. APPLE INC. (NASDAQ:AAPL) STOCK RISES ON iPhone GROWTH PROSPECTS 

APPLE INC. (NASDAQ:AAPL) STOCK RISES ON iPhone GROWTH PROSPECTS





Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock rises off of its lows, trading up 1.23% today to $97.61 as of this writing. Not too long ago the stock hit its 52 Week Low of $89.47 and the bearish calls looked for yet a further drop.But everything has changed in a short period of time as Apple's stock rises on renewed iPhone growth prospects. Before we get in to the details, let's go through a quick recap of where we are, then the real news.Thomson First Call brokerage firms covering Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) forecast earnings growth of -10.20% per share this year with a turnaround to positive growth prospects of 10.40% for next year. This compares to the industry average of -10.00% and 12.60%, respectively.In the last 30 days there have been 3 revisions upward for earnings per share out of a total of 39 analysts.Focusing on company EPS and net income may assist with future stock evaluation. The 39 Wall Street analysts polled by Thomson Reuters have set a current consensus recommendation of 1.80 on the stock. On a scale from one to five, a five rating signals a strong sell recommendation while an one rating indicates a strong buy recommendation.On a consensus basis, Wall Street analysts' price targets call for the stock moving to $125.93 within the next year, which would be about 30% higher from the current level. Whatever the news has been recently, Wall Street sees growth for the firm's stock price.Here is a two-year stock price chart with the 50 day Simple Moving Average in the red line and the 200 day Simple Moving Average in the blue line.Apple Inc. shares are currently 26.46% below the 52 week high and 9.03% above the 52 week low.The 10 day Simple Moving Average is $93.50, while the longer term 200 day Simple Moving Average is $107.10. The company has a two bull technical rating out of five because it's trading above its short term 10 day Simple Moving Average but below its 50 day and 200 day Simple Moving Averages. The fact that the stock is up 1.27% today is the only thing keeping it from having the lowest technical rating possible.In terms of financials, we can look at several key indicators. The company has a Return on Assets of 16.67%, which is a key factor in determining the effectiveness of management's use of assets to generate earnings. The company currently has a Return on Equity of 38.84%. Total cash on hand is over $215 billion but Apple also carries nearly $80 billion in short term and long term debt.Here is a chart of revenue for the history of the company.Revenue in the last year is up to $227.535 billion, up 7.2% year over year, but down quarter over quarter. Just two years ago, revenue was $176.035 billion. The lack of revenue growth has been the focus of the bears on Apple's business execution.At the time of writing, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock year-to-date performance is currently -7.11%. The three month stock performance comes in at 0.3%. In terms of the last year, shares are performing at -27.2%. A semi-annual performance analysis shows the stock at -18.9%.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) focuses on five business segments, the most critical of which is the iPhone although Apple Services is now the second largest revenue generator for the firm and is the greatest portion of growth prospects moving forward for the stock.Apple's growth prospects come from its investment in the future. Here is the chart.Apple has increased its research and development expense to focus on future growth prospects and it is those investments that have acted as support for the stock price. But here is the real news.Apple's iPhone suppliers noted yesterday that Apple has put in an order for suppliers to produce nearly 80 million iPhone units this year, many more than the 65 million units Wall Street has projected. That production target is also the highest in about two years.The news pushed the stock higher yesterday by nearly 2% and reiterated Apple's claim that there was pent up iPhone 7 demand. That news, combined with the fact that the iPhone SE still shows two to three week waiting periods due to demand is the news finally causing Apple's stock rise. For now, it is all about iPhone growth prospects and those look promising for Apple.It's the flavor of the month to doubt Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). We would caution that doubt with at least a bit of perspective. 
2016-05-04
Apple Inc. May Fall Behind MediaTek, Qualcomm Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has earned quite a lot of praise for its chip-design prowess. Since its acquisition of P.A. Semiconductor in 2008, it arguably has transformed into the leading designer of mobile-targeted applications processors.

During the past two product generations (iPhone 6, iPhone 6s), Apple has led the transition to new chip-manufacturing technologies. Apple's A8 and A8X processors were the first applications processors built on TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) 20-nanometer manufacturing technology. The Apple A9 was the first applications processor available on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology.

It would seem, however, that Apple will not lead the charge into the next chip-manufacturing technology: 10-nanometers.

MediaTek may be the first to TSMC 10-nanometer

TSMC has said publicly that it expects to begin to see "sizable" revenue from its 10-nanometer technology "starting from 2Q 2017 through 2018." This suggests that TSMC will begin to recognize wafer revenue by the end of the second quarter (June), implying that wafer production should begin roughly three months before then.

According to analyst Pan Jiutang (via GSMArena), MediaTek's 2017 flagship Helio X30 will use a 10-nanometer manufacturing technology. Given that the Helio X20/25 launched in Q1 2016/Q2 2016, it wouldn't be unreasonable to expect the X30 to arrive in Q1/Q2 of 2017.

It is also expected that Qualcomm's(NASDAQ:QCOM) upcoming Snapdragon 830 will be built on a 10-nanometer process. (Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is believed to build this chip, though.) The Snapdragon 830 is expected to arrive in early 2017.

The implications for Apple

There are two critical ingredients that define the quality of a chip: the manufacturing technology that it's built on, and the underlying architecture. Think of the manufacturing technology as the canvas, while the architecture is the actual painting. All else being equal, a better canvas should mean a better painting, but a lousy artist with a great canvas isn't going to produce something as good as a great artist with a mediocre canvas.

Apple's architectures are generally superb, so the 16-nanometer FinFET+ A10 chip that will debut this year in the iPhone 7-series phones may be able to keep up in terms of performance with the 10-nanometer Qualcomm and MediaTek chips. However, Apple will be tying one hand behind its back, so to speak, because the 10-nanometer technology should allow MediaTek and Qualcomm to pack in more functionality, and deliver better performance than they otherwise would have been able to on 14-nanometer/16-nanometer FinFET+.

With Qualcomm and MediaTek supplying 10-nanometer chips to most of Apple's premium smartphone competitors, Apple risks falling behind in chip power efficiency, and potentially, performance -- depending on the architectural choices from its competitors.

It may not be a big deal, but why should Apple risk it?

Some might argue that Apple being approximately four-to-five months behind in transitioning to a new chip technology isn't going to be a big deal for most people. However, I would argue that a non-trivial portion of those who purchase premium smartphones care about these sorts of things.

Additionally, if Apple loses the chip-performance crown midway through the iPhone 7 cycle, the reputation for chip-technology leadership that Apple has built during the last three years -- i.e. first to 64-bit, first to 20-nanometer, first to TSMC 16FF+ -- could be damaged.

Given all the other areas that Apple seems to be behind in these days (display technology, camera quality, etc.), and given how desperately Apple needs to make sure its iPhone business returns to growth, chip leadership is something that the company should strive to maintain. Apple, Inc. Is On to Something With Its New Metric Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced a new, non-GAAP metric recently. Given the company's historical dependence on mostly GAAP metrics, it has taken some slack in the media for adopting the measure. But the fact is that it's a very useful metric, and it gives investors excellent insight into an important aspect of the Mac maker's business.

An undervalued segment gets a key metric

Not only is Apple's user base loyal to the company's portfolio of devices, but their spending on content on these devices has grown over the years. Indeed, these revenue sources have become so important to Apple that in its most recent quarter, the company's "Services" segment, which includes revenue from Internet services like Apple Music, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services, became the company's second-largest segment when measured by revenue for the first time.

In Q2 alone, Apple's services segment revenue was about $6 billion, or 11.8% of total revenue during the quarter. Even more, its services segment revenue was up 20% compared to the year-ago quarter, while revenue in iPhone, iPad, and Mac segments was down 18%, 19%, and 9%, respectively.

As services becomes increasingly important to Apple's results, the tech giant is now providing investors a more accurate picture how this segment is growing, thus Apple's new non-GAAP metric measuring "purchase value of services" tied to Apple's installed base of active devices.

This new metric looks at the gross value of content and services Apple users are purchasing. The metric adjusts for all content and services to be reported on a gross basis instead of some being reported on a net basis and others on a gross basis. Put simply, it essentially levels the playing field for the way all installed-base-related purchases are accounted for.

Or, in more specific terms, here's exactly how and why Apple adjusts "App Store and certain digital content" installed-base-related purchases to reflect unrecognized services and content purchases, straight from Apple's financial statement:

Apple accounts for such purchases on a net basis by recognizing in Services revenue only the commission it retains from each purchase. This non-GAAP adjustment reflects the portion of the gross amounts billed to customers that Apple remits to third-party app developers and certain digital content owners. Apple considers non-GAAP installed base related purchases to be a useful metric for investors and management as it provides a more complete picture of the transactions generated by the installed base.

For years, analysts have tried to articulate the hidden value in Apple's services segment by emphasizing that the company's fast-growing app store revenue, in particular, is not counted for on a gross basis while other items included in the segment are, thus understating the total segment's growth. But now, with this new metric, investors can accurately assess the progress Apple is making with growing this important segment.

More potential than you think

Apple CEO Tim Cook put the new metric, and its importance to the company, into context during its most recent quarterly conference call (via a Seeking Alpha transcript):

As we discussed on this call in January, those 1 billion-plus active devices are a source of recurring revenue that is growing independent of the unit shipments we report every three months. In fact, the purchase value of services tied to our installed base was a record $9.9 billion in the March quarter, up 27% over last year, accelerating from the 24% growth rate we reported in the December quarter.

The key thing to highlight in this remark from Cook is that the Q2 year-over-year growth rate in purchase value tied to Apple's installed base actually accelerated compared to Q1.

Investors should continue to keep an eye on this metric. It highlights a key source of potential future growth for the Apple. And, significantly, growth coming from the purchase value of services tied to Apple's installed base will be both more reliable and predictable than its unit sales of new products, making revenue from the segment critical to the tech giant. Teen's Apple Computer Collection Is Mac-nificent Now Alex is on the verge of sharing his home exhibition with the world. The Carnegie Library at the Good-Will Hinckley school in Fairfield, Maine, has donated space to Alex and his father. The two have started a nonprofit called the Maine Technology Museum and are raising funds to restore the space.

"We are opening the museum as a way to share our passion for technology and innovation," Alex said.

If all goes well, he plans to open the free museum late this year or early 2017.

Consider us there, Alex. 
2016-05-07
Why Apple Inc. Will Need to Launch an iPhone in March 2017 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) did something a bit unusual this year: It launched a mid-cycle iPhone product called the iPhone SE. This device was not intended to be a flagship replacement/refresh, but instead, an attempt to increase its competitiveness in the $400 to $500 price range -- an area in which the iDevice maker has not been particularly competitive over the years.

What's particularly interesting about the launch of the iPhone SE in March 2016 is that it almost certainly guarantees that the iDevice maker will be forced to launch some sort of new iPhone in March of 2017. Here's why.

It's all about the year-over-year comparisons

At the end of the day, one thing that investors really pay attention to is year-over-year growth. In the fiscal third quarter of this year, Apple should enjoy a nice "boost" from sales of the iPhone SE. Those sales aren't expected to fully offset the weakness that Apple will likely see from the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, but every little bit should help.

With this in mind, it's worth noting that -- barring a massive success for iPhone 7 -- Apple will face tough year-over-year comparisons in both Q3 of fiscal 2017 and Q4 of fiscal 2017 if it doesn't release a new iPhone in March of 2017. This leads me to believe that Apple will ultimately end up releasing new iPhones in March of 2017.

What could Apple launch then?

An obvious product for the iDevice maker to launch would be a second-generation iPhone SE. Such a product could incorporate faster internals, 3D Touch, a higher quality 4-inch display, and an improved camera. Apple could even try to build on the industrial design, potentially making it thinner, or increasing the screen-to-body ratio by opting for a slightly larger display, and narrowing the bezels on the device.

Such a device would immediately solve the year-over-year comparison "problem" that the iPhone SE introduced.

One more thing...

As many have pointed out, June 29, 2017 marks the 10-year anniversary of the launch of the first iPhone. There has been some speculation that Apple could launch a new iPhone on June 29, 2017 (a Thursday) as a sort of "10-year anniversary" edition, so to speak.

Given the rumors that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus don't include radical changes from the iPhone 6s/6s Plus (at least in terms of form factor), it could make sense for the iDevice maker to "pull in" the launch of its next-generation products. Doing so would allow Apple to deploy a "game changing" new iPhone sooner -- i.e. with curved OLED display, big industrial design change -- to limit iPhone 7's time in the marketplace. Then, from that point on, Apple could return to a one-year iPhone release cadence (but starting in June).

This would mess with the year-over-year comparisons that Apple would see in individual quarters -- fiscal Q4 would become the peak quarter rather than fiscal Q1 -- but investors/analysts should be able to adjust their models to this new seasonality without much trouble. 
2016-05-31
Apple Inc. Plans to Fix This Major iPhone Problem It's well known that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhones come with just 16 gigabytes of storage for the base configurations. Although this has caused much chagrin among some consumers and smartphone reviewers alike, there is a very sensible business reason for this: upsell.

Indeed, Apple currently offers three storage tiers for its current-generation iPhones: 16 gigabytes, 64 gigabytes, and 128 gigabytes. For many users, the move from 16 gigabytes of storage to 64 gigabytes of storage can significantly improve the user experience, so they have traditionally been willing to cough up the extra money.

The iconic status of the iPhone, and the general smartphone boom, has allowed Apple to get away with this pricing scheme. However, it looks as though the harsh reality of weaker-than-expected iPhone 6s/6s Plus sales is forcing Apple to pull some additional levers in order to try to boost demand for the coming iPhone series.

32 gigabyte base model

According to a leak from Mobipicker (via Phone Arena), Apple's next-generation iPhones will be offered with 32 gigabytes of storage for the base models. Unlike 16 gigabytes, which can be pretty uncomfortable these days, 32 gigabytes of storage are likely to prove quite adequate for a good portion of potential iPhone customers.

I can see this as Apple's way of trying to court users of older phones with 16 gigabytes of storage; if all of the new technologies included in the phone aren't enough to justify an upgrade, perhaps the idea of additional storage in a state-of-the-art iPhone at a typical base price might be enough?

How does Apple drive upsell, though?

Including 32 gigabytes of storage in the base model is certainly going to weaken the case for some to move to higher tiers of storage. In fact, if Apple offers the 32 gigabyte models at the traditional entry-level prices and tries to sell 64 gigabyte models for $100 more, the relative value in moving up a tier from base actually looks worse than it has in previous years.

What I expect Apple will do in an attempt to drive upsell will be to, in fact, increase the amount of storage that it offers at each pricing tier. Instead of selling 16/64/128 gigabyte models, the new lineup could pack 32/128/256 gigabytes of storage.

Such a product segmentation plan would actually increase the amount of (perceived) value that the customer gets in paying the $100 extra, since that customer is now getting an additional 96 gigabytes of storage space for the money instead of just 48 gigabytes. This would also apply to the very highest tier as well, with the customer now getting 128 gigabytes of additional storage for $100 more rather than just 64 gigabytes more.

Customers win, Apple potentially catalyzes sales

Obviously, this move has the potential to impact Apple's blended gross profit margins on iPhone. The bill of materials across the board will go up as a result of the added flash memory, and Apple risks shipping a weaker mix of products as customers that may have previously felt forced to go with the 64 gigabyte models may now be content with the base 32 gigabyte models.

Nevertheless, even if per-unit device margins go down, such a move has the potential to drive higher overall unit volumes. Apple ultimately needs to maximize total gross profit dollars during the product cycle, and this is a function of both unit volumes and per-device margins.

Apple has no choice but to start accelerating the amount of value it delivers to its customers, and eliminating the nagging "16 gigabytes of base storage" problem is certainly a good place to start. 
2016-05-17
Warren Buffett Is Right: Apple, Inc. Stock Is Undervalued On Monday, new SEC filings revealed billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B) (NYSE:BRK-A) had invested just over $1 billion into Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) by the end of Q1. Berkshire's investment is notable, as Buffett's stock-picking skills are indisputably superior to any investor in history. But is the investment merited?

As it turns out, Buffett seems to be on to something with Apple stock. Trading at these levels, it looks like a downright bargain.

Apple stock: trading at a 37% discount?

When Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys a stock, you can bet either Buffett or his two investing lieutenants, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, are convinced the stock is undervalued. Unlike billionaire investor Carl Icahn, who actually recently just sold Apple stock, Buffett is known for holding stocks he buys for decades.

"Our favorite holding period is forever," Buffett has said.

So, is Apple stock undervalued? A quick glance at the company's fundamentals relative to its stock price suggests it is.

To illustrate the value in Apple stock, consider what Apple is worth using a simple discounted cash flow valuation based on very conservative assumptions. Predicting Apple's annual free cash flows will grow at an average annual rate of just 3% (about in line with the historical rate of inflation) into perpetuity, the present value of the tech giant's future cash flows is $148 per share when using a discount rate of 10% to account for risk, opportunity cost, and the time value of money.

With the stock trading at about $94 at the time of this writing, this would suggest shares are trading at about a significant 37% discount to fair value, giving Buffett the sort of "margin of safety" he enjoys.

Still not convinced?

A discounted cash flow valuation, of course, is only as good as the underlying assumptions. And while these assumptions are arguably very conservative in light of Apple's long history of consistently growing intrinsic value for shareholders, this valuation method may rely on too many forward-looking assumptions for investors to be comfortable with it.

Fortunately, however, Apple stock looks relatively cheap from almost any angle. Consider how the company compares to two other megacap tech companies struggling with growth, as well as to the S&P 500, on price-to-earnings metrics.

Valuation Metric Apple Intel IBM S&P 500 Price-to-earnings 10.4 13.0 11.3 24.0 Forward price-to-earnings* 9.5 11.3 10.5 17.6

Then, of course, there's Apple's massive cash hoard, which amounts to an impressive 46% per share.

And one final point on valuation: Keep in mind that Apple's conservative valuation is all arguably based on a few quarters of struggling growth, representing a very shortsighted view. Apple's inability to post EPS growth, and management's guidance for more year-over-year declines in the current quarter, have investors worried that things could continue downhill from here. Zoom out just two years, however, and you'll see a different story: revenue and EPS are both up significantly from where they were two years ago. Taking this exercise further, zoom out five years and the tech giant's current struggle with EPS growth looks like a small and acceptable blip following some enormous growth.

So, is Apple's business really in decline? Or is this just the natural volatility a company with a concentrated product portfolio can run into following a huge, record year?

No matter how you slice it, Apple certainly does look tasty. No wonder Buffett's Berkshire is buying. Intel Corp. Reportedly Wins Up to 50% of Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Modems According to a note in DigiTimes, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will provide as much as 50% of the modems that will go into this fall's iPhone. The note cites "industry sources."

Given that the design of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 is very likely locked down and we are just months away from full volume production, I'm inclined to assume that this report is legitimate.

Apple gets a second source

The first bit of good news here -- assuming that this report is true -- is for Apple. For years, Apple has relied on wireless giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) as a sole source for cellular modems. Putting this much power in the hands of a single supplier, especially one that stands to benefit from Apple's competitors gaining share on Apple, isn't an ideal scenario.

With Intel now in the mix, Apple now has two viable suppliers vying for spots inside future iPhones. This should mean lower overall component costs for the iDevice maker and, once Intel gets CDMA capability integrated into its modems (required for a number of major networks, particularly in North America), Apple may be able to see a further decline in component prices as Qualcomm loses leverage.

Intel mobile gets a lifeline

Intel has long struggled to gain a foothold in the market for mobile chips. Although it doesn't win an applications processor spot here, selling stand-alone modems in very high quantities to Apple would clearly be a win.

I suspect that Intel is cutting Apple a very nice deal on these modems, so the gross profit margins on them will probably be well below corporate average for the chipmaker. That said, given that Intel's mobile group operated at negative gross profit margins for quite a while (and it's not clear if those margins are even positive yet), this win could serve to drive significant margin expansion within Intel's mobile group.

Qualcomm loses business

Previous reports had pegged Intel's potential share of the iPhone 7 baseband win would be around 30% to 40%. If DigiTimes' number is correct, then Intel may have actually increased its potential allocation since the last wave of news/analyst reports came in.

This is a clear negative for Qualcomm. Although it generates a lot of revenue from the sale of integrated applications processors and modems to many of Apple's competitors, Qualcomm could previously count on having 100% of the Apple business.

It would seem, however, that this is no longer the case. If Intel can execute in building competitive modems each year, then Apple may very well choose to dual-source cellular modems for future iPhones for the foreseeable future.

In this case, Qualcomm sees a significant reduction in modem sales and a non-trivial reduction in revenue.

The silver lining for Qualcomm, though, is that Intel seems to be out of the mobile applications processor game. Intel didn't have much share in mobile applications processors, but the effective exit by a competitor should nonetheless be welcome. Unfortunately for Qualcomm, though, it still has to contend with the increasingly competitive MediaTek. Square Inc. Loves Apple Pay Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) mobile payment solution could be great for Square (NYSE:SQ).

The fast-growing payment processor believes the ongoing shift to NFC-based mobile payments, led by Apple Pay and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android Pay, will provide a boost for the company. Apple Pay and Android Pay aren't new, but they remain in their infancy, presenting Square with an opportunity.

Giving new meaning to the Square logo

Square launched its mobile payment solution in the fourth quarter last year. The $49 reader accepts both NFC-based mobile payments and credit cards equipped with EMV chips. Demand has been strong; Square has sold nearly 500,000 of them to date. Square's hardware revenue rose 634% last quarter on an annual basis and 154% sequentially as its merchant partners upgraded their equipment.

Merchants that can't accept EMV cards can now be held liable for fraudulent charges, creating an obvious demand for EMV readers among Square's network of sellers. But CEO Jack Dorsey is more excited about the prospects of NFC adoption, viewing it as an opportunity to associate the Square brand with a new method of payment. He reiterated this notion repeatedly on the company's earnings call back in February and then again earlier this month.

We want to be able to associate our logo with the ability to pay with your phone...we think there's a huge potential for us to really win the behavior...we believe the opportunity for us is first and foremost, to associate our logo with the new behavior...we think there is [an] opportunity now...[around] actually paying with your phone...the biggest opportunity for us, is we get to associate [NFC payments] with the logo. If you see a white square, you know you can pay with your phone, and you just don't have that predictability with any... other hardware. We think there's a great opportunity associated with Square Logo with the fastest way to pay with your phone...Where we think the opportunity is is anytime people see a Square logo on the countertop or in someone's hand, they know they can pay with their phone and their mobile device...I do believe we have an opportunity to associate our logo with paying with your phone and we're starting to realize that.

Square CFO Sara Friar echoed Dorsey's comments during the company's May earnings call:

It's a core strategy and push for us in 2016 is how do we make sure that the Square logo is what everyone sees and then knows that that's what they can use to pay with their phone.

NFC payments remain a small niche

Mobile payments aren't new. Google launched Google Wallet in 2011, bringing NFC payments to certain Android phones. Apple followed in 2014 with Apple Pay, and then Google expanded and rebranded its mobile payment solution last year with the introduction of Android Pay. Yet adoption has been slow.

All mobile payments, including Apple Pay and Android Pay, account for less than 1% of US card transactions. To some extent, that's driven by hardware -- many retailers lack the appliances necessary to accept NFC payments. By associating itself with NFC, Square could become the go-to payment provider for merchants looking to give their customers the ability to pay with their phone.

Last month, at the Coachella music festival, Square was the sole provider of point-of-sale solutions: All Coachella merchants used Square's latest reader to accept payments. Of those customers who chose to pay with a card, about 10% used a mobile payment service. Obviously, that still represents a small minority, but it's about 10 times the national average, suggesting that Square's hardware could meaningfully improve mobile payment adoption, further strengthening the link between the Square brand and mobile payments.

Building a bigger ecosystem

Mobile payments are remarkably secure, convenient, and fast -- much faster than EMV card payments, which are often faulted for their sluggishness. "NFC [is]... super, super fast. One of the complaints that we have heard around chip cards is they're a little bit slow," said Dorsey on the company's February earnings call. By speeding up the payment process, Square can increase the satisfaction of its merchant partners and perhaps improve their business.

Ultimately, Square's goal is to expand its ecosystem of sellers, generating more payment volume and growing the potential base of customers for services like Square Capital and Caviar. Square doesn't need NFC payments to succeed, but it presents an opportunity for the company to expand its customer base. Dorsey underlined the opportunity on the company's earnings call earlier this month: Goldman Sachs: 3 Reasons Apple Is Struggling In China Goldman Sachs, in a note released Tuesday, outlines what it believes is the cause behind Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s downfall in China.

Tourism from China to Hong Kong is down 15 percent in Q1. iPhone sales in Hong Kong are highly correlated with Chinese tourism to the city.

Marketshare was given up to third parties suggested by a low upgrade rate.

A decline in units added at high end carrier China Mobile versus lower end carries China Unicorn and China Telecom. Goldman Sach notes this doesn't suggest the iPhone is losing out in the high end of the market.

Related Link: Apple's iPhone 7 Cycle Is Looking Very Familiar

Goldman Sachs views the $1 billion investment in Didi (Uber of China) as a positive and is looking forward to iTunes Movies and iBooks becoming available again, among the iPhone 7 release. The firm as a $136 price target based on 12.5 times expected 2017 EPS.

CEO Tim Cook took a trip to China this week. visited one of Apple's largest stores in Beijing and was accompanied with Didi Chuxing President Jean Lui (also known as Liu Qing).

While at the Apple Store, he met senior executives from some of China's top app developers, including the country's largest daily deal service site called Meituan and MeituPic, a picture-editing app.

Shares of Apple gained 3.7 percent Monday to $93.88. It was ticking up about 1 percent in Tuesday's pre-market session.

The stock opened 2016 trading above the $115 level.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: China Goldman Sachs iPhone 7Analyst Color Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-05-05
Apple Inc, SAP SE to partner on developing iPhone and iPad apps for businesses Apple Inc. and SAP SE are joining up to deliver software for iPhones and iPads, opening a new avenue for Apple to reach businesses at a time when sales of its mobile devices have tapered.

SAP will develop apps specifically designed for Apple s iOS operating system for doctors and industrial field technicians. The two companies will release a software development kit by the end of the year to let SAP customers and consultants write native apps for Apple devices that take advantage of features such as location and touch sign-in. The deal has the potential to attract millions of software developers and sell millions of devices, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook and SAP CEO Bill McDermott said in an interview.

 I think back to 2008 when we opened the App Store for consumers,  Cook said.  This is sort of the equivalent of that for the enterprise space. Enterprise has not really taken advantage of all the great things that happen with mobility. 

Related

The agreement, which the two CEOs sealed last October, would give Apple access to tens of thousands of companies that run SAP s business software and some 2.5 million developers who access its programs, which manage operations including accounting, manufacturing, sales and human resources.

Apple two years ago teamed with International Business Machines Corp. to create dozens of iOS apps for industries including energy, health care and air travel. Last year, the Cupertino, California-based company inked an agreement with Cisco Systems Inc. that makes it easier for white-collar workers to take calls and videoconferences from iPads and iPhones. In September, Apple introduced the iPad Pro, a tablet for business users with a bigger screen and a stylus.

New markets

Getting access to customers of big IT suppliers including SAP, IBM and Cisco could help Apple at a time when its era of blockbuster growth has come to an end, as the consumer market becomes saturated. Apple s fiscal second-quarter sales fell 13 per cent as it sold 10 million fewer iPhones and iPad sales continued to slide. Cook has said the smartphone market isn t growing, and Apple shares have lost more than a quarter of their value in the past year.

 This is all about transforming the way people work,  Cook said. SAP s platform and the new development kit  really unleashes millions of people writing apps for iOS   we think we can do that in a major way. 

The agreement also illustrates a shift in how businesses roll out software. Protracted projects have yielded to shorter ones that make new functions available more quickly to workers. That means SAP is succumbing to the same forces that have stung software sales at Oracle Corp. and IBM. The German company s software license sales fell 13 per cent in its most recent quarter and McDermott said it s taking longer to sign deals.

McDermott said he can see millions of device sales happening as a result of the agreement, which will serve as a counterweight to rival Salesforce.com Inc. s programming tools.

 Better idea 

 Where they were getting traction was Force.com and that became a billion-dollar business for them,  he said of his competitor.  That s a great strategy until someone else comes along with a better idea. 

McDermott has long advocated Apple devices as a showcase for SAP s software   he once got a phone call from Steve Jobs after ordering 4,000 iPads for SAP s sales staff in 2010 before the tablet s introduction.

SAP s new wave of i-applications will be written in Apple s Swift language, promising faster response times and better access to underlying iOS technologies as the apps connect to SAP systems in companies  data centres. The software development kit for outside programmers will also let them build native iOS apps in Swift that talk to SAP s S/4 Hana software suite and pull information from its Hana database.

Bloomberg News Apple Inc.'s $250 Billion Love Note to Investors Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to have returned $250 billion to shareholders by the end of March 2018, which should be good news not just for investors getting a piece but also for the company's stock price. The company announced along with earnings on April 26 that the board has authorized an increase of $50 to its capital return program, bringing it to $250 billion.



In this clip from the Industry Focus: Tech podcast, Dylan Lewis and Nathan Hamilton talk about Apple's capital return programs -- where they were a year ago and how they have expanded since then. They also examine why shareholders are generally pleased as punch about them, and one area where the company might stand to improve them.

A transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on April 29, 2016.

Dylan Lewis: One of the other big things he wanted to focus in on was the capital return program. At the time, it was a $130 billion program. It has now since ballooned to $250 billion, which is kind of crazy. Most recently, they announced, the board authorized an additional $35 billion in share repurchases, so that total is $175, the remainder, of course, going in the way of dividend payments. You are an Apple shareholder.



Nathan Hamilton: I am.



Lewis: I'm also an Apple shareholder. I love seeing these types of programs, what about you?



Hamilton: I do, it's pretty much expected at this point, because when you're generating as much cash as Apple is, even with gross margin pressures, even when the ASP is coming down, it's still a very good business to own. And, also, we'll address this as well: what the perceptions or thinking should be for Apple in the future as an investor. But it's definitely a positive.

I would like a little more dividend, because right now, it's just above a 2% yield. But when you add in the fact that it's trading below 10 times earnings, for a company like Apple, at this very moment -- when I checked 10 minutes before this podcast -- it's definitely something to consider. But, altogether, they have to increase that capital return program over time. I believe it extends through 2018. I'm sure in 6, 9, 12 months from now, we'll see a further extension of it. But sometimes I prefer dividends over buybacks.



Lewis: Yeah. But either way, more good of the same for investors.



Hamilton: Absolutely. No, Intel Corp. Didn't Kill Mobile Chips Because of Apple Inc. An author who goes by the handle "Motek Moyen" on Seeking Alpha recently published an article in which he offers a take on why Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) cancelled its SoFIA family and Broxton mobile applications processors.

"Instead of wasting eight-figures on contra revenue for SoFIA/Broxton [system-on-chip designs], Intel could use the money to improve its stand-alone modem products," Motek Moyen writes. He also goes on to argue that "keeping Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) happy will let Intel earn $600-$900 million annual sales supply modems for the iPhone."

Here's why this line of reasoning doesn't pass muster.

Some background

The majority of smartphones today use a single-chip applications processor and cellular baseband solution. The integration of these two key components allows for smartphone vendors to save on costs and board space and generally enables improved power efficiency as well.

The only major smartphone vendor that doesn't use such an integrated solution is Apple, since it doesn't (yet?) have its own in-house cellular modem that it can integrate into its applications processors. This is why it currently uses stand-alone modems from Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and is rumored to source stand-alone modems from both Qualcomm and Intel for the upcoming iPhone 7 series.

It's important to point out that the work that goes into developing a stand-alone modem can, and should, be quite "reusable" in a combined modem/applications processor chip. In fact, a company like Intel should be able to take the core modem technology that it develops, integrate it with a competent applications processor, and dramatically expand its total addressable market.

Expanding the total addressable market and increasing revenue dramatically should lead to something of a virtuous cycle; successful products drive revenue, which in turn increase a company's ability to invest more while keeping a particular business unit profitable.

Unfortunately, Intel was unable to execute to actually producing such products in a timely fashion, which is why I believe the product pipeline was flushed -- nothing to do with "refocusing" on Apple.

The contra-revenue argument doesn't make sense

When Intel introduced the idea of "contra-revenue" (i.e., payments to system vendors for each Intel mobile processor shipped), it was not intended to be a long-term play. It was supposed to be a short-term tactic to allow Intel to quickly gain a presence in the tablet market using suboptimal products.

Then, when Intel rolled out newer products with appropriate cost structures, it would be able to maintain/grow its shipment volumes without the need for contra-revenue. This should have allowed Intel to go from shipping products that were gross margin negative to gross margin positive.

In fact, the Broxton stand-alone applications processor and the SoFIA line of integrated applications processor and modem chips were intended to have such good cost structures (both chip level and platform bill-of-materials level) that contra-revenue would be entirely unnecessary.

So, Motek Moyen's implication that Intel would have needed to "waste eight figures" on contra-revenue payments for Broxton/SoFIA products (had they actually been viable in the marketplace) is not correct.

Apple is Intel's last chance in cellular

At the end of the day, I view any potential deal with Apple as essentially Intel's only large potential revenue source for cellular modem technology at this point. With the rest of the smartphone market demanding integrated applications processor and modem chips, and with the non-smartphone/tablet cellular opportunities fairly limited, Apple is basically it.

If Intel isn't able to retain the Apple contract that it has reportedly won for the iPhone 7 going forward, then it will be very difficult for Intel to justify continued investments in the cellular chip market. Apple And Google's Next Big Thing But it s not the simplicity, efficiency, pleasure, safety or cost-savings of the autonomous automotive experience in which they are interested.

People spend a lot of time in their cars and, particularly, driving their cars. And everyone knows time is money.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google/Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) want to take control of that time. By freeing up driving and related passenger tasks, like navigating and looking around for landmarks, these companies hope to gain access to your eyes, ears, and wallets.

Source: Google

Think about how much value there is in online mobile entertainment and web-surfing, activities like accessing iTunes, viewing YouTube, and watching TV shows, for everyone in the car. Not just the kids on a family trip, solo drivers, too.

So many new songs, games, apps, and shows to download.

Targeted ads associated with specific people, like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) provides, built on specific preferences, but now also combined with travel data like moving location correlated with the time of day. This is very, very valuable to certain industries.

An automotive data bank would be a useful tool for advertisers: it could hold both your travel history and your travel plans. This would provide a glimpse into your future thereby enabling the provision of narrowly targeted ads as you go on your way.

How much will McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) be willing to pay to push out an ad to a traveling family between 10am-noon on a highway in the vicinity of one of their restaurants, especially if someone in the family is known to like to eat there?

Yes, they'll know it's a family traveling based on the types of electronic interactions in the vehicle or even some built-in car diagnostics. They could identify ages, sexes, and weights from this data and sign-ins. If they know who's specifically in the car, they'll already know everyone's meal preferences, and if they don't, they can make demographic-based estimates. Highly tailored ads to traveling carloads.

So how much time are we talking about?

For this estimate, I'll assume autonomous car travel is equivalent to human-driver travel time. What could be different? Well, will autonomous cars be allowed to speed? Will they be required to come to a complete stop at stop signs and lights? Both of these factors could increase travel time. On the other hand, automated traffic flow optimization might reduce travel times in congested areas, so maybe it's a wash overall.

Okay, back to the estimate. On average, American drivers over the age of 18 travel for 46 minutes per day. With 214 million drivers, the total on-road travel time is 164 million hours.

Now, that's a lot of cumulative time but the spans aren't always very long. But they're ideal for short video content like YouTube and some TV shows, music videos, etc. I'm sure perfect-length original content will be developed by the likes of Apple, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), etc. to fill these time slots.

With a 2.5 hour per-person average time on connected devices, the extra road hours adds about 30% to the potential total device time usage. For the following estimates, I'll utilize current corporate revenues to assess the impact of the additional travel time access.

Apple makes about $20B/year on 1B iOS devices for services, which includes iTunes and the App Store. That averages out to $20/device per year. I've seen as high as $40/device in the U.S. but I'll stick with the lower value for my estimate here.

If we assume sales are proportional to time, that 30% translates into $6/device per year or $6B/year. If we just consider the U.S., that's maybe half of total sales and would come in around $3B annually. This is 3% of Apple's $234B 2015 revenue, a drop in the bucket by comparison.

Even at double my estimate, the value of the extra automobile time is just 5% of revenue. This result highlights the need for Apple to either greatly enhance their service offerings or have their devices built in to get a significant bottom-line impact from the autonomous vehicle market.

On to Google. Google's 2015 $75B annual revenue comes nearly entirely in the form of online service value, such as ads and apps. Consequently, the increased car usage time, assuming it's also proportional to sales, implies a $23B increase in revenue. If roughly half of that is U.S., my estimate is around $12B annually. That's 16% of Google's revenue, a meaningful amount.

Knowing that 90% of Google's revenue comes from advertising, we can check this estimate using ad impressions per hour. Using two different methods, I've estimated that Google can get 40-50 impressions/hour, which seems reasonable. Something less than 1 impression/minute, depending on what you're doing.

Assuming an average cost of $1.50 per 1000 impressions puts the market value of the travel time at over $10B annually. The actual value is probably higher based on the reasoning I provided earlier, being some multiple of this. Nevertheless, this result agrees with my prior estimate.

On an absolute basis, the time value of the autonomous car market is at least 4x more valuable to Google than it is for Apple. On a percent of revenue basis, it's at least 6x more valuable to Google. As things stand now, Google will benefit much more significantly from autonomous cars than Apple.

These results are likely the reason Google is openly and aggressively pursuing autonomous vehicle development as it works to expand into new markets. Another positive is that Google can benefit from any autonomous vehicle implementation, even if it's Apple supplied. Apple, on the other hand, appears to be stuck needing to get their devices integrated within autonomous cars to generate impactful revenue unless they come up with an associated service value driver.

To conclude, let's think about the future. In 2020, when you first test-ride an autonomous car, take a look at the electronics layout around you, its integration and how it calls for your attention. Then, when you forget about being too scared to stop looking out the window, you'll relax and start acting like you're in your own living room. You'll be enamored by the convenience and experience at your hands. Not tethered to a steering wheel, but instead to an integrated electronic device that engages you during your trip.

That's when you should start paying attention to the commercial aspect of it all. Sure, it's a good thing, but it's not entirely about you: it's about surrounding companies, your wallet and your time. Apple and Google are vying for it.

Captive connected consumers equals cash flow.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple: Creating A Quantitative Model For iPhone Sales Opinions and theories regarding Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone sales abound, but more often than not the narrative does not come with a quantitative model. Here I will show a model that explains the historical trajectory of iPhone sales as well as make a forecast for future sales.

My goal is to capture the main drivers of iPhone sales in one relatively simple model, namely: rate of adoption, point of saturation, seasonality and the difference in demand that stems from the varying desirability of different iPhone models. Each of these factors will be addressed separately and then combined. My results suggest that Apple is doing fine and is most likely undervalued. I'm sharing my spreadsheet so readers can experiment with changing the inputs and see how it affects the forecast.

Explaining adoption rates with the Bass Diffusion Model

A popular model to describe how new technology is adopted in a population is the Bass diffusion model. The model splits adopters into "innovators" and "imitators." Given estimates for a final number of users and adoption rates for both innovators and imitators, we can map out an estimate for the number of adopters in each quarter.

In modeling iPhone sales, I have assumed a final installed base of iPhone users of 600 million. This does not mean that the number of iPhones in usage will max out at that number, but rather that there will be 600 million users who purchase new iPhones and replace them with some regularity. This number seems reasonable to me and it allows the model to explain the historical trajectory quite well.

Once full adoption has been reached, all new sales are replacement sales. In my model I estimate that iPhone users upgrade their phones once every three years. The following graph shows the composition of innovators (a small group that really only made a difference in the beginning), imitators and replacement buyers. Notice that in this model, adoption peaked in fiscal Q3 2014, whereas sales are forecast to peak in fiscal Q4 of 2016 (the quarter that ends in September).

Adjustments to the Model

Anyone who follows Apple knows that actual sales are not likely to peak this fall. Two of the main reasons for that are seasonality and the relative appeal (or lack thereof) of the 6S model of the iPhone. Let's see how the model looks once we have added seasonality and an iPhone version adjustment factor to the model.

Seasonal Factors

The seasonal pattern of iPhone sales is well known, new versions are typically released toward the end of the fiscal fourth quarter, giving that quarter a bit of a sales bump, followed by huge sales in the holiday quarter, and then fading until the cycle repeats again. Here, I have simply divided total historical iPhone sales on the four quarters and calculated the following seasonal factors:

Version Factors

When it comes to adjusting the model for the different versions of iPhones, things get more subjective. I chose factors that both seemed reasonable to me and helped fit the model to the historical data. A factor of 1 is a neutral factor and all versions leading up to iPhone 5 have a neutral factor. I consider the 5 a fairly major upgrade and gave a factor of 1.05. The 5S anc 6S I consider somewhat lesser upgrades and give a factor of 0.95. The 6 and 6 Plus I consider a very significant release and give a factor of 1.1

I use these factors to explain historical sales, but things get trickier when it comes to using them for forecasts. I do not think it is safe to assume that iPhones will continue to alternate between major and minor upgrades. For instance, rumors are circulating that iPhone 7 will be a modest change, whereas next year's iPhone will be a more radical change. With such little knowledge of future versions, I will use a neutral factor in the forecast. If I were to gain more confidence in rumors regarding the relative merits of upcoming versions, I would use the version factors to update the model accordingly.

Putting it All Together

Combining everything discussed above into one model is simple. We start with the results from the Bass diffusion model, add replacement sales and then multiply that result with the applicable seasonal and version factor. That gives us the following model.

It should be noted that all the historical data was used to create the model and the parameters were chosen so that the model would have a close fit with history. If you think this is a bit ad hoc, you are not necessarily wrong. While time will have to tell how good the predictive quality of the model is, I feel that all the assumptions are reasonable and I have more confidence in this forecast than I would if I had no quantitative model to base it on. It also is helpful to be able to easily quantify what happens when you change the parameters, such as replacement rates and the size of the market.

What About the iPad?

The same approach can be used to model iPad unit sales. A popular opinion is that the iPad is in massive decline and interest in the product is waning. My model offers a different explanation. What we find is that the market size is considerably smaller (175 million units vs. 600 million for the iPhone), adoption was faster, and the replacement time is longer (I'm assuming four years instead of three). This difference in parameters leads to a drastically different sales curve, where the rise and fall are much steeper. Assuming this model is a good representation of reality, the iPad is much closer than the iPhone to having reached full adoption, even if it is a younger product. I'm forecasting a much gentler fall in unit sales from here on out.

Completing a revenue and EPS forecast for Apple

Once we have forecasts for unit sales of iPhones and iPads, it is not hard to flesh out a full forecast for Apple. Following is my forecast for the next two quarters and next year.

Assumptions in the forecast take into account guidance from Apple, historical ASPs and current trends in other product categories, as well as my unit sales model.

My main conclusion is that there is still no sign of deterioration at Apple. Initial adoption sales for iPhone are now falling faster than replacement sales are rising, which has been the case with iPad for a while now. In addition, results are suffering from comparison with last year, which was an exceptionally good year. If this is a good approximation of reality, Apple is significantly undervalued by the market and patient investors will likely be rewarded for keeping their heads.

I encourage readers to check out the model that I am making available, understanding how it works and playing around with the parameters. 
2016-05-14
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Should Forget the Secrecy Apple Inc. (AAPL) Should Forget the Secrecy

One of the hallmarks of Steve Jobs management policies at Apple was secrecy. Products were never discussed prior to launch. The focus on secrecy was so intense that the company even had ongoing fake programs to fool employees as to what might be introduced. Leaking company secrets meant immediate termination.

AAPL   Steve Jobs

In my view, Apple succeeded under Jobs in spite of, not because of, his obsession with secrecy. The flow of exciting new products that Jobs could unveil in is keynotes was sufficient to keep customers happy and employees satisfied despite the KGB atmosphere surrounding their development. But as the backlog of innovation slows, Apple should open the door. Note that Elon Musk pursues a strategy that is 180 degrees opposite to that of Jobs. He introduces products years before they are ready to ship, builds hype, and uses customer and critic feedback to address issues that arise. Apple should do the same. Not only would that make customers feel closer to the company, but employees could share ideas openly and talk proudly about what they were working on, fostering collaboration and innovation.

This does not mean that every detail should be released, so as to not allow copies to be made too quickly, only the concepts. For instance, if Apple is indeed working on a car   say so. Does Apple really hope to have a keynote and roll out a new automobile in 2020 with no customer feedback? That would be nutty.

What about failures you might ask. If the company preannounces a product and then the products bombs isn t that a disaster? No. Remember Google glass and the Amazon phone? Bombs to be sure but they hardly slowed the companies. As Linus Pauling once said when asked how he came up with such great ideas he observed, I come up with 10 times that many ideas and throw away the 90% that are bad. Apples customers and critics could help the company throw away those aspects of its new ideas that are bad. Google s customers did exactly that.

In short, it is time to forget the secrecy. Innovation requires open exchange. Freedom of expression also makes for a much more enjoyable work environment that promotes creative thinking. And there is nothing Apple needs more now than creative thinking and innovation. Apple: Thinking Critically About iPhone 7 Rumors  
2016-05-02
Don't Worry About Carl Icahn Giving Up on Apple, Inc. It's official: billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn has exited his Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) position.

Last week in an interview on CNBC following Apple's disappointing earnings release, Icahn confirmed that he has now sold off all of his shares in the Mac maker. Icahn's position and advocacy had long been a bullish signal for investors, and a multibillion-dollar vote of confidence. Losing Icahn's investment isn't a good thing, but at the same time investors shouldn't worry all that much about it.

Icahn never understood Apple in the first place.

It's been a good few years

Saying Apple was too cheap to ignore three years ago (about when Icahn initiated his position) would be the understatement of the century. Icahn first disclosed his position on social media in August 2013, when shares were trading at approximately $70 (split-adjusted). This was as Apple was recovering from its 2012-2013 pullback, which saw shares lose 45% of their value over a matter of months.

At the time, he called it a "no brainer" since shares looked incredibly undervalued, especially when you factored in the massive cash position. It's worth noting that Icahn was instrumental in pushing Apple's aggressive repurchase program over the years, so Icahn's involvement has very much been a positive influence for investors.

Keep in mind that there were already signs that Icahn was losing faith, such as when he sold off 7 million shares in the first quarter. Icahn noted that his fund made a "great deal of money" on the trade. It's been a good run.

But beyond that, there were always two flaws with Icahn's overly bullish thesis.

Flaw No. 1: Assigning Apple a market multiple

On a few occasions, Icahn assigned share valuations that were far above where the market was trading. For instance, he even went as far as to call Apple shares "half price" based on a valuation of $203 per share in October 2014. This was a then-current estimate, and not a forward-looking price target.

But the way that Icahn arrived at this valuation estimate was by assigning Apple a valuation multiple comparable to the broader S&P 500 (19 times forward earnings at the time for those keeping score at home). Apple has long traded at a substantial discount to the broader market, though, and there's very little evidence to suggest that the market is willing to assign it a market multiple.

While Apple is still driving earnings growth through its highly accretive share repurchase program, investors crave top-line growth. And even though Apple was still growing over the past few years, investors could see the writing on the wall in terms of sales growth, since Apple's revenue base had gotten so large.

Icahn should have never used a market multiple when trying to estimate Apple's value.

Flaw No. 2: Hoping for an Apple TV

Somewhat less meaningful was Icahn's belief that Apple would launch an UltraHD TV set that would quickly grow to become a nearly $40 billion business in just a couple of years. Apple TV rumors were all the rage at the time, and Icahn jumped in, too, estimating that Apple would sell 12 million units in fiscal 2016. By fiscal 2017, Apple TV was to bring in $37.5 billion in revenue.

Unfortunately, reports surfaced shortly later that suggested Apple had killed off its ambitious TV project after nearly a decade of research on the idea. An Apple TV set has always been a long shot, and investors should have never banked on Apple launching one.

Icahn is scared of China

Apple's exposure to China was a large factor in Icahn's decision to sell. It's true that Apple's revenue in Greater China just fell 26% and the company is finally beginning to feel some effects of a broader macroeconomic slowdown, but the business is still quite strong in The Middle Kingdom.

Icahn noted that the Chinese government has a huge influence on market forces, but that's always been true. China has always been marked by heightened geopolitical risk, but it's such a massive market that it's worth navigating. Icahn might be bailing, but I think shares are offering a compelling value as they flirt with 52-week lows. Apple Inc. May Be Losing Smartphone Share to Samsung Describing Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) most recent quarterly financial results as "disappointing" might just be an understatement -- they were downright ugly. Apple reported a sharp decline in iPhone unit shipments in its most recent quarter and, as a result of weak demand and a commensurate channel inventory adjustment, iPhone units are expected to drop significantly again in the current quarter.

Although CEO Tim Cook blamed the iPhone declines on a weaker-than-hoped upgrade cycle relative to that seen following the iPhone 6/6 Plus launch as well as broader macroeconomic weakness. Cook pointed to high customer loyalty and record levels of Android switchers to iPhone as positives that bode well for the company's iPhone business over the long term.

That being said, I can't help but note that Apple may be losing share to Samsung. Allow me to explain.

Look at the year-over-year comparisons

Apple reported a drop in iPhone sales from around 61 million to around 51 million in the most recent quarter, a reduction of approximately 16%. In contrast, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) reported that sales in its "Mobile" group (smartphones, tablets, etc.) were actually up 8% year-over-year in its most recent quarter.

For all of 2016, Samsung aims to see a year-over-year increase in the profitability of its mobile division "through high-end sales growth and solid profitability of mid to low-end products."

Apple, in contrast, will have seen iPhone sales flat in fiscal Q1, iPhone down in fiscal Q2 and fiscal Q3, with its fiscal Q4 something of an unknown at this point, though analyst consensus calls for a 9.1% year-over-year drop in total revenue, implying further iPhone unit declines.

It's clear that Samsung is seeing better year-over-year growth than Apple is.

Is it share gain against Apple, or ...?

One potential explanation is that Samsung is simply regaining share in the premium tier of the smartphone market, which Apple dominates, from Apple. In fact, given that the Galaxy S7 seems to have been fairly well received and is superior to the current iPhone 6s flagship in a number of key ways (display quality, camera, and weight), this wouldn't be too surprising.

However, it's important to note that Apple isn't the only player in the premium tier of the smartphone market (though it is the largest). Samsung may very well be gaining share against other vendors of Android-based smartphones (i.e. HTC, LG, and so on), which could explain the South Korean consumer electronics giant's year-over-year growth in mobile.

Apple is probably losing share; iPhone 7 needs to be a hit

Although I doubt that Apple would ever admit it, it seems likely that part of the iDevice maker's iPhone woes is due to share loss in the premium tier of the market to the likes of Samsung, Huawei, and others.

Fortunately, I think that with a strong iPhone 7 showing later this year, Apple has an opportunity to grow its share in the premium portion of the smartphone market. Apple will need to make sure that the iPhone 7 is sufficiently advanced/compelling, though, to stay relevant once the Android vendors launch their flagships in the middle of the iPhone 7 cycle. Apple Inc.'s Marketing Team May Be Making a Huge Mistake Apple launches iPhone ($499) and Apple TV ($299). iPod sales account for about half of Apple s revenue in its fiscal first quarter.

2007: Apple launches iPhone ($499) and Apple TV ($299). iPod sales account for about half of Apple s revenue in its fiscal first quarter.

2007: Apple launches iPhone ($499) and Apple TV ($299). iPod sales account for about half of Apple s revenue in its fiscal first quarter.

Apple launches iPhone ($499) and Apple TV ($299). iPod sales account for about half of Apple s revenue in its fiscal first quarter.

2007: Apple launches iPhone ($499) and Apple TV ($299). iPod sales account for about half of Apple s revenue in its fiscal first quarter.

2007: Apple launches iPhone ($499) and Apple TV ($299). iPod sales account for about half of Apple s revenue in its fiscal first quarter.

1980: Apple goes public at a value of $1.8 billion. The IPO is the biggest since Ford s in 1956. Apple III introduced. The logo above is as it appears today ($4,340).

1980: Apple goes public at a value of $1.8 billion. The IPO is the biggest since Ford s in 1956. Apple III introduced. The logo above is as it appears today ($4,340).

1980: Apple goes public at a value of $1.8 billion. The IPO is the biggest since Ford s in 1956. Apple III introduced. The logo above is as it appears today ($4,340).

1980: Apple goes public at a value of $1.8 billion. The IPO is the biggest since Ford s in 1956. Apple III introduced. The logo above is as it appears today ($4,340).

1980: Apple goes public at a value of $1.8 billion. The IPO is the biggest since Ford s in 1956. Apple III introduced. The logo above is as it appears today ($4,340).

1980: Apple goes public at a value of $1.8 billion. The IPO is the biggest since Ford s in 1956. Apple III introduced. The logo above is as it appears today ($4,340).

The marketing divisions at major technology companies are often underappreciated by the general public. These teams aren't just there to try to push whatever product the engineering teams have managed to craft, but it is their jobs to figure out what customers want to buy.

Put simply, it's up to marketing to decide what the next big thing is, and it's up to the various hardware/engineering teams to turn that vision into reality.

Based on the rumors that have hit the web regarding Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 series of smartphones, I am starting to wonder if the company's marketing team is in the process of making a huge mistake.

No major industrial design change?

Apple has spent years trying to convince potential customers that thinner and lighter is the way to go. In fact, take this excerpt from Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller from the iPhone 5 launch event as irrefutable evidence of this claim:

So, before we get into it, this is the monumental challenge the team had: Can you make a phone that has everything the iPhone 4s has before even talking about new features in a design that's thinner, lighter, and smaller than the previous product? It is really easy to make a new product that's bigger; everyone does that. That's not the challenge. The challenge is to make it better and smaller.

Interestingly, although Apple was able to make the iPhone 6 series of smartphones thinner than the iPhone 5 series (though they were much larger overall), Apple actually had to increase the thickness and weight of its iPhone 6s series of devices. Presumably, these compromises were done in order to accommodate 3D Touch functionality.

Early rumors/leaks around the iPhone 7 suggested that it would be substantially thinner than the iPhone 6/6s. Ming-Chi Kuo with KGI Securities, for example, said that the iPhone 7 would be between 6.0 and 6.5 millimeters thick, a significant reduction from the 7.1 millimeters of the iPhone 6s. Recently, however, rumors have begun to circulate that the iPhone 7 series devices will have virtually identical dimensions to their iPhone 6s counterparts.

If true, iPhone sales and average selling prices could take a hit

If Apple is banking solely on internal changes to the iPhone 7, then the iDevice maker may be set to face yet another cycle of year-over-year declines. The iPhone 6s represented a significant internal update to the iPhone 6 and yet it wasn't enough to spark a significant upgrade cycle.

To make matters worse, Apple reported a slight degradation in iPhone average selling prices in the most recent quarter as a result of "very popular mid-tier and entry offerings." In other words, many iPhone buyers likely thought that the iPhone 6s series didn't offer much of value over the iPhone 6 and ultimately went with the cheaper 6.

If the iPhone 7 looks virtually identical to the iPhone 6s, and if the iPhone 6s sees a price reduction to current iPhone 6 levels once the iPhone 7 launches, Apple could see a further weakening of its product mix.

When it comes to smartphones, industrial design is critical, no doubt due to the fact that Apple has spent years hyping up its industrial design and elevating industrial designers like Jony Ive virtually to rock star status. Not changing things up here with iPhone 7 would likely be a huge mistake on Apple's part and shareholders will be the ones who ultimately pay the price.

A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity

The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.

The article Apple Inc.'s Marketing Team May Be Making a Huge Mistake originally appeared on Fool.com.

Copyright   1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool, LLC. All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 
2016-05-06
Apple Inc. Stock Is Cheap for a Reason It's seldom the case that a stock is a good buy simply because it's "cheap." A lot of stocks are cheap, and generally speaking, they're cheap for a reason. It could be because they participate in end markets with little to no long-term growth prospects. It could be because of a perception of serious execution issues.

The bottom line, though, is that when a stock is "cheap," it's because investors expect earnings to flatline, or even to contract going forward.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), widely viewed as an innovator in the computing market, now trades at just under 10.5 times trailing-12-month earnings, and approximately 11 times the Street's earnings consensus for the current fiscal year.

It's cheap, and yes, it's cheap for a reason.

Ugliness for now

Apple just reported its first-ever year-over-year decline in iPhone shipments. iPhone is the lifeblood of the company, bringing in the majority of the company's revenue and, ultimately, margin dollars. If the iPhone is in decline, the odds are very good that Apple itself will be in decline.

This decline is expected to continue in the current quarter, exacerbated by the company's plans to reduce iPhone channel inventory (which means Apple will likely under-ship already relatively tepid demand during the quarter).

Apple CEO Tim Cook has tried to soothe investors by touting a product pipeline with "amazing innovations in store," as well as the company's recent efforts to push into lower, but higher-volume price points with products such as the iPhone SE. He even talked about how Apple faces a "tough" year-over-year comparison as a result of the huge iPhone 6/6 Plus product cycle.

Unfortunately, while these are certainly reasons to be optimistic, I'm sure Cook and the rest of the executive team at Apple thought the iPhone 6s series of phones would be compelling enough to keep the winning streak going.

Can Apple earn a richer multiple?

A company as large as Apple, particularly one that relies on mature markets for the substantial majority of its revenue, probably isn't going to earn a market multiple anytime soon. However, I do think it could potentially earn a slightly richer one.

For example, if investors become more confident that the decline in the company's iPhone business has stopped, and can even return to growth (even modest -- but consistent -- growth), I believe that would be worthy of a richer multiple.

It would also help if the company were able to turn around its flailing iPad business. Putting the Mac back on a growth path certainly wouldn't hurt, either.

Some point to Apple potentially entering large new markets, such as electric cars. Given Tesla Motors' (NASDAQ:TSLA) inability to turn a profit despite a strong brand and products that are viewed as best-in-class, I remain skeptical that computer-maker Apple would be able to succeed in the automobile market.

Others point to Apple Watch as a growth opportunity, but after the initial wave of Apple Watch sales, I'm not completely confident the product category is going to grow as rapidly as some of the prominent market research companies do (or even at all).

At the end of the day, I believe Apple will always command a low multiple and that stock appreciation will have to come from earnings growth rather than significant multiple expansion. 
2016-05-25
Is Apple Inc. Wrong About India? You've probably noticed Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has increased its focus on India lately. The iPhone maker has been wooing the country for the past few years and Apple CEO Tim Cook recently ramped that up with a business trip to India.

Apple is doing everything it can to make India its next big growth market. And there are plenty of good reasons for this.

The first being that India is expected to overtake the U.S. as the second-largest smartphone market next year, and is currently growing 5 times faster than China's smartphone market.

But selling phones in India isn't easy. Government regulations and low average selling prices (ASPs) are stifling Apple's progress.

Apple sees massive smartphone potential in one of the world's most populous countries, but is the company wrong to think it can succeed there?

The problem with Apple in India

Apple's problems in India can be summed up with just two simple facts: iPhones are too expensive and the company is struggling to bring down their price in the country.

The average selling price for an iPhone in India is $612. The high price tag comes partly from Apple's famously high margins, but also because India charges more in taxes for devices that don't have 30% of their components sourced in its country. Apple asked for an exception from this, but the country recently denied that request.

Meanwhile, Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) smartphone ASP in India is just $173. That means Apple's phones are 253% more expensive, on average, than Samsung's. Not many Americans would pay for that price difference and in India, where wages are substantially lower, it's even harder to convince consumers.

Perhaps that price difference is why Samsung is sitting at the top of the smartphone vendor list in India with 26.6% market share, while Apple holds just 1.9%.

India's middle class is growing, which could eventually help Apple's iPhone sales in the country, but it's not helping much right now.

Apple knows its phones are expensive for Indian consumers, and that's why it recently requested to sell refurbished devices in the country. But India has so far rejected that request, which only adds to Apple's problems.

Apple doesn't have a choice

There are few reasons why Apple continues trudging along with its India strategy despite its current position.

As I mentioned earlier, India will become the second-largest smartphone market, behind China, very soon. On top of that, Apple is facing slowing iPhones sales in the U.S.

The iPhone accounts for about 65% of Apple's total revenue. So if the company wants to continue using the devices as its main revenue stream, it'll have to look to new markets that are growing quickly -- like India.

Investors may not want to hear this

Even if Apple does eventually see an uptick in smartphone sales in India, it's not likely that it will experience the same type of success we've seen for the company in the U.S. or China.

India is a country with a growing population and economic position, but the average yearly income in India is just under $1,600, according to the World Bank. No matter what Apple does strategically to sell iPhones, it can't change that fact. Apple will have to settle for whatever market share it can scrape together until India becomes more wealthy.

The problem for Apple is it needs to sell more iPhones now, but Indian consumers just aren't ready.

It's not that Apple is wrong in looking to India for more smartphone growth, it's just that the iPhone's price tag is essentially an insurmountable hurdle right now, and nearly everything the company's done to change that hasn't worked. Apple Inc.'s Next MacBook Pro Sounds Like a Winner According to a note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via MacRumors), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning a massive overhaul to its MacBook Pro lineup for later this year.

The new device is expected to bring a "thinner and lighter form factor" -- not unusual for a new Apple product. What's interesting about this new MacBook is that it will apparently bring two significant new features not present in previous MacBook Pro models.

Touch ID

According to the report, Touch ID is finally coming to the Mac, approximately three years after the feature was introduced in the iPhone 5s. It will be interesting to see how Touch ID is implemented in the new Mac.

Laptop makers have long included swipe sensors, although recently there have been announcements of area touch fingerprint sensors built into trackpads in recent years. I doubt that Apple, which brought one of the first high-volume touch area sensors to a consumer product with the iPhone 5s, would actually use such a swipe sensor. So, my guess is that we'll see something akin to a Touch ID spot integrated into this future Mac's trackpad.

Though a fingerprint scanner is likely more useful on a portable device that needs to be unlocked constantly, it should still be more convenient than having to type in a long password or passcode. And, since Apple is working to aggressively roll out Apple Pay for online purchases in addition to contactless payment in stores, including a fingerprint scanner on the Macbook could further serve to increase Apple Pay usage.

OLED bar

The next big feature that the new MacBook Pros will have, according to Kuo, is an "OLED display touch bar." This, the analyst says, will be used to "replace the physical function keys, located above the keyboard."

Although at first this sounds kind of gimmicky, especially as computer users have been using traditional function keys for a long time, Apple may very well be able to deliver something unique and -- more important -- useful. We'll have to see what Apple ultimately does with it.

What else?

Beyond the new whiz-bang features and the form factor, Kuo reports that the new MacBook Pros will adopt USB Type C (used in the current thin-and-light MacBook) as well as Thunderbolt 3 connectivity.

Taking it a step further, we should expect the usual slate of upgrades: a transition from older-generation Intel processors (the 13-inch MacBook Pro uses Broadwell; the 15-inch MacBook Pro uses the even older Haswell architecture) to the chipmaker's latest Skylake processors.

For higher-end built-to-order models, I also expect Apple will use updated discrete graphics processors, which should also help performance as well as battery life.

The bummer? Not coming until Q4

It seems that Apple has a compelling set of new MacBook Pro models coming later this year, which should be good news for Apple and its customers. The bummer, though, is that these new Macs are reportedly not going to show up until the fourth quarter of this year. The good news for the iDevice maker is that even with a relatively stale set of notebook offerings, it's still managing to outperform the broader PC market. Look for accelerated outperformance in Apple's Mac business once these new systems hit the market. Apple Inc. Outspending Major Automakers on R&D By 20 Times The idea of an Apple car continues to sit well with Wall Street and fans alike, and more and more signs suggest that the iPhone maker is indeed heading in this direction. One analyst said recently that the company has been quickly ramping research and development costs and has yet to release any major new product, concluding that a car must be the product that s being worked on. Now we have more Apple car-related news.

Morgan Stanley analysts actually believe the company is more interested in shared mobility than in selling a car, and they note that it is now spending 20 times more on research and development in the than leading automakers are spending. There s also a report that the company is exploring building its own charging stations. Sound a lot like Tesla? Well, this wouldn t be the first time Apple ripped off an idea from another company and made it even more popular than the original product in its category.

Apple s spending in shared mobility

Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty and team said in a report dated May 25 that shared mobility is  the most likely explanation  for the company s increased R&D spending. For one thing, they estimate the opportunity in this area to be about $2.6 trillion per year based on the 20 trillion miles that are expected to be traveled in 2030 with 26% shared automobile penetration at 50 cents per mile. Additionally, they see three  disruptive forces  meeting in shared mobility, which are electric, autonomous and shared vehicles.

Third, they think the digital experience inside of vehicles must be improved and note that technology cycles are moving faster now with an average of one to two years at most, compared to auto design cycles lasting five to seven years. They also note that the investment into Chinese ride-sharing service Didi Chuxing shows that the iPhone maker is interested in shared mobility specifically. The Morgan Stanley team believes that Apple sees shared vehicles as offering a recurring revenue stream  at maturity  rather than owned vehicles.

Apple outspending other automakers

The Morgan Stanley team states that over the last three years, the iPhone maker has spent an incremental $5 billion on R&D, probably for products that haven t been launched yet. This is much more than it spent before the Watch ($2 billion incrementally) and the iPhone and iPad. Huberty and team add that R&D expenses grew 80% compared to the 37% increase in revenue over the last two years. Further, Apple spent 3.5% of its revenue on R&D in fiscal 2015, which is more than the 3.2% of revenue it spent in 2007 when it launched the iPhone, even though it now has almost ten times the revenue scale it had at that time.

They add that the $5 billion in incremental R&D spend at Apple compares to the total of $192 million at the top 14 automakers and that over 100% of that was spent at Tesla.

They estimate that Apple could get at least a 16% share of the shared mobility market, which is about the same percentage share it holds in smartphones. This would amount to more than $400 billion in revenue and earnings of $16 per share in 2030, which is more than the company currently generates right now.

Apple said to be exploring charging stations

But Apple may have much more in mind than shared mobility. As more and more rumors about an Apple car roll in, it s sounding like there could indeed be one in the works, and now Reuters is reporting that Apple is looking into how to charge electric cars. Citing unnamed sources and some LinkedIn profiles, the media outlet reports that the company has been talking with companies that operate charging stations about their technology. It also states that the talks were not about charging for electric cars owned by the iPhone maker s employees, which it already provides.

Reuters  source reportedly said charging companies are wary of sharing too much information about their technology with Apple, which could become a rival. The media outlet said it s not clear whether the iPhone maker would want to build its own charging infrastructure like what Tesla is building or whether it would want to build one that would be compatible with cars made by other companies.

Apple shares climbed by as much as 1.8% to $99.66 during regular trading hours on Wednesday. Why Apple Won't Sell Touchscreen Mac Computers A touchscreen-equipped, convertible MacBook from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will quickly diminish the popularity of the Surface Pro. However, Tim Cook is smarter than me. Apple doesn't want a touchscreen-equipped Mac because it still likes the money from iPad sales. The 12.9-inch iPad Pro and the $99 Apple Pencil are very popular companion devices for Mac loyalists.

The iPad Pro and its expensive accessories are helping the iPad brand remain a multi-billion business. Selling a $1,500 touch-enabled MacBook will render the iPad Pro redundant. Protecting and developing the iPad Pro business is very important to Apple's future. Analysts like Michael Blair are skeptical that the iPhone 7 can reverse the "slumping" sales of iPhones.

My retort is that increased sales of the iPad Pro (and Apple Pencil) could make up for any dips in iPhone sales. Yes, the Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface Pro is outselling the iPad Pro in U.K.'s enterprise market, 275k Surface Pro units sold vs. 107k for the iPad Pro.

However, the iPad Pro is geared more toward creative industry professionals, rather than to Excel or PowerPoint wizards. Artist or professional designers are likely the reason why the iPad Pro outsold the Surface Pro during the holiday 2015 season.

Creative professionals need the Apple Pencil and iPad Pro to speed up their Mac-based workflow. Getting on the good side of the creative industry definitely helps Apple's sell more iPad Pros, while also keeping the Mac business healthy.

It's a win-win situation for Apple to never release a Mac with a touchscreen display.

Protecting The iPad Business Is Worthwhile

On a long-term basis, a touchscreen-equipped MacBook will outsell the Surface Pro. However, there is the risk of it also seriously affecting the high-end iPad business of Apple. Compelling Mac users to buy $499 iPad Pros and $99 Apple Pencils is very profitable for Apple. In spite of the declining sales of the iPad, the iOS tablet product line still contributed $4.4 billion during the previous quarter.

(Source: Statista)

Apple has recently released the more affordable 9.7-inch iPad Pro. We can expect the high-end iPad business to pick up in sales. The smaller iPad Pro is more convenient when used like a Wacom Cintiq. Wired screen mirroring apps like the $30 Astropad iOS app is inspiring Mac-using artists to buy an iPad. Instead of buying a Cintiq or Surface Pro, the Astropad + iPad combo already makes Mac computers Cintiq-like.

I don't use Astropad. I bought Twomon USB because it works with my MacBook, Mac Mini, and Windows computers. Mac users like me are now satisfied with cheap iOS screen mirroring apps. I am no longer in hurry to get my hands on a touchscreen-equipped MacBook.

Protecting the high-end iPad/Apple Pencil business is the reason why Apple will allegedly only put an OLED "touch bar" to replace the function keys above the keyboard of new MacBooks. Putting capacitive touchscreen displays on the Mac is simply detrimental to Apple.

Final Thoughts

The logic behind never mixing the iPad and MacBook into a unified product is now clear to me. Apple makes more money by selling Macs and iPads as distinct products.

The iPad business segment still contributes more than 9% of Apple's revenue. Keeping it alive by not crossbreeding it with Macs is a clever decision.

(Source: CSI Market)

I might try and go long on AAPL again. I will have to reduce my MSFT exposure to fund this re-entry on Apple.Compared to Microsoft's high P/E ratio, I think the market is undervaluing AAPL. Even though AAPL's price has surged since Berkshire Hathaway divulged a long position on AAPL, I think the stock still deserves a higher P/E than 10.9x. Let us never forget that AAPL has stashed away more than$230 billion in cash.

Apple can quickly do major acquisitions to reduce its huge dependence on iPhone sales. Apple is rich enough to buy a controlling stake on Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), or Intel (NASDAQ:INTC).

The bottomline is that Apple can quickly upgrade itself into a formidable cloud computing/software rival of Microsoft, or ad rival of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

(Source: finbox.io)

I might go long on AAPL again. I will have to reduce my MSFT exposure to fund this re-entry on Apple.

Disclosure: I am/we are long MSFT, INTC, GOOG.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc reportedly exploring charging stations for electric vehicles, hires ... SAN FRANCISCO   Apple Inc is investigating how to charge electric cars, talking to charging station companies and hiring engineers with expertise in the area, according to people familiar with the matter and a review of LinkedIn profiles.

For more than a year, Silicon Valley has been buzzing about Apple s plan to build an electric car. Now the company appears to be laying the groundwork for the infrastructure and related software crucial to powering such a product.

The moves show Apple responding to a key shortcoming of electric vehicles:  filling up  the batteries. A shortage of public charging stations, and the hours wasted in charging a car, could be an opportunity for Apple, whose simple designs have transformed consumer electronics.

Related

Apple, which has never publicly acknowledged a car project, declined to comment for this story. Neither the LinkedIn profiles nor sources said specifically that Apple was building charging stations for electric cars.

But automotive sources last year told Reuters that Apple was studying a self-driving electric vehicle (EV), as the Silicon Valley icon looks for new sources of revenue amid a maturing market for its iPhone.

Apple is now asking charging station companies about their underlying technology, one person with knowledge of the matter said. The talks, which have not been reported, do not concern charging for electric cars of Apple employees, a service the company already provides. They indicate that Apple is focused on a car, the person added.

Charging firms are treading carefully, the person added, wary of sharing too much with a company they view as a potential rival.

It is unclear whether Apple would want its own proprietary technology, such as Tesla Motors  Supercharger network, or design a system compatible with offerings from other market players.

Several charging station suppliers contacted by Reuters declined to comment about any dealings with Apple, which typically requires potential partners to sign non-disclosure agreements.

Arun Banskota, president of NRG Energy Inc s electric vehicle charging business, EVgo, did not respond directly to questions about Apple, but said repeatedly his company was  in discussions with every manufacturer of today and every potential manufacturer of tomorrow. 

Apple has also hired at least four electric vehicle charging specialists, including former BMW employee R n n   Braon in, who worked on integrating charging infrastructure into home energy systems as well as communication between EVs, BMW and utilities, according a LinkedIn review.

As recently as January Apple hired Nan Liu, an engineer who researched a form of wireless charging for electric vehicles, for instance. Quartz earlier this month reported that Apple had hired former Google charging expert Kurt Adelberger.

Electric vehicle charging stations are manufactured, installed and operated under varying business models. Players in the space include private companies such as ChargePoint and ClipperCreek, public utilities, infrastructure companies such as Black & Veatch and AECOM as well as General Electric , Siemens and Delta Electronics Inc.

Charger shortfall

The electric car industry has faced a chicken-and-egg paradox with the installation of charging stations. Property owners have been reluctant to install them before EVs hit the road en masse, and drivers are wary of buying EVs until charging stations are widely available.

Apple s home state of California by 2020 will need about 13 to 25 times the roughly 8,000 work and public chargers it currently has, to support a projected 1 million zero-emission vehicles on the road, according to an estimate by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory.

Tesla recently goosed electric vehicle demand, unveiling its more affordable Model 3 sedan, generating hundreds of thousands of reservations from potential buyers and leading many experts to calculate the number of EVs will soon outstrip the charging station supply.

Tesla also has led the way with a proprietary network for customers, who also can use public chargers. Its more than 600  Supercharger  stations juice up a car in about 30 minutes, more than twice as fast as the standard  fast charger,  called Level 2.

One global engineering and construction firm already has reached out to Apple to offer its services, a person at the firm said.

 It would be natural to assume if Apple is going to have a full battery electric vehicle that creates a seamless consumer experience the way Apple does, the charging infrastructure and its availability would be of paramount importance,  the source said.

  Thomson Reuters 2016 How Does Apple Compare To Ugly Duckling Kohl's?  Apple: Innovation And R&D Apple this, Apple that. A main argument that bears make is that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) needs to innovate. Releasing a new iPhone color isn't innovation, agreed. What investors want is that next game-changing product.

How do you innovate? Through R&D.

There are no guarantees but you have to play the R&D lottery to win the R&D lottery. Interestingly, possibly Apple's best analyst, Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford C. Bernstein, came out with a study a couple years ago. He found that spending on R&D doesn't guarantee any results (obviously) and overall there really isn't a correlation between spending and shareholder returns. Tech or otherwise.

I have some theories why this would apply but a couple of factors regarding innovation. The Economic Recovery Act of 1981 gave us an R&D tax credit. Corporations have an incentive to classify everything as R&D. Is the next upgrade cycle of Windows really innovation? How much R&D is even innovation focused and how much is taking the iPhone 6 to the iPhone 6s? What if one company with a big R&D budget pursues every willy-nilly idea while the company with the smaller budget picks and chooses their battles more carefully from the get-go? It would be incredibly difficult to standardize the data factoring in true R&D, upgrades and long shot ideas vs. more probable winners.

Steve Jobs echoed Tony Sacconghi's comments in 1981 when he told Fortune that "innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have." Jobs was fond of pointing to his small R&D spend as a key difference between Apple and Microsoft. Some people can just do more with less. Is it talent, focus, strategy, luck? For Jobs, I'd say all of the above.

The X factor was Steve Jobs. R&D can be a cash pit. Every engineer has their pet project that might be the next big thing, they just need more time and resources to work on it. Jobs was apparently good at spotting and cutting dead-end projects early on. He was a CEO with the engineering background that really understood the tech and had the ability to save millions of company dollars from sunk R&D costs. You can't say the same about "at the time" rival CEO Steve Ballmer. Steve Jobs was winning the R&D lottery and he wasn't even buying many tickets - it wasn't luck.

Jobs kept a simplified product offering. If Apple was a restaurant, they'd have a few items on their menu and they'd all be delicious. That's easier from an R&D perspective (and inventory/supply chain) than branching out so many ways. Simple, focused, quality.

Focus. Are you trying to invent cool new technology or technology that consumers will actually buy? Apple admits that they may be passing up decent opportunities, but they stay focused on money making ideas. Apple is a business, not a science lab.

Apple didn't even invent the MP3 player, smartphone or tablet. Others invented these products first, Apple just improved them and made them more commercial friendly. It's easier to improve an existing product and make it your own than create it from scratch. A good artist copies, a great artist steals.

When people say that CEOs aren't worth X times the salary of the average employee - blah-blah-blah - I think those people are naive and don't understand business or even math and logic. Some CEOs are overpaid, others are underpaid - just like any other job. When you take the jealous emotion out of the argument you see that a poor CEO can drive a good company into the ground while a great CEO can turn a niche computer company into the most valuable company in the world. Apple was saving billions on R&D dollars yearly with Steve Jobs and the iPhone has one of the greatest ROIs of all-time. Oh but Steve should have only been making 20X what the part-time pimply faced high school kid at the Apple store makes? Steve Jobs was underpaid.

Apple's approach to R&D is secretive which is correct for a hardware tech vendor. If you are in the market for a new phone but know that the iPhone 7 is coming out and will have virtual reality built in and other bells and whistles you might not buy the 6 now. That hurts sales so they keep future initiatives close to the vest. Other tech titans don't have to worry about that.

Competition

In terms of R&D to revenue, Apple invests a fraction of what their tech peers Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) pay.

In the trailing 12 months, Apple invested 4% of revenue into R&D while Facebook was investing 26%, Alphabet 17%, Microsoft 14% and Amazon 12%. As of Q2 earnings Apple's number jumped to 5% which is still less than half of their competitors when standardized by revenue. Factor in that Amazon's profits are a lot less than their middle man revenue and the numbers look even better.

In absolute terms, Apple spends billions less than tech peers. This year Apple is on track to spend $10 billion and $12 billion next year which is incredible considering they were spending a little over $3 billion four years ago. Data is from Neil Cybart at the Above Avalon blog.

A smaller R&D budget hasn't stopped Apple from out earning peers. That's the name of the game right?

If Apple was a baseball team they'd be the Oakland As that are spending less than the Yankees, Red Sox, Dodgers and they'd still be winning more games. Steve Jobs would obviously be Billy Beane in this analogy.

The problem is that Jobs is gone and this data is backward looking. The iPhone was the winning lottery ticket, as was Windows, as was Google search and Facebook's social network.

If Apple's R&D interests you, again I'd suggest reading this and other Above Avalon blog posts. These next two charts from the blog illustrate that Apple is rapidly increasing R&D. For something big?

We don't know where those investment dollars are being directed (Apple did mention an increase in headcount) but there's plenty of speculation about Project Titan, a car. Overall the company is investing $15 billion in capex including their acquisitions and capital improvements.

Apple Campus 2 which could be complete next year is big enough to accommodate project Titan.

Apple also is opening an R&D facility in Yokohama, Japan, an area known to specialize in vehicles and the health industry.

The Hyderabad, India, office will be a tech center.

Naples, Italy, will have an iOS development center.

Cambridge, Shanghai, Taiwan, Israel, and possibly Ottawa are on the map.

My two cents

The smartphone market in the developed world is coming to saturation. 65% of the population has a smartphone and many of the holdouts don't want them. So what? People are irrationally obsessed with their phones. iOs is what, 12% of the market? They can't just out compete Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) and others? Do people say that the clothing market is saturated so Under Armour (NYSE:UA) can't grow? No, if their air wick shirts are better than their competition you buy them. Many people replace their phones every year and a half, maybe that's slowing to three years but it's still a huge cash cow. If iPhones are better than Samsung phones then forget the overall market, THEIR market grows.

Even with slowing and declining revenue, the company already is trading at a cheap price. It's not like this is a 28 PE stock with flat revenue like Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). If you take the debt out of the equation the financials look even better.

There are too many impatient investors who want a stock to always go up. It doesn't work like that. Cook has been buying shares on the way down. This could be a 2014 redux. Cook knows more about the R&D than anyone and I don't think he's panicked at all.

It used to be that Apple was going to be the first trillion-dollar market cap, now the shorts are talking about Apple at $85, $80, $70s.

I initially bought Apple pre-split under $80 per share (~ $11.40 post-split) and made additional purchases on the way up, maybe $200, $220, $240. Added some during the last pull back without looking it up in I believe 2013 ~ $65 post-split. I trimmed some of my position when it hit $100, and when it went over $110 due to portfolio management and everything firing on all cylinders and a hope to buy back later cheaper. My portfolio is still about 15% Apple, I've had a great track record with this one and I'm here to tell you the time to buy back in is now.

I'm not sure what that amped up R&D budget will bring - a car, heavily commercialized virtual reality, 3D pictures, improved voice search (Siri), additional breakthroughs in health, wearables, but Apple will innovate. I'm expecting results with their increased R&D budget.

Apple lost their secret weapon in Jobs but the increased R&D headcount and additional facilities show the company's commitment to innovation. If Apple continues the Jobs way - focusing on a few strong/creative ideas likely to make money instead of spreading thin and working on everything they should do well. So far, there are no indications of a strategy shift even with the increased spending. Based on Apple's sterling historical R&D return on investment, the market is currently underrating this stock.

Long AAPL. Apple: Channel Inventory Concerns  Global Payments announces support for Apple Pay in Singapore  India's finance minister ratified decision that Apple must meet local sourcing rules to open its own stores - Bloomberg  
2016-05-22
Bruce Greenwald On Apple Inc. (AAPL) Bruce Greenwald On Apple Inc. (AAPL) vi The New York Times

H/T Dataroma

 Apple is extraordinarily cheap, but it s never been a value stock in the traditional sense,  said Bruce Greenwald, who runs the value investing program at Columbia Business School and is a co-author of  Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond  (Wiley, 2001).

 Value investing has always focused primarily on asset value,  Professor Bruce Greenwald told me. Apple s book value, or asset value, of $130 billion isn t even close to its market capitalization of about $515 billion.

That means, in theory, that other companies could replicate Apple s assets at relatively low cost, produce rival products and undermine Apple s enviably high profit margins.

Tech companies typically have low asset values relative to their share prices   one reason Mr. Buffett and other value investors long shunned the sector   but their patented technologies and intellectual property nonetheless often create formidable barriers to entry by competitors.

For an extraordinarily high-profit-margin technology company like Apple, the question is whether there are such  moats,  as value investors like to put it, that will continue to protect it from these competitive threats.

 That s always been the issue with Apple,  Professor Bruce Greenwald said.  How sustainable are these profit levels and how big are the barriers? The fear with Apple is that it will get overwhelmed by new entry and new competitors. The moat doesn t seem that big. It s not just giant rivals like Samsung, but smaller companies that can survive with even a small share of the smartphone market. 

Among technology companies that have already made the same transition, Professor Greenwald cited IBM, Intel, Cisco, Microsoft and Dell, companies whose share prices, after great rocket rides, have mostly languished in recent years. (Dell was taken private in 2013.)

For those who failed to buy the stock early enough,  as investments, they all turned out pretty badly,  he noted.

Berkshire Hathaway also disclosed this week that it had increased the stake in IBM it first acquired in 2011. IBM shares have declined over the period, but by Mr. Buffett s long-term standards, the investment is still too new to judge.

 If you believe the iPhone will be the global standard in 25 years, you d buy  Apple stock, Professor Bruce Greenwald said. But many value investors have already seen where smartphones can go,  which is where PCs have already gone. 

Read the full article here.

Bruce Greenwald 
2016-05-09
Apple Inc. Reportedly Splitting 10-Nanometer A11 Chip Orders According to DigiTimes , contract chip manufacturing giant TSMC (NYSE:TSM) has "begun to tape out the design for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A11 processor." The chip, unsurprisingly, is expected to be built a 10-nanometer FinFET logic process, according to DigiTimes' sources.

Per the report, TSMC's 10-nanometer process should "achieve certification" in the fourth quarter of 2016, which means that the company's customers should be able to deliver "product samples to the customer for validation in the first quarter of 2017."

Perhaps the most interesting tidbit in the report, however, is that DigiTimes' sources think that TSMC will get two-thirds of the A11 chip orders. This likely means that the remaining third of the orders will go to Apple's rival, Samsung Electronics (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) (since it is unlikely that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will be in the mix here).

What this should mean for TSMC for the 2017 iPhone

With the A9, Apple split the orders between TSMC and Samsung, with Samsung said to have gotten the majority of the orders. The A10 is expected to be built exclusively by TSMC, which should help the Taiwan-based chip-maker see a revenue rebound in the second half of the year.

If the A11 will be split between TSMC and Samsung, then this could make TSMC's year-over-year revenue compares during the 2017 iPhone cycle tougher, especially if total iPhone unit shipments continue on their current downward trajectory.

How about the 2018 iPhone?

Even if TSMC winds up splitting the A11 orders with Samsung, I believe there is a very good chance that the Apple A12 will be built entirely at TSMC.

Remember that Samsung has publicly said that it expects its 10-nanometer node to last a while. In contrast, TSMC is looking to transition away from the 10-nanometer node fairly quickly toward its 7-nanometer node which should bring both performance and area scaling improvements over its 10-nanometer technology.

TSMC has also said in the past that it expects its 10-nanometer technology to be "denser" than that of its rivals (presumably Samsung 's), which suggests that TSMC's 7-nanometer should further widen the gap between its technology offerings and Samsung's.

With a significant disparity in transistor densities between the Samsung 10-nanometer process and TSMC's 7-nanometer process, I would be very surprised if Apple chose a dual source strategy for the A12 chip that should power the 2018 iPhone.

Still positive on TSMC's position at Apple

Although Apple is going to become less important to TSMC over time, particularly if companies such as Huawei, MediaTek, and even Spreadtrum start more aggressively using TSMC's leading technology nodes going forward, Apple is still a key enabler of TSMC's leading-edge technology development.

Indeed, it makes it much easier to justify intensive research and development spending, as well as the build-out of extremely expensive manufacturing plants, when a company knows that it has substantial "guaranteed" orders.

In my view, if TSMC can build and maintain a defensible technology lead over Samsung, it should be extremely well positioned to continue to win the majority, if not the entirety of, Apple's A-chip business in the years ahead. Apple Buybacks Have Been A 'Powerful' Leading Indicator On CNBC's Mad Money last week, when Jim Cramer spoke to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) CEO Tim Cook, several investors asked whether Cook s media appearances presaged stock performance.

Bernstein s Toni Sacconaghi said that, having analyzed the correlation between CEO Tim Cook's public appearances and Apple's stock price reaction, it seemed more prudent to  follow the company's buyback trends than the CEO's media appearances (and accompanying assurances).  The analyst maintained an Outperform rating for the company, with a price target of $135.

Take Cue From Apple Investing In Itself

 Do what they do, not what they say,  analyst Toni Sacconaghi recommended investors. He said that share buybacks were a superior indicator of Apple's  near-term business health and forward stock price. 

Sacconaghi pointed out that since 2012, whenever Apple bought back shares worth $14B or more during a quarter, the stock had meaningfully outperformed over the next couple of quarters. He added that in most other periods, Apple s shares had underperformed.

Apple s share repurchases in the most recent quarter [FYQ2] were at average-to-below-average levels, around $6.7B, despite the stock s significant underperformance over the last several quarters. The analyst added,  We encourage investors to monitor buybacks going forward, given their history as an effective leading indicator. 

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Bernstein Toni SacconaghiAnalyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Does Apple Inc. (AAPL) Have Mobileye NV (MBLY) In Its Sights? InvestorPlace InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips

In the days after Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) released its worst earnings report in years, management has gone on a charm offensive to reassure investors - and maybe even themselves as well. CEO Tim Cook has never had the star power that Steve Jobs did, but now the company has been thrown into a position of having to show and prove.

There's no more benefit of the doubt.

For the fiscal second quarter, Apple saw results miss on both the top and bottom lines. Earnings of $1.90 a share were down from $2.33 a share last year and $0.10 below estimates, while revenue of $50.6 billion came in $1.5 billion short of expectations.

This was AAPL's first quarterly drop in sales since 2003. Adding to the injury, iPhone unit sales fell 16% in the quarter, and sales in Greater China declined 26%. Guidance for the third quarter was also lower than expected, with management looking for revenue of $41 to $43 billion compared to estimates closer to $45 billion.

In addition, management announced a 10% hike to its dividend and a $50 billion increase to its capital return program. But with that still leaving Apple sitting on more cash than many of the world's nations, investors are antsy to learn how the company plans to spend that all that money. And political candidates see it as greed personified.

Why MBLY Would Be Good for AAPL

The company said it plans to spend $250 billion by the end of March 2018, and is now talking about acquisitions both large and small. That, coupled with an increasing need for a new company with a wow factor, and I'm led to believe we're looking at the driverless car.

If that's the case, AAPL needs to power up on technology, and in my opinion that puts Mobileye NV ( MBLY ) in the bullseye. Mobileye is a key player in the autonomous automobile industry, which is an area that I think will come to fruition much sooner than many expect.

Its technology is based on advanced vision algorithms that help motorists avoid collisions by interpreting a scene in real time and taking immediate evasive action. This system is known as the Advanced Driver Assistance System, and it's pretty cool stuff.

There's no denying this is a crowded field, but the stakes are so high that every major Silicon Valley tech giant is a player. So I think there's probably a 50% chance we see AAPL make a bid for Mobileye. And if it doesn't, one of the giants should.

In the most recent quarter, MBLY earned $0.15 a share and saw revenue grow 65% to $75.2 million. Both numbers beat the Street. The number of EyeQ chips sold jumped 62% over a year ago, and the average selling price increased from $43.70 to $44.20.

Mobileye stock has been edging higher, and a close above $40 could spark a massive rally higher. It will be interesting to see whether a buyout offer comes before that move or not, but nonetheless, MBLY remains an attractive target for any of the tech giants.

Get more behind-the-scenes insights, valuable market research and hands-on guidance including live stock recommendations from Fox Business's rising star. Charles Payne's Smart Talk is absolutely FREE for a limited-time only. Sign up today !

More From InvestorPlace

The post Does Apple Inc. (AAPL) Have Mobileye NV (MBLY) In Its Sights? appeared first on InvestorPlace . 
2016-05-10
Apple Inc. Supplier Imagination Technologies Group plc Catches a Bid Shares of struggling graphics intellectual properly vendor Imagination Technologies Group (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF) caught a bid on May 9 following the disclosure that Tsinghua Unigroup had purchased a 3% stake in the company.

Shares were up more than 11% on strong volume, reversing some of the declines it saw during the month of April. In light of this news, does the investment thesis around this company change for the better? Let's take a closer look.

The business is still in rough shape

Imagination faces a number of significant headwinds. Firstly, one of its largest customers, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), is currently experiencing year-over-year declines in smartphone shipments. If Apple is down, Imagination certainly gets hit.

Beyond that, Imagination faces strong competition in the broader, non-Apple smartphone market. Many smartphones use graphics intellectual properties from either larger rival ARM Holdings (NASDAQ:ARMH) or Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), a system-on-a-chip builder that develops its own graphics processors.

With heavy Apple exposure, strong competition for the non-Apple smartphone spots, and an overall smartphone market that's seen a dramatic slowdown in growth, it's not hard to see the challenges that this Apple supplier faces.

Does a 3% stake mean much?

A 3% stake in the company at its current market capitalization is worth approximately $20 million (assuming exchange rate of 1.44 USD to 1 GBP). Relative to some of the other investments that Tsinghua has made, this isn't a ton of money. Furthermore, a 3% stake is quite small.

Some analysts, such as the folks with Liberium Capital (via The Guardian), think that this move could "ignite a sale process" of Imagination to Apple. It's worth noting that Apple confirmed reports earlier that it held talks with Imagination about a possible acquisition.

"We presume Apple (owns 8%) would not let Imagination's technology go to China," the analysts write.

Does an Apple buyout of Imagination make sense?

Apple has generally placed high value on the graphics performance of its A-series processors. Graphics enables a whole host of compelling user experiences, from accelerating elements of the user interface to enabling increasingly realistic 3D video games.

Historically, Apple has integrated some of Imagination's highest performance graphics processors into chips destined for the iPhone and iPad, respectively. Apple is also often the first out of the gate to implement Imagination's latest graphics designs.

At the end of the day, Apple likely wants to continue to offer up leadership graphics performance in its smartphones, particularly if it seeks to boost the display resolutions on future iPhones.

There is significant evidence in the public domain that the company is building its own graphics processors (i.e., plenty of job listings point to an in-house graphics processors). If this effort is ultimately successful, then Apple should be able to reduce its reliance on Imagination and its technology.

However, if Apple is unable to build world-class graphics processors in-house, then it will need to continue sourcing graphics processors from a third party -- most likely Imagination. I can see why Apple may have been interested -- the Imagination team is quite capable, and having that technology all to itself (backed by Apple's very deep pockets) would be quite valuable.

If Imagination gets snapped up by another entity (like Tsinghua), perhaps one uninterested in continuing to license graphics processors to third parties, then Apple could be in a bit of a bind as it would need to transition to graphics from another vendor (probably ARM). This could put Apple into a bit of a bind. Apple, Inc. Could Sell 90 Million iPhones This Fall: Here's How Looking at Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock performance over the past five years, it appears that Mr. Market has regularly oscillated between euphoria and despair with regard to the iPhone maker's prospects. So far in 2016, despair has been the order of the day.

It's true that Apple's second quarter results and third quarter guidance were nothing to write home about. iPhone sales have taken a step backwards after posting very strong growth a year ago, and Apple's other product lines haven't picked up the slack.

However, some of this weakness is due to the timing of Apple's two-year product cycle. The iPhone 6/6s cycle is winding down -- but that also means the iPhone 7 launch is right around the corner. With a fresh iPhone lineup, Apple is likely set a new record for iPhone sales in its first fiscal quarter this fall. It even has a realistic shot at selling a staggering 90 million iPhones.

Growth is almost assured

A lot of pundits have proclaimed the death of the two-year phone upgrade cycle and blamed the recent slowdown in iPhone sales on a lengthening replacement cycle. Indeed, many fewer people are on two-year contracts than was the case a few years ago.

Still, the two-year contract isn't completely dead. (I still have one!) Furthermore, many people have replaced their smartphone contracts with installment plans, which typically spread device payments over 24 months. While you can save money by holding onto your old phone after it is paid off, the two-year mark is still a natural time to upgrade -- especially if a new model has just come out.

Thus, the number of iPhones sold two years earlier is an important factor (though not the only one) in gauging iPhone demand in any given quarter. In the fall quarter of 2014, Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones. By contrast, in the fall quarter of 2013, it sold just 51.0 million iPhones.

The huge jump in iPhone sales beginning in September 2014 virtually guarantees that iPhone sales will return to growth this fall, when phones sold in late 2014 will enter the peak upgrade window.

Getting to 90 million

During the first quarter of fiscal 2016 -- last year's holiday quarter -- Apple sold 74.8 million iPhones: roughly in line with its sales a year earlier. iPhone unit sales would need to rise a little more than 20% year over year to reach 90 million in Q1 of fiscal 2017. This may seem like an impossible task, but it's more realistic than you might think.

First, Q1 of fiscal 2017 will be a 14-week quarter for Apple. In each of the last two holiday quarters, Apple has sold more than 5.7 million iPhones per week. Thus, the extra week alone would push iPhone sales above 80 million, even if the weekly sales rate didn't change.

Second, Apple could have sold significantly more iPhones in Q1 of fiscal 2015 if it had been able to build them fast enough. Even at the end of the quarter, it still faced a supply shortage. With two years of experience selling 75 million iPhones in a quarter, Apple should be better prepared to ramp up production to meet demand this fall.

Thus, Apple doesn't need extremely fast growth in demand to sell 90 million iPhones this fall. A weekly sales rate 5%-10% above the underlying demand trend from two years ago would be enough, given that Apple will be better prepared on the supply side and will have an extra week.

Will Apple see the necessary demand growth? There's a pretty good chance it will. While the upgrade rate is slowing, the iPhone installed base has increased by 80% over the past two years, creating a huge pool of potential upgraders.

In addition, Apple continues to attract a steady stream of Android-switchers and first-time smartphone buyers. The recently launched iPhone SE could help Apple maintain that momentum this fall by offering a smaller screen size and lower price point.

The widespread feeling of despair that has sunk Apple shares about 30% below their 52-week high could therefore turn into another round of euphoria later this year. History shows that Apple investors should be suspicious of either extreme in sentiment. Apple Inc. shares reach ex-dividend as it gears up to distribute $2.9 billion ... On May 12, Apple will pay shareholders of record a quarterly dividend of $0.57 per share, but investors must have had settled ownership of the company's stock by Monday May 9 in order to qualify. Apple will pay out $2.9 billion in dividends on its outstanding shares for the quarter.



AAPL Buybacks



Capital Return AAPL Q2 2016

AAPL Buyback History

Apple expects its stock to recover and appreciate to much higher levels

Apple shares outstanding Q2 2016. Source: YCharts.com





Despite massive buybacks, Apple still has a growing pile of cash

Apple has been paying its shareholders a dividend about a month and a half after the end of each fiscal quarter ever since it declared its modern dividend plan in the summer of 2012.The May dividend will be the eighth to occur since the company issued a 7-for-1 stock split . That split also converted the dividend from $3.29 per share to 47 cents per share, which Apple subsequently increased last year to 52 cents.May's dividend will be the first 57 cent dividend Apple has paid since it announced plans to increase its dividend from 52 cents during its Q2 2016 earnings conference call.Over the past four quarters, Apple has paid out around $12 billion in dividends to its shareholders, distributing close to $3 billion every quarter, although that number has decreased slightly in tandem with the company's stock buybacks.Dividends are a minority portion of Apple's shareholder capital return program, the majority of which has been earmarked for buying back outstanding shares.Buybacks increase the scarcity, and therefore value, of Apple's stock by taking shares off the market and retiring them. Removing shares from circulation also enhances the company's closely-watched earnings per share metrics. Over the last four quarters, Apple has repurchased $37 billion worth of its stock off the market or via accelerated repurchase programs, with $7 billion of that spent in the most recent quarter ending in March.In total, Apple has spent $117 billion on stock buybacks since initiating its capital return program, including an opportunistic $14 billion share grab initiated after the stock plunged more than 8 percent last January following the company's holiday Q1 release which detailed its highest ever quarterly revenues and operating profits--results that the tech media depicted as " disappointing ."This happened again last summer after Apple announced record earnings in June but market players raised the fearsome prospect of weak sales in China. Apple's shares again tanked, enabling the company to opportunistically snatch up $14 billion of its own shares at what was then the lowest point in 2015.Apple subsequently announced blockbuster earnings for the holiday Q4, particularly in China where revenue nearly doubled and iPhone sales grew by 87 percent in a market that only grew by 4 percent (meaning that outside of Apple, the market for smartphones had actually contracted). Apple also guided for growth higher than analysts were expecting. That correction in intelligence sent Apple's stock up a relatively meager few percent, followed by a massive collapse resulting from new rumors of supplier cuts that were interpreted as representing a massive decline in iPhone demand.However, those rumors did not materialize in Q1 results. Instead, Apple provided guidance for Q2 to indicate a much smaller decline year over year than the rumors had anticipated. Even so, Apple's shares have continued to fall to levels not seen since the summer of 2014, before iPhone 6--the most popular and massively successful computing device ever sold--appeared.Against earlier predictions, iPhone 6s similar sales in the winter quarter, while Apple's valuation returned to the days of iPhone 5/5s. Over the March quarter, Apple's global sales of iPhones, iPad and Macs were all lower than the year ago quarter, with the company attributed to a difficult economic climate and very unfavorable exchange rates across most of its international regions.Combined with dividend payments and net share settlements, Apple has spent about $163 billion on capital return since mid 2012; it plans to return a total of $250 billion over the next six quarters. That means Apple has nearly $65 billion already allocated to spend on buying back its stock at today's extremely low prices.Prior to its 2014 stock split, Apple spent about $50 billion buying back shares at prices ranging from around $50 to $90. Since the stock split, Apple has repurchased shares at prices from $100 to $130 per share, significantly higher than the current stock price hovering around $93--indicating that Apple expects its stock to recover and appreciate to much higher levels; it just increased its buyback program again.Those post-split buybacks include a surprising $17 billion of its own stock in the September 2014 quarter; $5 billion of stock in open market purchases during its December 2014 quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q1 2015); another $7 billion of stock in open market purchases during its March quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q2 2015); another $4 billion of stock in open market purchases and $6 billion in Accelerated Share Repurchase in the June quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q3 2015); followed by an astounding $14 billion of stock in open market purchases in the September quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q4 2015) and 6.9 billion in the most recent December quarter.The relatively conservative (for Apple) $6.9 billion spent on buybacks in the December quarter and $7 billion spent during the March quarter suggests that the company hesitated to buy up large numbers of shares, and instead reserved its allocated buyback funds to spend in the current quarter instead, in anticipation of much lower stock prices.As of April 8, 2016, the company now has 5.477 billion shares outstanding Since the start of 2014, Apple shares are up 16.6 percent, compared to Microsoft's 36.6 percent gain or Google's 29.3 percent gain in nonvoting GOOG C class shares and 32.1 percent gain in standard GOOGL A class shares. Google split its shares into the two classes and awarded investors one of each, effectively stripping investors of half their voting rights through the "dividend" dilution.Since the beginning of 2015, Apple shares are down 20.72 percent, compared to Microsoft's 345.2 percent gain or Google's 35.2 percent gain in nonvoting GOOG C class shares and 36.5 percent gain in standard GOOGL A class shares.Apple is currently using much of its domestic U.S. cash flow to finance stock buybacks and dividend payments, and is also issuing bonds at extremely low interest rates to help pay for its capital return programs.It currently holds $209 billion of its total $233 billion in cash reserves overseas; spending those funds domestically would incur a substantial tax penalty unless the U.S. Congress approves a tax break to enable and incentivize American firms to invest their foreign earnings in America.In October 2013, after four months of investigation of Apple's foreign earnings and taxes, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ended its inquiry without plans to take any further action after finding no evidence of wrongdoing by the company.Investors generally view cash as bad for companies to hoard (due to low returns from conservative investments), but Apple can't currently distribute more cash to shareholders without incurring a substantial U.S. tax penalty.That has made Apple's vast cash holdings a convenient problem to have, because it enables the company to borrow at interest rates very close to zero for domestic investment and capital returns to shareholders while still maintaining vast market power to make long term component deals and strategic investments ranging from acquisitions to expansions of its retail network and its production capabilities.Apple reported that it expects to invest $15 billion in infrastructure, tooling, retail and other capital expenditures in fiscal 2016. Apple: Positioning For Growth In India  
2016-05-13
Apple invests $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing Jean Liu, the president of Didi Chuxing, formerly known as Didi Kuaidi, answers questions at a news conference in Beijing, China, January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo

An Apple store is seen in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 22, 2016. Apple Inc (AAPL) will report its second quarter results April 26. Picture taken April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson

A taxi driver is reflected in a side mirror as he uses the Didi Chuxing car-hailing application in Beijing, China, September 22, 2015. REUTERS/Jason Lee

Apple Inc (AAPL.O) said on Thursday it has invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing, a move that Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said would help the company better understand the critical Chinese market.

The tech giant's rare investment gives it a stake in two burgeoning waves of technology - the sharing economy and car technology - as the iPhone business that propelled it to record profitability shows signs of maturing.

Apple is trying to reinvigorate sales in China, where it has come under greater pressure from regulators, and Cook is traveling to the country this month.

The move aligns Apple with Uber Technologies Inc's chief rival in China, as automakers and technology companies forge new alliances and make cross investments. General Motors (GM.N), for example, recently bought autonomous driving technology company Cruise Automation and has also taken a stake in U.S. ride-sharing company Lyft.

Cook said in an interview that he saw opportunities for Apple and Didi Chuxing to collaborate in the future.

"We are making the investment for a number of strategic reasons, including a chance to learn more about certain segments of the China market," he said. "Of course, we believe it will deliver a strong return for our invested capital over time as well."

Didi Chuxing, formerly known as Didi Kuaidi, said in a statement that this was the single largest investment it has ever received. The company, which previously raised several billion dollars, dominates the ride-sharing market in China. The company said it completes more than 11 million rides a day, with more than 87 percent of the market for private car-hailing in China.

Though Didi Chuxing is valued at upwards of $20 billion, according to a person familiar with its ongoing funding round, the company has been losing billions in a costly battle with Uber for market share in China.

"CONFIDENCE IN CHINA"

Analysts say the deal offers a glimpse of how Apple may diversify its business as sales of the iPhone level off. Apple has emphasized its burgeoning revenue from services such as Apple Music and mobile payment Apple Pay, a strategy that the ride-sharing investment appears to reinforce, said analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy.

"After all the hints about the service business and what they would like to do in the future, it s all starting to fit together," he said.

Investors are eagerly watching to see whether Apple will enter the automotive business. Apple has hired a wide range of automotive experts, and the company is exploring building a self-driving car, sources have told Reuters.

Cook said Apple remained focused on the in-car experience with its CarPlay system, which links smartphones to vehicle infotainment systems.

 That is what we do today in the car business, so we will have to see what the future holds," he said.

Although Apple's sales in China have slumped amid slowing economic growth there, Cook stressed he remained confident in the market.

"(The deal) reflects our excitement about their growing business ... and also our continued confidence in the long term in China s economy," Cook said.

Apple has enjoyed warmer relations with the Chinese government than some American tech companies, but regulators recently shut down its online book and film services, triggering concerns among investors. The true value of Apple's investment in Didi might be in shoring up that relationship, said analyst Ben Bajarin of Creative Strategies.

"This is as much about sending signals about their seriousness in that country as it is about helping Didi build a ride-sharing platform," he said.

Didi Chuxing is a poster child for Chinese technology, a critical sector in Beijing's goal to shift the economy toward higher-value services.

Didi Chuxing executives have met with some of China's top leaders, including President Xi Jinping last December.

Jean Liu, Didi's president, is the daughter of Liu Chuanzhi, the politically connected founder of Chinese computer maker Lenovo Group Ltd (0992.HK).

"There's a lot of things we can work on together," she said when asked whether Didi Chuxing would help Apple's government relations in China.

(Reporting by Julia Love; Additional reporting by Paul Carsten in Beijing and Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Leslie Adler and Will Waterman) Apple Backs Didi With $1 Billion in Blow to Uber in China Apple Inc. is investing $1 billion in Didi, giving the Chinese ride-hailing startup a powerful ally and dealing a blow to Uber Technologies Inc. as it tries to build its business in the country.

The iPhone maker will help Didi build up a ride-sharing platform that handles more than 11 million rides a day and serves about 300 million users across China, Didi said in a statement on Friday. Didi s funding round has now reached $3 billion and the company is valued at about $26 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified as the matter is private.

QuickTake The Sharing Economy

Uber is spending millions to try and catch Didi in China yet its business in the country is just a fraction of its local rival, which covers more cities with a bigger fleet of cars. Both companies are in an expensive battle for market share, raising capital needed to recruit drivers and subsidize customer fares.

 Didi s a good partner to have, it s a good operator, and could provide additional collaboration with Alibaba and Tencent,  said Chi Tsang, an analyst at HSBC Securities Asia Ltd.

Prior to adding Apple, Didi had been in the process of raising more than $2 billion at a valuation of about $25 billion, people familiar with the matter have said. The company already has backing from Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Tencent Holdings Ltd., the country s two largest Internet companies. For a quick look at five things investors should know about Didi, click here.

Didi didn t respond to queries about its funding round and valuation.

Didi, formally known as Xiaoju Kuaizhi Inc., was created last year when separate apps backed by Tencent and Alibaba merged. It now operates in 400 Chinese cities with 14 million registered drivers, offering services from taxis and private cars to social ride sharing and test driving.

Uber, the world s most valuable startup, has set a target of operating in 100 Chinese cities this year. The company has said its able to support its China push because its making $1 billion annual profit from its 30 largest global markets. Uber didn t respond to e-mailed requests for comment.

Travis Kalanick, Uber s chief executive officer, responded to the news by noting a new personal connection to Didi.

 girlfiend owns @apple shares which makes her a didi investor,  he said in a post on his verified Twitter account.

Uber has battled regulatory and legal issues since its founding. In California it agreed to shell out as much as $100 million to drivers, services in Sweden shut down amid a battle with regulators while its often met with protests from taxi drivers when it enters a new market.

Apple s investment comes as the iPhone maker is under pressure to find other markets to expand in as its main smartphone business slows. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has highlighted higher-margin services as a growth area and suggested he would use some of its $200 billion-plus cash hoard for investments.

 Didi exemplifies the innovation taking place in the iOS developer community in China,  Cook said in the Chinese company s statement.  We are extremely impressed by the business they ve built and their excellent leadership team, and we look forward to supporting them as they grow. 

The company is Uber s most potent rival and has formed an international coalition with Lyft Inc. in the U.S., India s Ola and Southeast Asia s Grab to fight the globally expanding San Francisco firm. Apple invests $1 bln in Didi Chuxing  

