2017-04-05
Apple, Inc. Earnings: Can the Tech Giant Live Up to a Higher Stock Price? Mark your calendar. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has just set the date for its second-quarter results. On May 2, investors will get a timely glimpse into the company's recent performance.

With Apple stock hitting new highs ahead of the earnings release, can the tech company live up to higher expectations from investors? Here are some key areas to watch when Apple reports its Q2 earnings early next month.

Will iPhone sales continue upward?

After three quarters in a row of declining iPhone sales, the segment's revenue finally turned upward in the company's most recent quarter. iPhone unit sales and iPhone revenue were up 5% year over year in Apple's first quarter of fiscal 2017. Going into Apple's second quarter, investors will be looking for a similar trend in iPhone sales.

Based on Apple's guidance for second-quarter revenue to be between $51.5 billion and $53.5 billion, management is likely expecting year-over-year growth in iPhone sales to persist during the quarter. This guidance implies overall revenue of about 3.4%, using the midpoint of Apple's guidance range, compared to Apple's $50.6 billion in revenue in the year-ago quarter. Considering that the iPhone accounted for 64% of Apple's trailing-12-month revenue, Apple's iPhone sales are a major determinant of the direction of the company's overall revenue, and thus a key determinant in management's guidance.

It's time for a dividend increase

Apple is expected to give investors an update on its capital return program alongside its second-quarter earnings release, as management has done in previous years. With the program consisting of both Apple's dividend and its share repurchase authorization, investors should look for management to update investors on both.

As for Apple's dividend, investors should look for a dividend increase in the range of 8% to 15% -- in line with the company's dividend increases in the past four years.

Perhaps even more important than Apple's dividend increase will be management's plans for share repurchases. Historically, Apple has opted to give more weight to share repurchases than dividends.

Indeed, since the company initiated its dividend in 2012, Apple has spent $144 billion buying back its own shares and $51 billion paying dividends. However, with Apple stock rising about 25% in the past 12 months, it's possible that management will choose to give more emphasis to dividends than it has in the past.

Looking ahead

Another key area investors won't want to miss is Apple's guidance for its third quarter of fiscal 2017. With Apple only recently returning to revenue growth, the company's ability to grow its business is still in the spotlight.

Apple's third quarter will be particularly interesting because, while Apple's iPhone 7 is still fairly new, the smartphone's overall form factor is several years old, dating back to the company's iPhone 6 launch in 2014. Will an aging iPhone design continue to drive growth for Apple? Further, investors will be looking to see if Apple's rapidly growing services segment can grow to represent an even larger portion of sales and, in turn, help Apple's overall revenue.

Based on how successful the iPhone 7 has been so far, and on the company's success with growing its services revenue, investors should expect Apple to guide for yet another quarter of year-over-year growth.

Apple reports its second-quarter results after market close on May 2 and will host a live quarterly conference call to discuss results with analysts at 5:00 p.m. PST. Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7 Display Compares Favorably With Samsung Galaxy S8's Raymond Soneira, a leading display expert, recently published his tests of the display found on the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S8. Soneira says the Galaxy S8 "becomes the best performing smartphone display, earning DisplayMate's highest ever A+ grade."

Although the display is quite impressive and looks gorgeous in person, digging deeper into DisplayMate's test results for the S8's display, as well as its tests of the iPhone 7's display, reveals that the display found on Apple's six-month-old flagship can hold its own with Samsung's best in several important ways.

The many ways the iPhone 7 display beats out the Galaxy S8's

There are many ways the display found on the iPhone 7 handily beats out the one found on the Galaxy S8.

First, the iPhone display is brighter. Soneira's measures the peak brightness of the Galaxy S8's display when the screen is completely white at 405 nits, while at 50% average picture level and 1% full screen white, the S8's display achieves 460 nits and 565 nits, respectively.

These are solid results, but the iPhone 7 achieves peak brightness of 602 nits -- that's without automatic brightness -- no matter the content. This is one of the advantages of LCDs: Peak brightness doesn't depend on the content as it does with OLEDs.

It's worth noting that with automatic brightness, the iPhone 7's display achieves peak brightness of 705 nits, while the S8's display can hit between 575 nits and 1020 nits.

Beyond brightness, the iPhone display appears to be quite a bit more color accurate. For example, the average color error within the DCI-P3 color gamut on the S8's display is 2.7, with the largest color error being 5.9. In contrast, the iPhone 7 display manages an average color error of just 1.0 under the DCI-P3 color gamut, with the maximum error coming in at 2.6.

That's not all, though. Soneira's tests show that the iPhone 7's display achieves an average gamma of 2.21, which he says is "excellent" and "very close to 2.20 standard." The S8's display, on the other hand, achieves an average gamma of 2.36, which Soneira says is "very good" but "slightly too high."

As far as viewing angles are concerned, the iPhone 7's display seems to have the Galaxy S8's beaten out. In terms of white point color shift, the iPhone 7 achieves a 0.8 JNCD (that stands for "just noticeable color difference"), and as far as primary color shifts and color shifts for "color mixtures" goes, the iPhone 7's display achieves JNCD values of 1.5 and 2.1, respectively.

The S8's display, on the other hand, sees a white point, primary color, and color mixture shifts of 1.8, 4.8, and 3.2, respectively. These figures are "excellent," "very good," and "very good," respectively, according to Soneira, but the iPhone clearly delivers better results.

The S8 is probably a "better" display, but Apple deserves credit

Apple appears to have built truly excellent displays for its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and in several ways, those displays are -- according to DisplayMate's tests -- better than even Samsung's shiny new displays.

Nevertheless, Samsung's S8 display has many advantages of its own, including the infinite contrast ratio afforded to it by being OLED based, as well as the attractive curved, full-face design with minimal bezel.

In terms of what is likely to really catch consumers' eyes, the S8's display is obviously much more interesting than the ones found on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However, credit where it's due -- Apple built some extremely fine displays for its current flagships that, objectively, still hold their own many months after launch.

The same couldn't really be said about the displays found on Apple's iPhone 6 or iPhone 6s series of smartphones, which to me signals a fundamental improvement in Apple's competitive positioning with respect to display performance and quality. Time to Sell Apple Innovation and valuation   Apple Inc. AAPL   Macpro imac

I have been back and forth on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) many times in this blog. One constant theme, however, has been that the company needs to innovate aggressively on all fronts. With the stock price at record highs and, in my view, innovation at a low point, the risk-return trade off from owning the stock has turned markedly negative.

Apple finally did come clean today and admit that the company dropped the ball on the MacPro, but not until more than three years had passed. During those three years, the company basically deserted the high-end creative users who relied on Macs and sang their praises. Though not as long in the tooth as the MacPro, the iMac is long overdue for a major upgrade. Microsoft s new Surface Studio far surpasses the iMac. That s right Microsoft is making better more innovative computers than Apple! Even the new Mac books, though beautiful computers, did not break much new ground and Microsoft is gaining in that space too with its Surface Books and Tablets.

iPad innovation has also slowed. The only innovative feature of the model that was introduced last month was the price.

You might say,  who cares,  Apple makes most of its money on the iPhone. But the iPhone is a computer. In my opinion, all the products fit together and make up a  computer culture.  That culture should lead to innovation on all fronts. At Apple that no longer appears to be the case. Apple Inc. Censoring China-Critical Satire Show in Hong Kong and Taiwan China Uncensored, a New York-based comedy channel that satirizes Chinese politics, society, and international relations, has been removed from Apple TV s app store in Hong Kong and Taiwan as well as mainland China despite the former two regions enjoying political autonomy from Beijing.

Running about a dozen episodes a month and hosted by California native Chris Chappell, China Uncensored is distributed by NTD Television, a  non-profit television station founded by Chinese Americans to be an alternative voice to China s state-run propaganda media,  as described in a press release.

NTD Television is part of Epoch Media Group, which The Epoch Times is also part of.

China Uncensored has about 400,000 YouTube subscribers, primarily in North America, but also claims a significant and growing following in the Asia-Pacific region. Its style is often likened to American political comedy shows like The Daily Show or The Colbert Report.

The five-year-old channel has covered many sensitive facets of the Chinese Communist Party, such as its foreign espionage, its suppression of dissidents, and its persecution of religious and ethnic minorities.

Now the world s biggest company, Apple Inc. sells a greater number of iPhones in China than any other country. It is not clear if Apple blocked China Uncensored in Hong Kong and Taiwan to further mollify the communist authorities of whom the show is often critical or if the move comes as a blanket coverage of regions claimed as Chinese sovereign territory.

 Is Apple so scared of the Chinese Communist Party that it would censor China Uncensored in Hong Kong and Taiwan, just in case?  asked Chappell in a video.  Or is Apple just confused about which places belong to China and this was all an accident? They should probably consult a lawyer, like we ve done. 

China Uncensored has launched a petition asking viewers to call on Apple to restore the show to the Apple TV app store in Hong Kong and Taiwan. 1 Obvious Way Apple Inc. Is Leaving Money on the Table Later this year, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is expected to launch its much-rumored premium iPhone with an OLED display. The phone itself, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, is expected to fit in a physical footprint like that of today's 4.7-inch iPhone. The cool part, though, is that Apple is reportedly going to fit a full 5.8-inch OLED display in that footprint.

Continue Reading Below

Now, Kuo says that not all that 5.8 inches of the display will be what he refers to as "active display area." Indeed, a sizable portion of the display will be dedicated to what he refers to as an "area for functions (e.g., allocation of virtual buttons),"leaving just 5.2 inches of active display area.

Image source: Apple.

This all sounds good, and I think the phone has the potential to do quite well in the marketplace, even at a relatively high price compared with the "standard" iPhone models. However, I can't help thinking there's one obvious omission from Apple's upcoming product lineup.

Where's the big OLED iPhone?

When Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) announced its Galaxy S8 series of devices, it rolled out two models. The first, known as the Galaxy S8, features a 5.8-inch full-face OLED display. This model, Samsung says, will sell for $720.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

Samsung also offers a higher-end variant, called the Galaxy S8+, which includes a larger 6.2-inch full-face OLED display. The company charges $840 for this one -- a hefty $120 premium.

Apple is expected to charge north of $1,000 for the upcoming OLED iPhone, and to be blunt, I think the company will still see robust demand for the device in that price range. However, I can't help thinking Apple is leaving money on the table by not planning a larger option alongside the 5.8-inch option -- say, 6.2 inches.

Such a device could command a premium over the "standard" OLED iPhone and, with the right additional features, could be a strong seller. The ultimate impact from the introduction of such a product would be a richer product mix with higher iPhone average selling prices and potentially higher total profits, too.

Maybe that'll be next cycle's trick

What Apple could potentially do is save such a larger premium iPhone for its next product cycle. After all, once this year's OLED iPhone hits, Apple will need to come up with ways to make next year's products compelling enough to spur iPhone upgrades and capture more premium smartphone share.

Going forward, I could see Apple releasing not one, two, or even three new smartphones per year, but at least four: the two "standard" iPhone models -- the successors to the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus -- and two "premium" iPhone models.

Apple could conceivably endow such a larger premium iPhone variant with even more features than it can fit in the bill of materials of the smaller premium iPhone. Such a device would certainly be quite expensive -- at least as smartphones go, anyway -- but I suspect a large segment of the iPhone buying population would be willing to pay more just to have the very best features and technologies.

After all, that's the thinking behind this year's OLED iPhone, right?

10 stocks we like better than Apple

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017



Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7 Display Compares Favorably With Samsung Galaxy S8s Raymond Soneira, a leading display expert, recently published his tests of the display found on the Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) Galaxy S8. Soneira says the Galaxy S8 "becomes the best performing smartphone display, earning DisplayMate's highest ever A+ grade."

Continue Reading Below

Although the display is quite impressive and looks gorgeous in person, digging deeper into DisplayMate's test results for the S8's display, as well as its tests of the iPhone 7's display, reveals that the display found on Apple's six-month-old flagship can hold its own with Samsung's best in several important ways.

Image source: Apple.

The many ways the iPhone 7 display beats out the Galaxy S8's

There are many ways the display found on the iPhone 7 handily beats out the one found on the Galaxy S8.

First, the iPhone display is brighter. Soneira's measures the peak brightness of the Galaxy S8's display when the screen is completely white at 405 nits, while at 50% average picture level and 1% full screen white, the S8's display achieves 460 nits and 565 nits, respectively.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

These are solid results, but the iPhone 7 achieves peak brightness of 602 nits -- that's without automatic brightness -- no matter the content. This is one of the advantages of LCDs: Peak brightness doesn't depend on the content as it does with OLEDs.

It's worth noting that with automatic brightness, the iPhone 7's display achieves peak brightness of 705 nits, while the S8's display can hit between 575 nits and 1020 nits.

Beyond brightness, the iPhone display appears to be quite a bit more color accurate. For example, the average color error within the DCI-P3 color gamut on the S8's display is 2.7, with the largest color error being 5.9. In contrast, the iPhone 7 display manages an average color error of just 1.0 under the DCI-P3 color gamut, with the maximum error coming in at 2.6.

That's not all, though. Soneira's tests show that the iPhone 7's display achieves an average gamma of 2.21, which he says is "excellent" and "very close to 2.20 standard." The S8's display, on the other hand, achieves an average gamma of 2.36, which Soneira says is "very good" but "slightly too high."

As far as viewing angles are concerned, the iPhone 7's display seems to have the Galaxy S8's beaten out. In terms of white point color shift, the iPhone 7 achieves a 0.8 JNCD (that stands for "just noticeable color difference"), and as far as primary color shifts and color shifts for "color mixtures" goes, the iPhone 7's display achieves JNCD values of 1.5 and 2.1, respectively.

The S8's display, on the other hand, sees a white point, primary color, and color mixture shifts of 1.8, 4.8, and 3.2, respectively. These figures are "excellent," "very good," and "very good," respectively, according to Soneira, but the iPhone clearly delivers better results.

The S8 is probably a "better" display, but Apple deserves credit

Apple appears to have built truly excellent displays for its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and in several ways, those displays are -- according to DisplayMate's tests -- better than even Samsung's shiny new displays.

Nevertheless, Samsung's S8 display has many advantages of its own, including the infinite contrast ratio afforded to it by being OLED based, as well as the attractive curved, full-face design with minimal bezel.

In terms of what is likely to really catch consumers' eyes, the S8's display is obviously much more interesting than the ones found on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However, credit where it's due -- Apple built some extremely fine displays for its current flagships that, objectively, still hold their own many months after launch.

The same couldn't really be said about the displays found on Apple's iPhone 6 or iPhone 6s series of smartphones, which to me signals a fundamental improvement in Apple's competitive positioning with respect to display performance and quality.

10 stocks we like better than Apple

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017



Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. New Apple Watch will reportedly launch in the second half of 2017 Apple is reportedly gearing up to launch a new Apple Watch, presumably the Apple Watch Series 3, during the second half of this year.

DigiTimes, which keeps its ear close to the ground within the tech giant's supply chain, said Wednesday that Chinese company Compal Electronics will start to shoulder some of the Apple Watch Series 2 manufacturing, which is currently built entirely by Quanta Computer, also in China. Compal reportedly decided to help manufacture Apple Watch units after a decline in demand for laptop computer manufacturing.

The report suggests that Quanta Computer will continue to handle manufacturing of Apple's new Apple Watch Series 3, which DigiTimes said will launch during the second half of this year.

DigiTimes can be hit or miss when it comes to supply chain rumors, but the second half release of an Apple Watch Series 3 makes sense.

Apple introduced the Apple Watch Series 2 in September 2016 and Apple typically launches new products on an annual cycle. We're expecting Apple's new iPhones in September and, given the Apple Watch's status as a primary iPhone accessory, it wouldn't be out of the question for Apple to introduce the device side by side.

It did that last year when it unveiled the Apple Watch Series 2 and the iPhone 7, after all. The Technical Chart For Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Speaking Volumes Apple Inc. (AAPL) is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching AAPL. Traders who rely only on fundamentals do themselves a great disservice, often missing out on the better upside inherent in a stock. This is why technical charts are important.

AAPL s most recent trading session saw the stock achieve a high of $144.89 and a low of $143.17. The high in the most recent session compares favorably to the established 52-week high of $144.50 which was set by AAPL on 04/04/17. The recent low represents a +61.81% since 05/12/16 which is a good sign for traders looking to capitalize on the stock s upside. The current trading pattern for the stock is very telling when one looks at the overall sentiment of analysts. Presently there is a target price of $146.49 set for AAPL, a figure which is below the most recent high set by the stock. The stock also has a beta of 1.17. Since the beta is greater than 1, it can be interpreted that the stock is theoretically more volatile than the market   something traders will surely be keeping an eye on.

More robust technical indicators are now starting to emerge for the stock and these are very helpful for traders looking to make a strong assessment of the stock s upside. Both the Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures have come into play for AAPL. Based on current readings for AAPL, the 14-day RSI is 74.53%. This suggests that AAPL is Currently overbought and may have peaked, creating a chance for a price reversal. The stochastic reading is also very revealing based on current readings. In this case, AAPL has a stochastic reading of 92.15%. This suggests AAPL is overbought at current levels. AAPL also paints a compelling picture via its 50 and 200 SMAs. AAPL, based on the current trend can be considered bullish. This sentiment has created an attitude towards the stock which can be reasonably said to be positive.

Traders can bolster their view of a stock s upside by taking a keen look at other technicals in support of the ones explored above. AAPL s +5.25 has created a positive sentiment when measured over the past 30 days. AAPL has outperformed the S&P 500 by 20.48. This, has concluded initially, has created higher volatility levels when compared to other stocks in the same sector. Historical volatility for AAPL is showing a reading of 11.05%. AAPL also presents with an Average True Range reading of 1.07. AAPL has demonstrated through its technical indicators, the sentiment of the markets towards its upside. These signals should be taken seriously by traders who have an interest in the stock. 
2017-04-06
Can Apple Inc. Charge Over $1000 for Its OLED iPhone 8? In a recent note (by way of MacRumors), analyst Steve Milunovich with UBS said that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) tends to price its devices "quite competitively." He therefore thinks that Apple isn't likely to "stray far from the price point of Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) most expensive [smartphone] model at $840-$850," with its upcoming premium OLED iPhone 8.

He further goes on to say that although the variant of the OLED iPhone with 256 GB of storage could run customers between $950 and $1,000, the entry-level version should come in at "only" between $850 and $900.

Although I get the point that Milunovich is making here, I'm not convinced that the company will price its upcoming flagship device so "cheaply."

This is supposed to be the ultimate iPhone

Apple has built great smartphones for years, but it has been fundamentally limited in what kinds of technologies that it can bring to market with each new device. Apple sells phones in quantities that other smartphone vendors can only dream of, and it enjoys per-device gross profit margins that dwarf those of many competitors.

Those are fundamentally good things, but they're also pretty limiting -- Apple needs to be sure that it builds phones that can be manufactured in extremely high volumes while simultaneously being manufactured with low-enough cost structures that it can maintain its desired high margins at the price points that it sells its phones.

Those restrictions certainly limit what Apple can afford to include in its devices.

By moving the price up with the premium iPhone -- and, to be clear, a move to $1,000 for the base model would be a significant step up -- Apple gains breathing room in the bill-of-materials cost. What this means is that it can build a fundamentally more expensive phone, but the idea is that those cost adders make for a much more attractive phone and that Apple can successfully charge a nice premium for it.

I think Apple wants to build what is essentially the ultimate iPhone and, in fact, the ultimate smartphone without worrying too much about potential cost constraints.

Justifying $1,000-plus pricing

I suspect that Apple will limit this premium iPhone to 128 GB and 256 GB storage configurations -- just as it did with the jet black iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. I also think that $1,000 for the 128 GB model and $1,150 for the 256 GB model could be reasonable price points given the potential level of innovation that this product may deliver.

Indeed, if Apple keeps the pricing of its standard iPhone models the same as they are currently, then $1,000 for a hypothetical 128 GB premium iPhone would represent just a $131 premium over the hypothetical 128 GB iPhone 7s Plus.

That $131 would, if the rumors are to be believed, buy the user quite a lot. The OLED display would improve the viewing experience on the device, the form factor is likely to be much more convenient, the device sleeker looking, and the addition of 3D sensing capabilities could enable interesting new usage models, too.

I think $1,000-plus pricing for the premium OLED iPhone 8, assuming that the device turns out to be fully loaded with intriguing new features and a phenomenal aesthetic, would be more than fair. Report: Apple Inc.'s Premium OLED iPhone 8 Could Be Delayed DigiTimes, citing a report from Economic Daily News, says evidence is mounting that Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) upcoming premium OLED iPhone 8 might not launch in September. Instead, thanks to "technical issues related to the lamination process of curved OLED panels," as well as "the adoption of a 3D sensing system," could cause the new phones to arrive in either October or November.

Continue Reading Below

DigiTimes further goes on to note, once again citing the Economic Daily News report, that "market sources" are keeping an eye out for "the pull-in for passive components from the iPhone's supply chain to see whether production of the new devices is on track."

Image source: Apple.

What if the new iPhone is delayed?

Given that the upcoming OLED iPhone is seemingly shaping up to be a technical tour de force, it's probably not too far-fetched to believe that the new device could be delayed. After all, the new technology Apple is bringing to this device is clearly difficult to build, and considering the demand that Apple is reportedly expecting for this new model, Apple probably isn't going to want to launch this new device until it can prepare a lot of them for initial shipment.

The bad news -- if the launch of the new device is delayed -- is that Apple clearly won't begin recognizing revenue for its newest phones as early as it has in previous years. That could make year-over-year comparisons a bit messy.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

Remember, Apple tends to ship some next-generation iPhone models at the end of the fourth quarter of a given fiscal year, with most of the initial sales rush happening in the first quarter of the following fiscal year.

If the launch of the iPhone 8 is pushed out into, say, October, then the fourth quarter of the current fiscal year might come in a little lighter than many expect, but then the first quarter of the following fiscal year could be more robust than what one would typically expect.

Things could get quite messy, though, if Apple doesn't launch the new OLED iPhone until sometime in November. Not only would initial revenue that would have been recognized at the tail end of the current fiscal year be pushed out, but a substantial amount of revenue that would have been recognized in the first quarter of the following fiscal year, typically Apple's peak quarter, would be pushed out, too.

That could really mess with Apple's seasonal revenue trends.

Moreover, if Apple is late to getting its new OLED iPhone out, then that could lead potential buyers of the new phone to opt for alternative devices with, perhaps, similar feature sets.

What Apple needs to do

If Apple won't be able to ship the new OLED iPhone in serious quantities until October or November, it should still announce it and take pre-orders for it when the other iPhone models -- presumably called the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus -- go up for sale.

Taking pre-orders probably wouldn't change the dynamics of any revenue push out, but it could serve to stem any potential order losses to competing devices resulting from the push-out, and it would help prevent potential customers from just buying one of the cheaper iPhone models, negatively affecting Apple's product mix.

Delays aren't ideal, but in this case they wouldn't be the end of the world. Building state-of-the-art devices in mass quantities isn't easy, but as long as the company has a killer product on its hands and as long as it lets customers pre-order it ahead of mass availability, everything should work out all right.

10 stocks we like better than Apple

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017



Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Australian regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' FILE PHOTO: Customers and employees are shown through Apple's Australian flagship store in Sydney, September 7, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Reed

FILE PHOTO: A customer tries on a new iPhone 7 Plus in Australia's flagship Apple store in Sydney, September 16, 2016 as the iPhone 7 range goes on sale for the first time. REUTERS/Jason Reed

SYDNEY Australia's consumer watchdog has sued Apple Inc (AAPL.O) alleging it used a software update to disable iPhones which had cracked screens fixed by third parties.

The U.S. technology giant "bricked" - or disabled with a software update - hundreds of smartphones and tablet devices, and then refused to unlock them on the grounds that customers had had the devices serviced by non-Apple repairers, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said in a court filing.

"Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," ACCC Chairman Rod Sims said in a statement.

An Apple spokeswoman did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment.

The regulator said that between September 2014 and February 2016, Apple customers who downloaded software updates then connected their devices to their computers received a message saying the device "could not be restored and the device had stopped functioning".

Customers then asked Apple to fix their devices, only to be told by the company that "no Apple entity ... was required to, or would, provide a remedy" for free, the documents added.

Apple engaged in "misleading or deceptive conduct and made false or misleading representations to consumers" about its software updates and customers' rights to have their products repaired by the company, the commission said.

As well as fines, the ACCC said it was seeking injunctions, declarations, compliance program orders, corrective notices, and costs.

The lawsuit was filed late on Wednesday, a week after the consumer watchdog granted Apple a win by denying Australia's banks the right to introduce a mobile payment system to rival its Apple Wallet.

(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates) Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) New iPhone Gimmicks Could Be a Magnet for Gross Margin ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is set up to make a grand splash with its most elaborately high-tech production yet: the iPhone 8. Maxim looks ahead to the exciting capabilities of the new iPhone, but highlights concerns that with jazzed up elements come gross margin pressure risks. For the analyst, Apple s upcoming iPhone launch boils down to a question of gimmick versus material cost increases- and time will tell if he continues to stay bullish on the stock. Meanwhile, how good do Netflix, Inc. s (NASDAQ:NFLX) international prospects look? Following Piper Jaffray s international survey testing the waters for NFLX s potential to expand its worldwide mark, to put it simply: very. Let s take a closer look:

Apple s Tricky Tango Between Gadgetry and Elevated Material Costs

Though Maxim analyst Nehal Chokshi expects Apple s long-term dance into Augmented Reality to be compelling as the iPhone 8 tacks on fancy new features, he keeps a watchful eye on gross margin pressure along the way. While new iPhone gadgetry is enticing, for the analyst, these facilities also translate to higher material costs.

Nonetheless, while the analyst anticipates the new features for wireless charging and augmented reality forthcoming with the iPhone launch  to be largely gimmicky  and prospectively risk GM pressure, he reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AAPL with a $163 price target, which represents a 13% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

iPhone GM initially took a step back from fiscal 2009 s 60.2% to 44.8% by fiscal 2016. However, based upon the tech giant s fiscal first quarter print for 2017, GM looks to be  on track  to hit 41.9% for the year. iPhone GM certainly has waned in a course of eight years, but the analyst finds GM to be  relatively steady  at 40%.

Chokshi notes,  With each new iPhone generation, AAPL has had a strong history of implementing new capabilities that have required an increasing bill of materials cost, despite a relatively consistent ASP of ~$650 [ ]  Anticipating that should buzz spring to reality of rumored wireless charging and augmented reality features, between a $5 to $10 cost addition each for the electromagnetic receiver chipset coupled with the laser-meet-receiver depth detection module, the analyst projects Bill of Materials to approximate a $20 rise.

Overall,  Given the potential multiple moving parts, we are not revising our estimates, especially as we intend to commission a new consumer survey to understand the magnitude of unit growth for the iPhone 8 cycle as well as whether the year thereafter will sustain a third year of consecutive unit growth for the iPhone. We also expect the Augmented Reality industry event we are hosting on May 5 will provide greater visibility into the technology, competitive landscape, capabilities and cost of implementing Augmented Reality componentry within the next gen iPhone,  Chokshi surmises.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst Nehal Chokshi is ranked #574 out of 4,553 analysts. Chokshi has a 63% success rate and realizes 15.6% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Chokshi yields 31.1% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate AAPL as a Buy. Out of 37 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 are bullish on Apple stock, 7 remain sidelined, and 2 are bearish on the stock. With a return potential of 6%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $152.90.

Netflix: International Subs Are Looking Good Long-Term

Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Olson is out with a bullish call on Netflix after surveying close to 1,000 internet households spanning across 7 global markets that have on average had the option to use the online video streaming giant s services the past four years.

Believing the international survey results further bolster his conviction that not only can the giant s penetration meet the analyst s 2020 expectations, he anticipates Netflix could outclass his projections. Therefore, the analyst reiterates an Overweight rating on NFLX with a price target of $166, which represents a just under 16% increase from where the shares last closed.

Of the survey respondents spanning the globe, 37% are already subscribing to the giant s platform, with 13% anticipating to hop on board later in the year.  Given Netflix will have been in all countries (excl. China) for four years by 2020, we have increased confidence in the company s ability to achieve, or potentially exceed, our estimate for 12.5% international (excl. China) internet HH penetration by 2020,  asserts Olson, who believes that volatility circling subscriptions  comes with the territory,  but advises investors to  expect favorable ongoing LT trend[s]  moving forward.

Olson opines,  The most recent quarter s results provided evidence that concentrating on quarter-byquarter nuances in the numbers (such as churn issues caused by un-grandfathering in 2016) can mask an otherwise positive trend. Simply put, Netflix is the leader in a category that contains very sizable growth potential. There will likely be increasing competition and hiccups in results along the way, but we think Netflix has reached  escape velocity.'  Though Netflix may see competitors join along the way, the analyst does not see this as threatening to the giant s prospects, as  the market should support multiple large players  on back of a gradual transition from the old days of broadcasting to new emphasis on internet delivery.

 Netflix spent 2016 building a global footprint, which included launches in 130 countries (everywhere other than China and a few immaterial markets),  concludes the analyst, who notes that while 2016 gravitated not meaningfully ahead of a break-even margin, the years to come should translate as  highly profitable  for the giant, with international contribution margins not only catching up to the US after 2020, but potentially even beating its performance.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Michael Olson is ranked #119 out of 4,553 analysts. Olson has a 65% success rate and garners 13.5% in his yearly returns. When recommending NFLX, Olson gains 8.3% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics show NFLX as a Buy. Based on 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 22 rate a Buy on Netflix stock, 12 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $154.97, marking a nearly 8% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Buffett Hasn't Embraced Tech Stocks - He Has Embraced Massive Share Repurchase ... For decades Warren Buffett told us that he wasn't smart enough to invest in technology stocks, that technology stocks were beyond his circle of competence.

Now look at him. Mr. Buffett is closing in on 90 years old and what is he buying? Technology stocks of course.

Take a look at the largest Berkshire Hathaway stock holdings as listed in the recently released annual letter:

Focus in on the cost column, which details the amount Berkshire has invested in each company. The company with the most cash invested (original cost) into it is International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) with $13.8 billion. That is weird.

IBM would be thought of as a technology company. It get weider when you notice the $6.7 billion that Berkshire has invested in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)

as of December 31, 2016.

Then in an interview with CNBC following the release of the annual shareholder letter Buffett made these comments about the size of Berkshire's Apple investment:

"But we would have, one of the fellows in the office has about 10 million shares, and I have for Berkshire's account about 123 million. So, we got about 133 million shares."

Since the end of 2016 Berkshire's Apple position has grown from 61 million shares to 133 million shares, which as I write this would be worth $18.6 billion. We can't tell for certain what the actual purchase price paid for Apple was subsequent to year-end, but it looks like the two biggest equity investments that Berkshire has are in IBM and Apple.

I bet you could have gotten pretty good odds 10 years ago that you would never live to see that!

What Is Going On Here?

In the previously linked CNBC article Buffett was asked why he now was willing to risk so much money on technology companies when he was so legendary for avoiding them. Here was his answer:

I mean, obviously [Apple is] very, very, very tech-involved, but it's a consumer product to a great extent too. And I mean, it has consumer aspects to it. And one of the great books on investing, which I've touted before, is one that Phil Fisher wrote back around 1960 or thereabouts, called 'Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits.' It had an effect on me.

I went out to meet Phil Fisher after reading the book, I found him in this little office in San Francisco. And I recommend any investor read that book. And it's still in print. And he talks about something called the scuttlebutt method, which made a big impression on me at the time.

But I used it a lot, which is essentially going out and finding out as much as you can about how people feel about the products that they...it's just asking questions, basically. And Apple strikes me as having quite a sticky product and enormously useful product that people would use, and not that I do.... And I don't know what goes on inside their research labs or anything of the sort. I do know what goes on in their customers' minds because I spend a lot of time talking to 'em.

If I'm understanding him right, it seems that Buffett feels that Apple's consumer brand is strong enough to withstand technological challenges from competition. He admits that he has no insight into what goes on in Apple's research labs, which isn't surprising. He simply believes that consumers will stay loyal to Apple even if competition is able to develop somewhat better products. He does also admit that the company is still very, very tech involved though.

I Think There Is More To The Story Here

OK, I can appreciate how much consumers love the Apple products. However, I think that the real key thing behind both the IBM purchase and the Apple purchase is what these companies are doing with their capital allocation policies. They are both buying back boatloads of shares every year. I don't think it is a coincidence that they are both doing this and that Buffett owns both companies.

First let's take a look at Apple. I went to the company's SEC filings and dug out the amount of shares repurchased in dollar terms over the past few years. Here is what I found:

2016 Apple Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $30 billion

2015 Apple Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $35 billion

2014 Apple Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $45 billion

Wow, that is a lot of money. Here is what those repurchases have done to Apple's share count

\

AAPL Shares Outstanding data by YCharts

The share count is plummeting.

Now IBM. I also went to IBM's SEC filings and dug out the share repurchase information:

2016 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $3.5 billion

2015 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $4.6 billion

2014 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $13.7 billion

2013 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $13.9 billion

2012 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $12.0 billion

2011 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $15.0 billion

2010 IBM Dollar Amount Of Share Repurchases - $15.4 billion

I went back further on IBM because that provides the picture that Buffett was looking at when he was buying IBM shares. I think we all would agree at this point that the IBM investment has gone quite the way he expected, but I think this provides some insight into what he was attracted to at the time of purchase. Here is the IBM share count over time:

IBM Shares Outstanding data by YCharts

I'm not sure what the blips in the graph are, but clearly IBM has massively reduced its share count over time.

Buffett needs to invest in very large companies. It is very hard to find large companies that can offer much in terms of growth, but companies like Apple and IBM that are shrinking their share count can give a boost to growth per share.

I believe that the shrinking share count of these two companies is a big reason for why Buffett bought so much of them. The number of companies large enough for Buffett to invest in is small. It makes sense that he would make some concessions on his technology dislike for the earnings boost that these share repurchases provide.

Posted-In: contributorMarkets Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Heffx Technicals Stock Overbought Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Heffx Technicals Stock Overbought

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

The projected upper bound is: 148.48.

The projected lower bound is: 140.52.

The projected closing price is: 144.50.

Candlesticks

A black body occurred (because prices closed lower than they opened).

During the past 10 bars, there have been 4 white candles and 6 black candles for a net of 2 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 29 white candles and 21 black candles for a net of 8 white candles.

A long upper shadow occurred. This is typically a bearish signal (particularly when it occurs near a high price level, at resistance level, or when the security is overbought).

A spinning top occurred (a spinning top is a candle with a small real body). Spinning tops identify a session in which there is little price action (as defined by the difference between the open and the close). During a rally or near new highs, a spinning top can be a sign that prices are losing momentum and the bulls may be in trouble.

Momentum Indicators

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 71.2546. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 69.08. This is not a topping or bottoming area. However, the RSI just crossed below 70 from a topping formation. This is a bearish sign. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 93. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

Rex Takasugi   TD Profile

APPLE INC closed down -0.750 at 144.020. Volume was 1% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 20% narrower than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

144.220 145.460 143.810 144.020 27,717,854

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 143.04 136.32 116.37

Volatility: 14 20 22

Volume: 23,734,552 27,274,408 32,014,916

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC is currently 23.8% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is relatively normal as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of AAPL.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 4 periods. Can Apple Inc (AAPL) Continue To Outperform Its Industry? Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL), with its ROE of 34.7 over the past 12 months, performed better than the industry, which averaged 24.34% in the same period. However, investors, focused only on Return on Equity, often ignore the rising interest costs which result in actual return to be significantly lower. Thus, we must look at how a company s debt profile changed during the same time period. Check out our latest analysis for Apple

Breaking down Return on Equity

ROE ratio basically calculates the net income as a percentage of total capital committed by shareholders, namely shareholders  equity.While an ROE ratio of more than 15% would draw any investor s attention, historically, established companies in the developed countries have delivered an ROE between 10% and 12%.

Return on Equity = Net Profit   Shareholders Equity

ROE above the cost of equity estimate indicates value creation, which apparently is the only reason shares rally. The cost of equity can be estimated through a popular and Nobel-prize winning method called Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM). With a few sets of assumptions, the CAPM pegs AAPL s cost of equity at 9.35%, compared to its ROE of 34.7%.





ROE can be broken down into three ratios using the Dupont formula. The profit margin is the income as a percentage of sales, while asset turnover highlights how efficiently a company is using the resources at its disposal. Increased leverage, primarily through raising debt, is good for a profitable company, but only to the extent it doesn t make the firm insolvent in a time of crisis.

Dupont Formula ROE = annual net profit   shareholders  equity ROE = (annual net profit   sales)   (sales   assets)   (assets   shareholders  equity) ROE = profit margin   asset turnover   financial leverage

A trend of profit growing faster than revenue is indicative of improvement in ROE. While investors should assess the past correlation between them, an assessment of the analysts  profit and revenue forecast points to the most likely scenario going forward.The asset turnover for a capital intensive industry such as bricks-and-mortar retail would be substantially lower than the e-commerce retail industry. A comparison with the industry can be drawn through ROA, which represents earnings as a percentage of assets. Apple s ROA stood at 11.9% in the past year, compared to the industry s 9.06%.

We can assess whether AAPL is fuelling ROE by excessively raising debt or it has a balanced capital structure by looking at the historic debt-equity trend of the company. While Apple s debt to equity ratio currently stands at 0.66, investors should assess how it has changed over the past few years. To account for leverage, we should look at AAPL s Return on capital, which stood at 25% in the past year versus industry s 6.64%. ROC is earnings as a percentage of overall employed capital compared to just equity as in the case of ROE.

ROE   It s not just another ratio

On the surface, ROE appears to be a simple profitability ratio indicating the return an investor should expect. However, for a sound investment consideration, it should still appear good when a company s debt profile, profit-revenue trend, and leverage are considered. What do the analysts think about Apple s ROE three-years ahead? I recommend you see our latest FREE analysis report to find out!

If you are not interested in AAPL anymore, you can use our free platform to see my list of stocks with Return on Equity over 20%. Traders Secrets on Apple Inc. (AAPL), Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) plunged -0.52% with the closing price of $144.02. The overall volume in the last trading session was 27.58 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 19.48 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 9.85 and sector s optimum level is 10.57.

Apple Inc. (AAPL) have shown a high EPS growth of 16.00% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -9.90% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.00 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $144.89 above its 52-week highs and is down -0.07% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $144.02 a share and the price is up more than 24.89% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 5.75 vs. an industry average at 2.88. Its sales stood at 14.80% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) ended its day at $4.26 with the rising stream of 1.19% and its total traded volume was 24.94 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD)

Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 1.06, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 11.32 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 62.45. Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD), at its latest closing price of $4.26, it has a price-to-book ratio of 6.86, compared to an industry average at 2.60. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD), stock is trading $8.77 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 17.60% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -92.40% . Its share price has decline -48.49% in three months and is down -4.91% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.60. Mac Pro Redesign? Not This Year Apple Promises Mac Pro Redesign Is Coming, Just Not This Year

First, the good news: Apple announced plans to release a completely redesigned version of the Mac Pro. Now the bad news: you won t see it until at least 2018. But professional Mac users can sleep soundly in the knowledge that Apple understands their frustrations.

Why else would the company invite a group of reporters to its headquarters yesterday to update the world on a product it doesn t plan to release for at least another year? Apple seems to understand that it has a major perception problem when it comes to professional users, and can't afford to ignore the issue until an official product announcement sometime in 2018.

Not Built for Modern Workloads

The current version of the Mac Pro was released in 2013. At the time, the company thought it was making a bold statement with the unusual form factor that looked more like a cylindrical Bluetooth speaker than a professional desktop machine. But instead of representing a great leap forward for the company s pro users, the current incarnation of the Mac Pro is now closer to a dead end.

A large part of that is likely the fault of the internal architecture, the company admitted to reporters yesterday. Apple designers had gambled on an architectural plan designed to accommodate two smaller GPUs (graphics processing units), rather than a single larger one. Not necessarily a bad idea in principal, but that wasn t how the industry evolved.

Instead, designs and workloads have moved toward relying on one larger GPU. Apple Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi acknowledged to reporters that the current design was inadequate for professional users whose workloads depended on running on a single GPU or single-threaded CPU (central processing unit) performance. Certain scientific workloads require a single GPU, and heavy 3D graphics or VR applications can also be taxing for two smaller GPUs, Federighi said.

A Move to Modular

However, the Mac Pro s architecture made it difficult for the company to reconfigure the machine along the lines that their customers required. In particular, while the desktop s triple chassis design was well-equipped to disperse the heat generated by two lower-power graphics chips, it couldn t handle the thermal output generated by a single, massive GPU.

That left Apple with a device that didn't serve the needs of many of its professional customers. Apple was also unable to upgrade future versions while remaining true to the original design. As a result, the Mac Pro has received little in the way of significant upgrades to its specifications. After four years on the market, the Pro has now fallen dramatically behind its competitors in the professional space.

But Apple said that it's already hard at work on redesigning the Mac Pro. Although the company did not reveal any major details, executives did say the next model will be much more modular than the current version to better facilitate future upgrades. The new modular architecture will also include a new Pro display, something Apple has shied away from in the past.

Image credit: Product shot by Apple. Comcast unveils new wireless service with unlimited data plan called Xfinity Mobile  ACCC says takes action against Apple "over alleged misleading consumer guarantee representations"  
2017-04-10
Without Apple Inc., Imagination Technologies' PowerVR Has No Future At this point, anybody with even a cursory interest in technology stocks has probably heard that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently informed graphics specialist Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF) that it would no longer need to use its graphics intellectual property in future mobile applications processors.

For those unfamiliar with Imagination, it is a small silicon intellectual property vendor that produces graphics and processor core that it licenses to companies that design and build their own chips. Imagination typically receives an up-front licensing fee for its intellectual property coupled with ongoing royalties for each chip containing its intellectual property sold.

Imagination has historically depended heavily on Apple for the bulk of its revenue (just over 50% in fiscal year 2016). However, it's worth observing that this figure understates just how important Apple was to Imagination's PowerVR graphics business.

Digging into the numbers

In fiscal year 2016, Imagination reported that total revenue from what it defines as "continuing operations" came in at 120 million pounds (about $149 million).

Of that revenue, 17.1 million pounds (about $21 million) of it came from licensing revenue while 102.7 million pounds (about $128 million) came from royalty revenue.

Now, it's also worth noting that Imagination doesn't just sell graphics intellectual property. Several years back, Imagination bought MIPS Technologies in 2012 for $60 million. This acquisition added CPU intellectual properties to Imagination's portfolio, and it has been licensing MIPS processor technology since.

According to Imagination's annual report, the company enjoyed 6.44 million pounds ($8 million) in MIPS licensing revenue and 23.47 million pounds (approx. $30 million) in MIPS royalty revenue in its most recent fiscal year. PowerVR licensing was 10.16 million pounds (about $12.62 million) and royalty revenues were 77.7 million pounds (roughly $96.5 million).

In Imagination's disclosure vis-a-vis Apple, the former said that in fiscal year 2016, PowerVR licensing and royalties from Apple totaled 60.7 million pounds (about $76 million) in revenue.

Apple doesn't license Imagination's MIPS processor cores for its chips; its interest in Imagination's portfolio is solely in its PowerVR portfolio. What this means, then, is that Apple made up nearly 70% of Imagination's PowerVR graphics revenue in the company's prior fiscal year.

Without Apple, PowerVR has no future

If Imagination can't work out some sort of serious technology/patent licensing arrangement with Apple, then it is extremely unlikely that the former will be able to continue to fund the development of its PowerVR graphics technology.

Of course, there's the possibility that Imagination could find new, large customers for its technology, but that's not going to be easy. With Apple out of the picture, that's roughly 15% of the total addressable market in smartphones gone.

Furthermore, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) is the largest smartphone applications processor vendor, capturing about 42% market share in 2015, per Strategy Analytics (2016 numbers should be a bit different, but you get the gist). Qualcomm builds its own graphics processors and is therefore not a potential customer of Imagination's graphics tech.

We're already at half of the mobile applications processor market out of Imagination's reach.

Companies like Spreadtrum, MediaTek, Huawei, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), and Xiaomi (merchant vendors as well as smartphone companies that build their own mobile processors) could be reasonable targets for Imagination's PowerVR tech, but these companies have been largely using graphics technology from ARM Holdings.

It's going to be hard for Imagination to capture share from ARM Holdings going forward for several reasons. The first is that Imagination couldn't beat ARM here even with technology that was arguably much superior; ARM's graphics technology has gotten much better over the years and should only get better with time as ARM has the wherewithal to invest much more in such technologies than Imagination can.

Even stripping away the technology argument, Imagination's future -- now that Apple is about to walk out the door -- is now uncertain. ARM's future, on the other hand, is rather certain (and quite bright). On that basis alone, it will be hard for Imagination to keep its existing non-Apple customers, let alone wrest away share from ARM.

The point is this: Without Apple, Imagination's PowerVR technology likely has no future in Imagination's hands. A Bearish Warning For Apple Back in November 2015, I wrote about why Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stood at over 25% of my total portfolio (25% Allocation to Apple - Too Much Risk?). Seventeen months later, and a 22% gain (ex-dividends), I will now try make a case for why investors should be wary of holding shares in the company over the near future and why I am strongly considering reducing my exposure to the company.

Here is a snippet of my proposition in that previous article.

What has changed?

Fast forward to today, and the picture for Apple has changed significantly. The stock has outperformed the S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY) index by nearly 10% (ex-dividends) over this timeframe. However, this has not happened in a straight upwards trend. The shares continued its decline to a low of $90 by May 2016. Since then, it has propelled 61% to the highs of today.

Back in November 2015, Apple shares were at a P/E ratio of 13, while the S&P 500 stood at 22. This represented a discount of 41% to the wider market. Now Apple commands a P/E ratio of 17.21 with the index at 26.44. On face value, the index seems too expensive to ignore, while Apple seems to be sitting at what I might consider fair value. However, when digging deeper, various valuation metrics suggest that Apple is soon due for a correction.

Valuation Metrics

No matter what valuation metric you use, Apple looks expensive compared to where it has traded over the past 5 years.

As we can see from the charts above, Apple is nearing or has exceeded its 5-year highs on these three common valuation metrics.

Another way I try to get a perspective of valuation is to look at what are the limits of dividend yield to which investors are prepared to accept from a company for what they pay for the shares. Apple reintroduced its dividend in the second half of 2012. It later increased the dividend by 15% after 3 quarters. I believe that to use the dividend yield as a tool to aid in valuation, the dividend needs to become normalized, thus, why I only take into account the dividend yield history from mid-2013. As can be seen, the dividend yield is approaching its "normalized" lows to which investors are prepared to accept for the price of the shares.

I should note that it is expected that Apple should raise the dividend payments on the next earnings release later this month. Using the last few years as a guide, the dividend should be raised by approximately 10%. This will, therefore, push the yield further away from historical lows.

These historically-stretched valuations support is what I have seen from wider investors. Not much can go wrong for Apple right now. Bearish articles have become a rarity, and investors are all hyped-up about the upcoming iPhone, so much so that it has been dubbed "the super-cycle" phone. Out of curiosity, I wanted to see the psychology of the market at significant highs and lows over the last 5 years.

What can be seen is that times of great investor excitement generally have been closely followed by deep upset through a sharp fall in the share price, and vice versa. This always reminds me of the famous Warren Buffett quote:

Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.

Where do things stand now?

While I do believe that the stock is teetering on historical valuation highs, I don't think the run-up has run out of steam. We still have to wait for a few things. Investors are likely to await the results of the upcoming quarterly report in which we expect a dividend increase, but more importantly, they await the news of Trump's plans for foreign earnings repatriation. Only then will I look to reduce the percentage weighting of Apple in my personal portfolio.

Conclusion

Apple shares have had a strong rally from the lows seen in May 2016. The shares' valuation looks stretched by most common valuation metrics; however, several reasons remain why the rally is not finished.

*On a final note, if you want to see further articles by the author please click 'follow' at the top of the page.*

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc. Stock Will Correct Ahead of Q2 Earnings (AAPL) It s time to face the music. Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL ) is overbought. In fact, shares have traded north of their 14-week relative-strength index (RSI) since the beginning of February   after the company s last quarterly earnings report. And with the next trip to the earnings confessional just around the corner, AAPL stock needs to shed some weight or be faced with an even steeper post-earnings selloff.

Source: Shutterstock

Apple stock has been in rally mode for some time, but the uptrend is getting long in the tooth. The diamond of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Apple has outperformed all other blue chips in the index so far in 2017, gaining more than 22% since the beginning of the year. But shares have stalled in recent months, battling with $140 throughout most of March, and now staring up at $145 in April.

What s more, Apple s 10-day and 20-day moving averages have finally caught up with the shares, but are only providing moderate price support at best. A break below these trendlines could be all the catalyst short-term traders need to take some profits off the table, potentially sending AAPL down for a test of $140 or even $138 ahead of May s quarterly earnings report.

Sentiment is also showing signs of fatigue.

Apple options traders on Friday were less than enthusiastic despite the leak of new iMac features. Granted, the iMac isn t the iPhone, but that hasn t stopped AAPL speculators before. In fact,

Apple s May put/call open interest ratio has risen in the past couple of weeks to perch at 1.03, as puts are added at a faster rate than calls among near-term options traders. Furthermore, more than 32,000 puts have accumulated at the out-of-the-money $135 strike, potentially indicating lowered expectations for Apple stock.

Even short sellers are getting in on the act, which is an unusual development for AAPL stock. During the most recent reporting period, the number of Apple shares sold short rose by 4% to 52.9 million. While this accumulation still represents only about 1% of AAPL s total float, the rise itself is notable on a stock that typically sees overwhelmingly bullish sentiment.

Finally, the brokerage community remains heavily bullish, as usual   and this could be a bad thing for Apple stock.

Next Page Teens Continue to Back Apple Inc. (AAPL) as Device Brand Leader, Intel ... Between teens showing rising loyalties to being a part of the enticing Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) brand and solid momentum for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) that has the chip maker in great standing for the first quarter of the year, analysts are out making bullish cases for these tech players. Piper Jaffray has Apple in the lead two teen surveys running, anticipating the tech giant s cool ranking will strengthen all the more following the release of the iPhone X. Meanwhile, one of Wall Street s top analysts spotlights a three-part stable PC performance, iPhone s modem ramp, and 3-D NAND advantage as cause to expect a stellar 2017 for the chip maker. Let s take a closer look:

Teens Say Apple s Branding Reigns as Hippest of Them All

Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Olson continues to highlight Apple s strong position as a device brand leader, particularly among the teen demographic, for two surveys running. After polling over 5,500 teens, the analyst found the best results yet for Apple, with 76% indicating they proudly are part of the iPhone base and 81% believing their next smart phone purchase could very well be an Apple one.

With the results for the tech giant proved even more favorable than Olson s last survey during the fall of 2016 and more teens raring to join the Apple ecosystem, the analyst predicts  further upside,  and subsequently reiterates an Overweight rating on shares of AAPL with a $155 price target, which represents a just under 8% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

Not only does Apple s  iPhone [maintain a] strong lead among teens,  but the giant s Apple Watch continues to rule the roost as the #1 smartwatch for teens. While 84% of teens in the analyst s survey noted they do not own any smart watches, Apple captured 11% of respondents, a significant step up compared to Samsung Gear as next in line at 2%.

Moreover, Olson forecasts an advantageous risk/reward heading into the fall launch for the hyped iPhone X, elaborating,  With a solid December quarter in the rear-view mirror, if Apple meets March quarter estimates, we think AAPL shares are positioned to continue to run into the Fall  17 launch of the 10th anniversary device. Our expectation is for AAPL to continue to meet/ beat 1H iPhone estimates, based to some degree on relatively easy comps. 

 Overall, we view the Teen Survey data as a sign that Apple s place as the dominant device brand among teens remains intact,  concludes Olson.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, five-star analyst Michael Olson is ranked #117 out of 4,560 analysts. Olson has a 65% success rate and earns 13.7% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Olson yields 14.2% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Buy. Out of 38 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 29 are bullish on Apple stock, 7 remain sidelined, and 2 are bearish on the stock. With a return potential of nearly 7%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $152.87.

Intel Poised for Success: Stability in PCs, Data Center, and the iPhone Factor

Top analyst Vijay Rakesh at Mizuho previews Intel ahead of its first quarter earnings for 2017 with a fair amount of confidence in the chip maker, reiterating a Buy rating on INTC with a $42 price target, which represents a just under 17% increase from where the shares last closed.

Anticipating that on the heels of a robust second half of 2016, Intel stands to potentially outperform considering the chip backdrop this time of year.  After a strong 2H16 in PCs, we believe MarQ/JunQ PCs remain stable to better than seasonal. We believe while the PC market remains stable and a tailwind, the focus will be on Data Center (DCG), a 2H iPhone modem ramp and 3DNAND ramp,  Rakesh highlights.

For the first quarter of 2017, Rakesh projects revenue to hit $14.4 billion, EPS to reach $0.65, and GM to land at 62.6%, which largely mirrors consensus modeling 3% dips quarter-over-quarter. For non-GAAP, the analyst looks for the chip maker to bring in $14.8 billion in revenue and $0.65 in EPS, closely matching consensus expectations of $14.8 billion in revenue and $0.56 in EPS. For the financial year of 2017, the analyst sets expectations for $60.3 billion in total non-GAAP revenue as well as $2.80 in non-GAAP EPS, compared to GAAP estimates of $60.3 billion in revenue and $2.50 in EPS. Forecasting the financial year of 2018, the analyst estimates INTC will generate $61.9 billion in revenue and $2.90 in EPS, and GAAP estimates of $61.9 billion in revenue with $2.70 in EPS.

 We believe ODM PC strength is being driven off better U.S corporate PC demand, continued gaming/VR strength with JunQ industry PC shipments potentially trending flat q/q, and ODMs noting DRAM pricing trending up into JunQ,  continues the analyst.

Meanwhile, with Conservative Data Center (DCG) expectations scaled from a 10% to 12% year-over-year climb to a  more conservative  high single digit %  y/y growth,  the analyst believes this  sets up better for investors.  Consensus presently models an 8% year-over-year rise and Rakesh looks for 7% year-over-year growth. Additionally, the analyst notes,  While we believe DecQ Xeon Phi for Deep Learning, grew ~50% q/q, it is still <5% of DCG. We believe NVDA could dominate DL/AI data center market into 2018E. 

Ultimately, Rakesh braces for a  2H17 with iPhone 8 wireless modem builds and 3D-NAND,  surmising,  We believe with our expectations of ~120M iPhone 8 builds and INTC potentially getting at least 50% or more of the builds, it could be a topline tailwind with ~$7-10 ASPs. Also, 3D-NAND, while a margin drag, could help the topline in 2H17. 

Vijay Rakesh has a very good TipRanks score with a 72% success rate and a high ranking of #31 out of 4,560 analysts. Rakesh realizes 28.9% in his yearly returns. When recommending INTC, Rakesh gains 10.1% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate INTC as a Buy. Based on 30 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 16 rate a Buy on Intel stock, 12 maintain a Hold, while 2 issue on the stock. The 12-month average price target stands at $40.68, marking a nearly 13% from where the stock is currently trading.

More stocks covered by top performing analysts can be found here. Monday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc (FB) and Alibaba Group ... U.S. stock futures are trading slightly higher this morning, as geopolitical concerns weigh heavily on traders. Escalation in rhetoric from Russia and Iran followed on the heels of the U.S. s airstrike in Syria last week, and oil prices are rising this morning as a result. Elsewhere, Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen will speak after the close of trading this afternoon, and will take part in a Q&A session at the University of Michigan.

Against this volatile backdrop, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are up 0.04%, S&P 500 futures have gained 0.1% and Nasdaq-100 futures have gained 0.06% lower.

On the options front, volume came in average heading into the weekend, as about 13.2 million calls and 12.9 million puts changing hands. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio ticked higher to 0.67, while the 10-day moving average held at 0.61.

Driving Friday s options volume, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) saw mixed volume despite the leak of rumored specifications for the next-generation iMacs. Meanwhile, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) is preparing a set of  call-to-action  features for news partners to promote signups, and Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd (NYSE: BABA ) was bolstered by bullish commentary from Raymond James.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Rumors about the specs for the latest Apple iMac hit the Street on Friday, but AAPL stock options traders showed little interest.

The biggest shocker among the list provided from MacRumors was that Apple was moving away from Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC ) Core i7 chips and into Intel Xeon E3 chips   a move that analysts speculate will allow new iMac to take advantage of ECC (error correcting code) memory utilized by more professional and business model desktop PCs.

It s unusual for AAPL stock to not be moved by product rumors, and even more so for options traders to essentially  sigh.  Total volume on AAPL on Friday was respectable at 733,000 contracts, but puts and calls were split right down the middle, hinting at a rather inordinate indifference from this typically speculative crowd.

Looking out to May options, we find more of the same, with the back-month s put/call open interest ratio arriving at 1.03. In fact, AAPL may not see an uptick in options sentiment until the shares seriously put in a challenge to overhead resistance at $145.

Next Page Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Heffx Technicals Sitting Above the 70 RSI Line Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Heffx Technicals Sitting Above the 70 RSI Line

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

The projected upper bound is: 147.73.

The projected lower bound is: 139.81.

The projected closing price is: 143.77.

Candlesticks

A black body occurred (because prices closed lower than they opened).

During the past 10 bars, there have been 4 white candles and 6 black candles for a net of 2 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 27 white candles and 23 black candles for a net of 4 white candles.

Three black candles occurred in the last three days. Although these candles were not big enough to create three black crows, the steady downward pattern is bearish.

Momentum Indicators

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 26.6759. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 64.32. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 42. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago.

Rex Takasugi   TD Profile

APPLE INC closed down -0.320 at 143.340. Volume was 39% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 25% narrower than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

143.730 144.180 143.270 143.340 16,672,198

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Neutral

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 143.59 137.18 116.85

Volatility: 13 19 22

Volume: 23,242,488 26,852,348 31,880,194

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC is currently 22.7% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is relatively normal as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of AAPL.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 6 periods. our momentum oscillator has set a new 14-period low while the security price has not. This is a bearish divergence. Piper Jaffray Reiterates Overweight Rating and $155 PT on Apple Inc. (AAPL ...  Apple Inc. (AAPL) Showcases What It Has To Offer Via The Technical Chart Apple Inc. (AAPL) has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company s key metrics. A deeper exploration of the setup is sure to yield a clearer picture of why AAPL is trending in the way it is presently   let s move right into that. As we move into the full deep dive of the technical chart, it s quite important to point out that few traders succeed if they ignore the messages presented under technical analysis.

AAPL s present state of movement can best be assessed by looking at its current day s high $144.18 and the corresponding low of $143.27. It is important to note that the current day s high figures poorly when compared to the trailing 52-week high of $145.46 achieved by AAPL on 04/05/17. The corresponding low also paints a picture and suggests that the low is nothing but a +60.21% since 05/12/16. From a trading perspective, this is a good sign for anyone keen on making big gains from the stock s prevailing upside potential. Of course the current trading setup is getting a lot of attention from analysts. Most have laid bare their sentiments on the stock as you can see from the following: The target price for AAPL is $147.00; this target is below the most recent high recorded for the stock. There s also the current beta of 1.16. As you might already know, beta is an excellent source of trading sentiment and given that the existing beta for AAPL is greater than 1, traders and investors will no doubt read that AAPL is theoretically more volatile than current market dynamic. These data points are key areas savvy traders will be monitoring.

Many traders are now starting to take a look at the stock and they are eyeing it with a few other technical indicators in mind. Technical indicators don t get more indicative than the measures called Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic. The numbers for AAPL, based on these two very powerful indicators, are indeed very telling. Let s see what they say in greater detail. The current reading for AAPL, where the 14-day RSI is concerned, is 64.32%. This means, based on the reading, that AAPL is neutral, suggesting that the stock is relatively stable in terms of upward or upward price movement. The stochastic reading is also gives consistent interpretations. In relation to AAPL, there is a stochastic reading of 75.19%. This means, based on the stochastic data, that AAPL is overbought at current levels.

AAPL composite picture doesn t end with either the RSI or the Stochastic, however; there are also compelling readings being presented by the stock s 50 and 200 SMAs. AAPL, on account of current trends displayed on its moving averages, appear in all ways and from all angle of analysis, to be bullish. Traders and investors have naturally seized upon this current positioning of the stock and general sentiment appears to be positive.

There are a few technical data points that can add richly to the picture painted above. Once these are baked into the analysis, all becomes clearer. AAPL s +4.20 has now manifested a clearer vein of trading and investing sentiment. When analyzed closely, this sentiment appears to be largely positive assessed over the trailing 30 days of data. AAPL isn t standing still by any means and the stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by 19.25. The consequences of this performance have been stark; the stock is now trading on higher volatility levels when compared to matched against companies operating in the same sector. Historical volatility is also showing why AAPL is on the radar of a lot of traders. This reading for historical volatility is 11.24%. AAPL is also pointing to strong readings on the Average True Range   a very important technical touch point that shouldn t be ignored. That ATR reading is 1.04. AAPL has made it clear that from every angle, from every technical touch point, it is ready to make its setup clear to savvy traders and investors keen on making the best of the current state of affairs. One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Apple Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Apple Inc (Symbol: AAPL). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the February 2018 expiration for AAPL. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $120 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of $3.75. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 3.1% return against the $120 commitment, or a 3.7% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost ).

Selling a put does not give an investor access to AAPL's upside potential the way owning shares would, because the put seller only ends up owning shares in the scenario where the contract is exercised. So unless Apple Inc sees its shares fall 16.3% and the contract is exercised (resulting in a cost basis of $116.25 per share before broker commissions, subtracting the $3.75 from $120), the only upside to the put seller is from collecting that premium for the 3.7% annualized rate of return.

Interestingly, that annualized 3.7% figure actually exceeds the 1.6% annualized dividend paid by Apple Inc by 2.1%, based on the current share price of $143.35. And yet, if an investor was to buy the stock at the going market price in order to collect the dividend, there is greater downside because the stock would have to lose 16.29% to reach the $120 strike price.

Always important when discussing dividends is the fact that, in general, dividend amounts are not always predictable and tend to follow the ups and downs of profitability at each company. In the case of Apple Inc, looking at the dividend history chart for AAPL below can help in judging whether the most recent dividend is likely to continue, and in turn whether it is a reasonable expectation to expect a 1.6% annualized dividend yield.

Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the February 2018 expiration, for shareholders of Apple Inc (Symbol: AAPL) looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 1.6% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $165 strike and collecting the premium based on the $4.00 bid, annualizes to an additional 3.3% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost ), for a total of 4.9% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $165 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but AAPL shares would have to climb 15.1% from current levels for that to occur, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 17.9% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called.

The chart below shows the trailing twelve month trading history for Apple Inc, highlighting in green where the $120 strike is located relative to that history, and highlighting the $165 strike in red:

The chart above, and the stock's historical volatility, can be a helpful guide in combination with fundamental analysis to judge whether selling the February 2018 put or call options highlighted in this article deliver a rate of return that represents good reward for the risks. We calculate the trailing twelve month volatility for Apple Inc (considering the last 252 trading day AAPL historical stock prices using closing values, as well as today's price of $143.35) to be 19%.

In mid-afternoon trading on Monday, the put volume among S&P 500 components was 600,880 contracts, with call volume at 600,880, for a put:call ratio of 0.70 so far for the day, which is above normal compared to the long-term median put:call ratio of .65. In other words, if we look at the number of call buyers and then use the long-term median to project the number of put buyers we'd expect to see, we're actually seeing more put buyers than expected out there in options trading so far today. Find out which 15 call and put options traders are talking about today

Top YieldBoost AAPL Calls   Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Stop Supporting 32-Bit Apps with iOS 11 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has slowly been chipping away at 32-bit apps on the Apple Store for few months. However, the company may serve the final blow this fall. As noted by famed developer Steven Troughton-Smith, it will drop support for 32-bit apps entirely with the iOS 11 release this fall. This juncture means that a big bunch of legacy apps will stop working unless they are updated.

Steven didn t reveal the source of information, but he mentioned that he heard it 'very clearly.' The insight is not much contested because it comes as no surprise to users or developers that AAPL would make this move.

With iOS 9, Apple started notifying users that performance would be inhibited each time a 32-bit app was launched. The prompt also detailed that the app needs an update by the developer. With iOS 10.3, the iPhone maker has upped the ante, replacing the previous prompt with the following:

"This app will not work with future versions of iOS. The developer of this app needs to update it to improve its compatibility."

Smith has also noted that it's likely that future Apple processor will lack 32-bit support entirely, allowing an enhanced performance. Apple doesn't want to alienate users with this move but spur developers to update their applications to the latest platform.

All these efforts are part of Apple's plans to remove "problematic and abandoned apps" from the store. It announced these goals last September, and since then, it has removed over 50,000 apps from the App Store. How Walt Mossberg Changed The Way We Think About Apple, Google And Others Walt Mossberg, a name synonymous with tech reporting, has decided to hang up his boots after a career spanning over 47 years. He made a name as a make-or-break reviewer of technology products, to whom many people looked before finalizing tech purchase decisions.

Booting Into A Journalistic Career

After graduating from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, Mossberg joined the Wall Street Journal in 1970 as a reporter and worked there through 2013. He started his career with the Journal at its Detroit bureau and subsequently moved to the Journal's D.C. office, covering subjects ranging from international to national politics.

Upgrading To Tech Reporting

Mossberg was then vested with the responsibility of handling his own Personal Technology column full time in 1991. This column appeared every Thursday in the Journal from 1991 through 2013.

He also wrote the Mossberg's Mailbox column on Thursdays and edited a column titled "Digital Solution," which appeared on Wednesdays and was written by Katherine Boehret.

Mossberg along with his former WSJ colleague Kara Swisher conceptualized, produced and hosted the Journal's annual D: All Things Digital conference in Carlsbad, California.

The attendees include creative, forward-thinking, insightful leaders in the digital world, ranging from CEOs to industry legends to young innovators. Unlike the usual conferences, which would be predominated by presentations and speeches, D would have Mossberg and Swisher interviewing speakers live onstage.

The All Things Digital web publication was started as an extension of the conference in 2007 by Mossberg and Swisher and carried the former's columns and the latter's blog among other things. It was owned by the Dow Jones & Company, which is now part of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWSA).

Duo Goes Solo...

However, when the duo failed to renew their contract with the Dow Jones in September 2013, they moved out and started Recode, based in San Francisco in January 2014. Recode was subsequently acquired by Vox Media in May 2015. Mossberg also began to contribute to weekly columns in the Verge, also owned by Vox Media.

Currently, he is an executive editor and columnist at the Verge, an editor at large and columnist at Recode and co-host with Nilay Patel of Ctrl-Walt-Delete, a podcast launched in September 2015.

Mossberg And Reviewing Prowess

Mossberg extensively covered product releases of celebrated companies such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL). He had spent a great deal of time with Apple cofounder Steve Jobs, an Apple Insider press release said.

"Walt's relevance and power wasn't just that he was the most influential product reviewer in the world of personal technology a legend it was that he was the best one. Really, he was the only one that mattered. He wasn't just judging your work, positive or negative, he was telling the truth about it. Whether you liked it or not, his opinion was fact," Vox Media CEO Jim Bankoff said in a thank you note to Mossberg.

In an article in the New Yorker titled "Everyone listens to Mossberg," Ken Auletta said how Mossberg recommended America Online, AOL, which is now part of Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), in 1992 for its simplicity and superiority over competition. This helped the service gain traction. The New Yorker article quoted a few instances of his reviews moving the products/services:

Handheld device Palm saw its sales surge in 1996 when Mossberg referred to it as a "breakthrough product."

Blip.tv's viewership got a 25 percent boost in the first 24 hours after he commended the site for its web-based TV shows.

Google's then CEO Eric Schmidt referred to Mossberg as a man who has a good nose after visiting him for getting his insights.

Other Media Appearances

Among his other media appearances are:

CNBC (weekly).

Web video reports.

PC World's Digital Duo, a computer program aired on PBS Stations.

The Swansong

Mossberg is set to step out of the spotlight and into his sunset years in June after the 2017 Code Conference, which he had co-founded in 2003.

"I didn't make this decision lightly, or hastily, or under pressure. It emerged from months of thought and months of talks with my wise wife, my family and close friends. It wasn't prompted by my employer, or by some dire health diagnosis. It just seems like the right time to step away. I'm ready for something new," Mossberg said.

Related Links:

It's Not You: Recode's Mossberg Says TVs are Still Too Complicated

Elon Musk On Apple Car: 'A Missed Opportunity,' But Will Be Here By 2020

_______

Image Credit: "Walt Mossberg and Steve Jobs at All Things Digital 5," By The original uploader was Joi at English Wikipedia - Transferred from en.wikipedia to Commons., CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons

Posted-In: Apple InsiderCNBC News Wall Street Journal Events Tech Media General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad Pro 2: Here's All You Need to Know In spite of the fact that a new iPad variant was released a few weeks ago, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is on track to roll out the iPad Pro 2. With a set of expected upgrades, the device may appear as the perfect laptop replacement.

The first major update for the iPad is speculated to arrive in the form of an improved file system that which will enhance its overall productivity and functionality. The filing system will likely incorporate a filing algorithm, similar to the filing system embedded in the MacOS software.

Another exciting feature included is Magic Trackpad and Magic Mouse which will contribute towards the enhancement of the upcoming 2-in-1 device s work productivity levels. AAPL utilized such features in its iMac line-up, allowing users to complete their task faster and more efficiently.

Reports are that Apple could line up to three new iPad Pro models, including the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2. Also, the upcoming tablet is expected to land with a much higher price tag as compared to the 9.7-inch tablet.

The next model of the iPad Pro is rumored to launch before the end of the current year. Current Movers: Endo International plc (ENDP), Apple Inc. (AAPL) Endo International plc (ENDP)

Endo International plc (ENDP) is currently trading with the volume of 6.76 Million. The Stock opened today s session at $12.34 and currently the price is hovering at $12.2 by showing increase of 3.17 percent.

Endo International plc has 1 year price target of $16.72. The stock gained a consensus recommendation of 2.24 on Zacks Investment Research where the scale runs from 1 to 5, 1 representing Strong buy and 5 showing Strong Sell. The company reported its last quarter on 12/31/2016.

On 12/31/2016 Endo International plc (ENDP) reported its EPS in the last quarter as $1.77/Share beating the analyst estimate of $1.63/Share by the difference of $0.14. This showed the surprise of 8.6% in the last quarter earnings. For the Current Quarter, 20 analysts are projecting the mean EPS to be $0.81/share. According to their observations and findings, the stock could provide a high EPS of $0.9/share and a Low EPS of $0.74/share.

Many Analysts provided their foresight on Revenue Estimates of Endo International plc where they believe that the company has the potential to earn average revenue of $1 for the current quarter. According to their predictions High & Low revenue estimates are 1.08 Billion and 964.57 Million respectively.

Endo International plc (ENDP) Stock currently has the market capitalization of $2.64 Billion and Weekly volatility of 5.29% and monthly volatility of 5.05% respectively.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Apple Inc. (AAPL) is currently trading with the volume of 7.55 Million. The Stock opened today s session at $143.5 and currently the price is hovering at $143.12 by showing decrease of -0.15 percent.

Apple Inc. has 1 year price target of $147.61. The stock gained a consensus recommendation of 1.74 on Zacks Investment Research where the scale runs from 1 to 5, 1 representing Strong buy and 5 showing Strong Sell. The company reported its last quarter on 12/31/2016.

On 12/31/2016 Apple Inc. (AAPL) reported its EPS in the last quarter as $3.36/Share beating the analyst estimate of $3.21/Share by the difference of $0.15. This showed the surprise of 4.7% in the last quarter earnings. For the Current Quarter, 37 analysts are projecting the mean EPS to be $1.62/share. According to their observations and findings, the stock could provide a high EPS of $1.81/share and a Low EPS of $1.43/share.

Many Analysts provided their foresight on Revenue Estimates of Apple Inc. where they believe that the company has the potential to earn average revenue of $1 for the current quarter. According to their predictions High & Low revenue estimates are 54.64 Billion and 51.71 Billion respectively.

Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock currently has the market capitalization of $753.72 Billion, P/E (price to earnings ttm) of 17.16 and Weekly volatility of 0.90% and monthly volatility of 1.02% respectively. The Life of Apple Founder Steve Jobs Is Becoming an Opera The Life of Apple Founder Steve Jobs Is Becoming an Opera

Operatic portrayals of recent historic figures from Richard Nixon to Walt Disney may be losing their novelty, but that doesn't mean that a stage portrayal of Steve Jobs doesn't inspire huge curiosity. So the Guggenheim Museum's latest Works and Process event on Sunday (repeated at 7:30 pm on Monday) was packed for a sneak preview of the latest Santa Fe Opera premiere, The (R)evolution of Steve Jobs, with the creative team on hand to introduce the various excerpts.

The first full-length opera by the fashionable 40-year-old composer Mason Bates has a solid foundation with the seasoned librettist Mark Campbell and director Kevin Newbury, plus a promising game plan: The storytelling won't be traditional or linear. Bates and Campbell summed up the opera's emotional nexus like this: Just because Jobs made the world more seamless, stylish and tidy, the humanity around him didn't become any less messy.  It's life simplified versus life out of control,  said Bates.

Composer Mason Bates, here with Daniel Bernard Roumain, will debut his opera about Steve Jobs in July. (Todd Rosenberg)

Bates sees no lack of the gravity that's needed for an operatic subject: "I absolutely take him seriously. Changing the way we communicate was quite an achievement, though some might say for better and for worse." And no, the operatic Jobs won't worry about high notes since the role is written in the baritone range, somewhat inspired by Britten's Billy Budd.



But in all seriousness, Campbell suggested that the hallmark of The (R)evolution of Steve Jobs may be the playfulness of the music:  That's what we need in opera now.  Campbell's libretto also captures the subversive West Coast counterculture from which Jobs and his partner Steve Wozniak emerged, with scenes of them smoking pot together, making a crank phone call to the Vatican and impersonating Henry Kissinger. In one of the more visionary scenes, Jobs takes LSD (the purple microdot variety) and hears music.



The callous side of Jobs was Campbell's big barrier with the subject: He needed to find a character worth caring about, and apparently succeeded: Though Jobs is by no means whitewashed, Campbell now refers to the computer magnate he never met with first-name familiarity. On Bates' side, the challenge was to apply his typical fusion of traditional symphonic orchestra and high-tech electronics.  Because Jobs has this busy inner soul, he was always kind of restless and nervous. I felt that electronics could very well portray that,  said Bates. "It's a little like having a wind machine or thunder sheet in an orchestra. It increases the three-dimensionality of it. 



The San Francisco-based composer also includes sounds sampled from a 1985 computer as well as electronic effects that seem all but quoted from pop music of Jobs' early adulthood, specifically the classic album  Who's Next.   I don't know that one,  Bates said,  but those kinds of sounds come down through the ether. 



The musical excerpts   sung by Sarah Coit, Edward Parks, Wei Wu, Garrett Sorenson and Jessica Jones   touched on a wide range of styles, with harmonically saturated moments when Jobs has an ecstatic realization and vocal writing that sometimes bordered on jazz bebop. Though Jobs' real-life widow Laurene campaigned against the making of the 2015 film Steve Jobs, the opera team hasn't heard from her. Just for the record, she comes off sympathetically as a voice of reason in his world, though one who couldn't get him to properly treat the cancer that killed him in 2011.



The creative team's greatest hope for the July 22 Aug. 15 run in Santa Fe also contains the ultimate irony: They're hoping that at the end of the opera, listeners will be too entranced to whip out their phones. Jay-Z Pulls Out His Solo Albums From Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Music And Spotify Jay-Z s solo albums will no lo longer be available on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Music and Spotify streaming services. The removal of the services came as a request of the artist. Though unconfirmed, the removal has also been associated with Jay Z s ownership of Tidal, the high-resolution audio streaming service that is yet to get a stronghold on the market.

However, all is not lost even with the absence of Jay Z s 12 studio albums as this only affects those within the US. Those outside the US territory can still find the star s creative works courtesy of the intricacies international licensing laws. Google Play Music and Deezer, which are smaller music services, are also custodians of the rapper s catalog.

Jay-Z s Fans Switch To Tidal?

The streaming music services industry is overwhelmed with competition. There are speculations that Jay-Z a.k.a. Shawn Carter could be trying to woo his fans into Tidal, which is now in competition with Apple, Spotify, and Amazon. However, Tidal has not commented on the speculations, hence, strategies of building an appeal for its subscriber s remains unclear.

Apparently, the acquiring of the streaming service in 2014 was meant to give Jay-Z s peers a bigger share of the profits. The rapper has previously criticized online music services for poor compensation of artists. This comes at a time when the music industry sales are said to be growing thanks to the increasing number of paying subscribers.

Tidal A Solid Investment

Apparently, some of Jay-Z s albums that have been removed from the two services are over a decade old. In reference to the time Tidal was acquired, the question, which begs an answer is, why has it taken so long for the rapper to take the drastic move?

That aside, the streaming service may still be far from having firm market grip but its focus on exclusives is notable. Its investment is also worth noting given that there are those who have already shown the interest in having a stake in it.

In the meantime, Apple s stock closed at $143.34 a fall of $0.32 or 0.22%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s stock had its  positive  rating restated by research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. They presently have a $150.00 target price on the iPhone maker s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc s price objective indicates a potential upside of 4.65% from the stock s previous close.

A number of other equities analysts have also commented on the company. Bank of America Corp raised their price objective on Apple from $125.00 to $140.00 and gave the stock a  buy  rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Guggenheim raised their price objective on Apple from $150.00 to $180.00 and gave the stock a  buy  rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an  outperform  rating and issued a $150.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Drexel Hamilton reiterated a  buy  rating and issued a $185.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Rosenblatt Securities set a $102.00 price target on Apple and gave the company a  hold  rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, forty-one have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of  Buy  and an average price target of $146.08.

Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 143.34 on Wednesday. The stock s 50 day moving average price is $137.18 and its 200 day moving average price is $120.20. Apple has a one year low of $89.47 and a one year high of $145.46. The firm has a market capitalization of $752.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.21 and a beta of 1.26.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The iPhone maker reported $3.36 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters  consensus estimate of $3.22 by $0.14. The business earned $78.35 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts  expectations of $77.37 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The firm s revenue for the quarter was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $3.28 EPS. Analysts expect that Apple will post $8.95 EPS for the current fiscal year.

WARNING: This article was originally reported by Community Financial News and is the property of of Community Financial News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.com-unik.info/2017/04/10/apple-inc-aapl-receives-positive-rating-from-goldman-sachs-group-inc-updated.html.

In other Apple news, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 10,942 shares of the company s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $119.99, for a total value of $1,312,930.58. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Luca Maestri sold 20,307 shares of the company s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $145.05, for a total transaction of $2,945,530.35. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 14,390 shares in the company, valued at $2,087,269.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 477,586 shares of company stock worth $62,207,258 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 0.08% of the company s stock.

Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Armbruster Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 35.1% in the third quarter. Armbruster Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,024 shares of the iPhone maker s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 266 shares during the last quarter. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Apple during the third quarter valued at $122,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter valued at $127,000. D. Scott Neal Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 701.3% in the third quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 1,202 shares of the iPhone maker s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,052 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Welch Investments LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter valued at $146,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 58.76% of the company s stock.

About Apple

Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings.

What are top analysts saying about Apple Inc.? - Enter your email address in the form below to receive our free daily email newsletter that contains the latest headlines and analysts' recommendations for for Apple Inc. and related companies. What's Fueling Investor Confidence? - Apple Inc. (AAPL), Wells Fargo & Company ... Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 62.61% since bottoming out at $89.47 on May. 12, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.22% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 24.3% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -1.46% from $144.5 , the 52-week high touched on Apr. 05, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 34.7% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) s shares projecting a $147 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

AAPL s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 14.8% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 3.3% looks unattractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Apple Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 20.73%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 4.59%, and the sector s average is 4.62%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector.

Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -8.58% since hitting a peak level of $59.99 on Mar. 01, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -6.58% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 0.19% so far on the year   still in weak zone. In this case, shares are 27.84% higher from $43.55, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Oct. 04, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 23.22% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $54.84, WFC has a chance to add $4.23 or 7.71% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($59.07) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.7 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 0.93 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Wells Fargo & Company s EPS growth has been nearly 7.2%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 7.46%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Wells Fargo & Company s ROE is 11.78%, while industry s is 16.05%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 15.39%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. WFC s ROA is 1.19%, while industry s average is 2.31%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 2.43. Inside Selling: Luca Maestri Sold 20307 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL), Northwest ... Apple Inc s Senior Vice President   CFO, Luca Maestri, unloaded 20,307 shares of stock in the company. The approx. average share price was $145.0, for full sale amount of $2,945,516 USD. Luca is trying to decrease his company s share, same as he did in the last 30 days. He unloaded another 17,897 shares worth $2,508,801 USD. At the moment, Luca Maestri owns 657 shares which are around 0.0000% of the Company s total market cap.

Northwest Pipe Company is a manufacturer of engineered steel pipe water systems. The company has market cap of $130.02 million. The Firm operates through two divisions. It currently has negative earnings. The Water Transmission segment produces steel pipeline systems for use in drinking water infrastructure, and has approximately eight manufacturing facilities, located in Portland, Oregon; Denver, Colorado; Adelanto, California; Parkersburg, West Virginia; Saginaw, Texas; St.

The stock decreased 2.26% or $0.32 on April 7, reaching $13.85. About shares traded. Northwest Pipe Company (NASDAQ:NWPX) has risen 19.60% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 11.10% the S&P500.

Analysts await Northwest Pipe Company (NASDAQ:NWPX) to report earnings on May, 3. They expect $-0.33 EPS, up 67.00% or $0.67 from last year s $-1 per share. After $0.07 actual EPS reported by Northwest Pipe Company for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -571.43% negative EPS growth.

Eidelman Virant Capital holds 1.34% of its portfolio in Northwest Pipe Company for 136,328 shares. Pacific Ridge Capital Partners Llc owns 200,906 shares or 1.24% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Adirondack Research & Management Inc. has 0.78% invested in the company for 132,933 shares. The Wisconsin-based Heartland Advisors Inc has invested 0.49% in the stock. Eam Investors Llc, a California-based fund reported 106,045 shares.

Ratings analysis reveals 50% of Northwest Pipe Company s analysts are positive. Out of 2 Wall Street analysts rating Northwest Pipe Company, 1 give it  Buy , 0  Sell  rating, while 1 recommend  Hold . The lowest target is $10 while the high is $24. The stock s average target of $17 is 22.74% above today s ($13.85) share price. NWPX was included in 3 notes of analysts from August 7, 2015.

Apple Inc. designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The company has market cap of $750.36 billion. The Company s services and products include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. It has a 17.16 P/E ratio. The Firm also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store.

Investors sentiment decreased to 0.79 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.03, from 0.82 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 90 investors sold Apple Inc. shares while 975 reduced holdings. 123 funds opened positions while 723 raised stakes. 3.04 billion shares or 1.85% more from 2.98 billion shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Oakwood Mngmt Limited Liability Com Ca reported 62,984 shares or 1.87% of all its holdings. California-based Quantum Cap Mngmt has invested 0.6% in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Bahl Gaynor Incorporated owns 499,101 shares. Congress Asset Mgmt Com Ma has invested 1.58% in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Flow Traders Us Lc stated it has 100 shares. Agran Libbie accumulated 207,291 shares or 5.81% of the stock. Pioneer Inv Management Inc accumulated 9.38 million shares or 3.82% of the stock. 1.71 million are owned by Jensen Inv Management. Condor reported 1.37% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Endurance Wealth Mngmt has invested 1.66% in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). 27,504 were accumulated by Hollencrest Secs Ltd Co. Regentatlantic Cap Ltd Liability Corp holds 2.51% or 222,262 shares in its portfolio. Swedbank accumulated 8.89 million shares or 8.13% of the stock. Ntv Asset Lc invested in 1.59% or 39,898 shares. Signature Est & Inv Advsr Lc owns 15,707 shares or 0.25% of their US portfolio.

The stock decreased 0.22% or $0.32 during the last trading session, reaching $143.34. About 752 shares traded. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has risen 34.30% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 25.79% the S&P500.

Analysts await Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to report earnings on April, 25. They expect $2.00 EPS, up 5.26% or $0.10 from last year s $1.9 per share. AAPL s profit will be $10.47B for 17.92 P/E if the $2.00 EPS becomes a reality. After $3.36 actual EPS reported by Apple Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -40.48% negative EPS growth. Holding Steady Above Moving Average Trend Lines are Shares of Apple Inc ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares are holding above their moving averages, indicating a postitive uptrend for Consumer Goods company.

In order to tell which way a stock is trending, the stock s share price should be compared to its moving average. The stock will be uptrending if it is being traded above its moving averages and downtrending if it is being traded below. The stock stands 4.62% away from its 50-day simple moving average and 23.49% away from the 200-day average. The price currently stands at $143.42.

An uptrend occurs when a stock makes trends higher due to consecutive higher highs and higher lows over a period of time. Each relative high is above the previous high while each relative low is higher than the previous low. An uptrend stays a trend until the series of higher highs and higher lows has ended. A downside movement of a rising trend line should be considered to be a sell signal, and is usually an indication that the uptrend will end soon. The uptrend is considered to be finished whenever a lower high or lower low is formed.

Recent Performance

Let s take a look at how the stock has been performing recently. Over the past twelve months, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s stock was 24.30%. 22.09% over the last quarter, and 27.05% for the past six months.

Over the past 50 days, Apple Inc. stock was -1.40% off of the high and 19.42% removed from the low. Their 52-Week High and Low are noted here. -1.40% (High), 62.70%, (Low).

RSI

The RSI (Relative Strength Index), an indicator that shows price strength by comparing upward and downward close-to-close movements is 64.18 for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).

Returns & Recommendation



The consensus analysts recommendation at this point stands at 2.00 on this stock. This is based on a 1-5 scale where 1 indicates a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. The Street has a 147.00 target price on the shares for the next 12-18 months.

The information provided on this website is for individual use only and should be considered strictly informational in nature. The article is not advice, and should not be treated as such. We are in no way responsible for any investment loss or damages. All content in our articles is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities. Neither the information presented nor any statement or expression of opinion, or any other matter herein, directly or indirectly constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any securities.

Viewers should always consult with a licensed securities professional before purchasing or selling any securities of companies profiled or discussed in our articles. It is possible that a viewer s entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled. We make no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled or discussed in on our website should be purchased, sold or held by investors. Gartner forecasts worldwide IT spending to rise 1.4 pct in 2017  
2017-04-03
1 Awesome Feature Coming to This Year's Apple Inc. iPhone Models In early 2016, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) launched the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. One of the most interesting features of the device was the inclusion of a True Tone display. Per Apple, this technology uses "advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to automatically adapt the color and intensity of the display to match the light in your environment."

Unfortunately, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones launched in the fall of 2017 didn't include this technology. However, per a new research report from Barclays (via MacRumors), it looks as though this year's iPhone models -- all three of them -- will get the True Tone display.

A nice improvement

Apple's OLED iPhone -- which is widely referred to as the iPhone 8 -- is likely to pack many significant new features compared to the current iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models. The addition of True Tone display to the iPhone 8 is likely to be just one of many compelling new features that could potentially drive significant upgrade activity among current iPhone users, as well as possible defections from premium Android smartphone users.

The more standard iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, on the other hand, are rumored to have much less interesting updates.

For example, rumors seem to point to similar -- if not identical -- industrial designs for the iPhone 7s/7s Plus relative to the iPhone 7/7 Plus phones. In a world increasingly populated with stylish smartphones that likely more closely resemble Apple's upcoming iPhone 8 rather than Apple's relatively dated-looking iPhone 7/7 Plus, Apple will need some incredibly compelling and useful features to make the iPhone 7s/7s Plus attractive to customers if the rumors about the 7s/7s Plus designs are true.

Features like True Tone, which really do enhance the user experience, can certainly help in that respect.

What else can Apple bring to the "standard" iPhone models?

A True Tone display likely won't be enough to really get customers excited about the "standard" iPhone 7s/iPhone 7s Plus models. Given that Apple is in the business of trying to develop products that excite customers, it's worth speculating a bit about what other features Apple could bring to these devices.

To start, there's plenty of room for Apple to improve its camera subsystems. Apple used to be known for offering unmatched camera experiences on its iPhones, but lately the competition has been able to field extremely competitive cameras -- in some cases, arguably better than what Apple currently sells.

For example, the iPhone 7 scores 86 in camera performance tests performed by DXOMark. This makes the camera one of the best smartphone cameras out there, but among its peers in the premium smartphone space, it's hardly the leader. The Huawei P10 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus score an 87; the Galaxy S7 Edge and HTC 10 achieve scores of 88; and the Pixel tops the charts with a score of 89.

If Apple wants a nice selling point for even its potentially stale-looking iPhone 7s/7s Plus, it could start by equipping them with cameras that can top the competition in DXOMark's tests (though it would be OK if they lost to the camera subsystem found inside of the OLED-packing iPhone 8).

Along with a large leap in camera performance and the addition of a True Tone display, Apple is rumored to be adding some type of fast-charging technology to its 2017 iPhone lineup. This is one of those features that has long been present in competing smartphones that has the potential to make life much more convenient for iPhone users.

In addition to the above improvements, Apple is also likely to bring a boost in processor, graphics, and wireless performance this year -- as is standard for new iPhone launches. Apple: Key Analyst Research Themes  1 More Negative for This Small Apple Inc. Supplier By this point, the tech investment community is probably aware of graphics specialist Imagination Technologies' (NASDAQOTH: IGNMF) announcement that Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has decided to abandon the former's graphics technology for entirely internally developed technology.

Continue Reading Below

This is very clearly devastating news for Imagination, which relied on Apple for more than half of its revenue during its fiscal year 2016. If that Apple-related revenue completely dries up, it's hard to see how Imagination can survive as a stand-alone entity with its current corporate cost structure.

Image source: Imagination Tech.

Even if Imagination eventually finds a way to get around the potential financial devastation that losing the Apple revenue stream would cause the company, there's a big risk Imagination now faces as its future hangs in the balance.

Would you stay at Imagination?

For a moment, try to put yourself in the shoes of a current Imagination engineer. Prior to this announcement, you were probably aware that Imagination was facing some financial difficulties, but at the same time, you knew that -- if you could do your job well -- you'd probably be able to count on having a well-paying job for the foreseeable future since Apple depends heavily on the technologies you are working on.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

Following Apple's recent notice to Imagination and the subsequent public dissemination of that notice, Imagination's future is now incredibly uncertain because of Imagination's heavy reliance on Apple.

So, if you are such an engineer, and you've got a mortgage to pay and a family to feed, what's the next logical step considering this uncertainty? You're going to start sending out your resumes to companies with more certain futures.

For example, Apple has been making a lot of noise about building up a graphics team in the U.K -- no doubt in support of Apple's ambitions to cease using Imagination's technology in favor of internally developed technologies. I'm sure Apple would be happy to bring aboard more of Imagination's engineering staff to help it design its next-generation graphics processors.

It's not just Apple that would likely be willing to employ Imagination's engineering staff. Companies like ARM Holdings (Imagination's major competitor in mobile graphics technology licensing) andQualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) (the market share leader in mobile applications processors) are surely on the hunt for great mobile graphics talent, too.

I could also see Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) potentially wanting to grab some of this talent, as it seems to be working to improve its internal graphics efforts (which are certainly in need of work to make them more efficient) in service of its personal computer and Internet of Things products.

The point is, there are a lot of companies out there that would be interested in hiring engineers known for building some of the world's best low-power mobile graphics technologies, and I wouldn't be surprised to see some, if not all, of these companies step up their efforts in trying to recruit Imagination's (likely much more receptive) engineering talent in the near to medium term.

Brain drain is a huge risk

Even if Imagination somehow manages to ink a deal with Apple that allows it to live to fight another day, the potential brain drain Imagination could suffer in the meantime could weaken the company's long-term ability to develop and market competitive technologies.

Things don't look good for the company right now.

10 stocks we like better than IMAGINATION TECH GRP PLC

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now...and IMAGINATION TECH GRP PLC wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017.



Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Try This Apple Inc. Trade Before the Correction Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been sweet to investors over the past couple weeks. But don t let your imagination get the best of you   even the biggest and best companies correct. And while nobody expects Apple to sour overnight, being positioned for that strategy makes plenty of cents   er, sense, too.

Let me explain.

British Apple supplier Imagination Technologies is finding out the hard way what it means to lose a contract with the world s largest publicly traded company   and when business is heavily concentrated in having that relationship work.

In Monday s session, foreign-listed shares of the chip designer plunged by roughly 70% after Apple announced is making an internal move to manufacture its own graphics processor units (GPUs) within the next two years.

Investors aren t exactly applauding the news over at Apple. But with shares situated just off all-time highs following a fairly hefty and extended price run, maybe the reaction is more akin to a  bugger off!  ennui.

The Weekly Chart of Apple Stock



Click to Enlarge Technically, Apple has made quite a run over the past few months. From Apple s corrective low of $90 set last May, shares are up a whopping 60%. In the process, Apple has also reclaimed the undisputed title of world s largest publicly traded company by a massively wide margin.

During the past few months, shares have also become increasingly sweet   perhaps too much so. It s my view that given this evolving price action, Newton s law of gravity looks ripe.

One need only look at the provided weekly chart to appreciate how very different the rally off the corrective lows has been over the course of the move higher.

From a fairly cautious-looking beginning with waves of buying followed by more modest periods of selling over several months, 2017 has been marked by a much more confident program of hugging the upper Bollinger Band with nary a pullback. That s looking technically troublesome for Apple in the short-term.

It s important to know that the trend is your friend, right up until it s not. Generally, this transition doesn t happen out of the blue, and instead occurs when it looks like there s nothing but blue skies ahead.

Apple is exhibiting this behavior right now.

Don t get me wrong: I m not bearish on Apple; I m simply cognizant of the chart, which clearly has captivated bulls  imaginations. But it more likely has 3% to 7% downside before making a similar run back to the upside.

How to Trade Apple Right Now

At the moment, I like the 5 May $140/$136/$130 put butterfly.

This trade is priced for a small debit of 30 cents with Apple shares at $143.75. This position carries minimal risk if the stock fails to drop below $140 (roughly 3%) over the next month.

The risk control is a nice feature of this variation on the butterfly spread, especially with earnings slated later this month. Below $140, the position can profit similar to short stock on a move down to $136. At expiration, the potential maximum gain is $3.70 per spread, representing a corrective move of nearly 6%.

The real risk for traders anticipating a pullback while using this strategy is recognizing the impact of the lower and wider $136/$130 embedded bull put spread. The trader s breakeven at expiration is $132.30. This allows for a maximum loss of $2.05 if Apple falls below $130 at expiration.

Bottom line: If you believe that corrective moves are meant to be bought, then this trade could turn a potentially sour move into a very sweet opportunity.

Investment accounts under Christopher Tyler s management do not currently own positions in any of the securities or their derivatives mentioned in this article. The information offered is based upon Christopher Tyler s observations and strictly intended for educational purposes only; the use of which is the responsibility of the individual. For additional market insights and related musings, follow Chris on Twitter @Options_CAT. How Soon Will India Replace China For Apple? In 2016, iPhone sales in India grew by 50%. However, the absolute numbers are probably less impressive.

The demographic structure of the Indian market is more preferable for Apple than that of the Chinese market.

In the context of the basic parameters of the smartphone market, India is where China was six years ago.

Looking ahead, we're seeing some very exciting developments in India. (Timothy Donald Cook)

Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) entry into the Chinese market, followed by the record sales growth, was the key driver of doubling of the company's shares in the period from 2013 to 2015. However, when this market demonstrated signs of saturation, its price decreased.

Now, in order to continue the stable growth of capitalization, Apple needs a new market that would have potential comparable with that of the Chinese market. Today, the only similar market in the whole world is India. Apple has long been well aware of this and, therefore, has been taking steps to enter and secure a foothold in this market. This is evidenced by the fact that Tim Cook, the CEO of Apple, recently visited India in order to discuss the opening of retail stores with the Prime Minister of the country.

Before sharing my thoughts on the potential for Apple's products in India, I would like to point out that by saying "Apple's products" I basically mean the iPhone. According to last quarter, the sales of smartphones accounted for 69% of the total Apple's revenue, and the dynamics suggest that the situation will not change in the near future.

Let's take a look at India in the context of the key parameters of the smartphone market.

According to the study conducted by Google and The Boston Consulting Group, from 2015 to 2020, the number of smartphone users in India will double, amounting to 520 million, or 39% of the country's projected population:

These indicators are exactly comparable with those of China back in the year 2014:

In other words, in the context of the quantitative amount of the smartphone market, India is where China was six years ago. The sales of Apple's products in China peaked in 2015. It means a similar boom in India can be expected only in 2021.

Let's compare the demographics of India and China.

According to current projections, in fifteen years, the population of India will overtake that of China, and it needs no comment:

Source: statisticstimes.com

In demographic terms, India is a young country. More than 50% of its population is under the age of 25:

Source: CIA

It is noteworthy that this age structure will not undergo substantial changes in the next twenty years.

The situation in China is different. More than 50% of China's population is in the age range of 25-45:

And in the next twenty years, this range will rise to 40-65 years.

The prospects of the demographic situation are directly related to Apple, as the main buyers of smartphones are mostly young people. For example, in China, the highest smartphone penetration is among the individuals in the age range of 18-24. I am sure the situation in India is similar.

We can make an interim conclusion: in terms of the age structure of the population, in the long term, India is even more preferable for Apple than China because there will probably be a larger number of potential smartphone buyers. But only in the long term.

The economic liberalization that started in India in 1991 involves the growth of the middle class - the main potential consumer of Apple products.

Back in 1991, the income structures of the population of India and China were similar - the average annual income of more than 90% of the population was less than $5,000. However, in 2015, the so-called middle class (with annual revenues between $10,000 to $45,000) in China amounted to 33.6%, compared to only 23.4% in India.

Source: livemint.com

China expands its economy toward the domestic consumption, which guarantees that its middle class will grow for many years to come. At the same time, India continues on the path of industrialization, and the country's domestic demand remains weak, at least judging by the sales of durable goods, as well as the growth rate of customer credit.

In my opinion, in the context of the formation of consumer demand necessary for Apple, India still has a long way to go, which is clearly not limited to the next few years.

Apple does not disclose the exact sales figures in India. All that we can analyze is the dynamics of the segment "Rest of Asia-Pacific", which includes India.

According to the results of 2016, Tim Cook, the CEO of Apple, stated the following:

Our iPhone sales in India were up over 50% in fiscal 2016 compared to the prior year...

Perhaps, the growth is impressive percentage-wise, but if you look at the dynamics of absolute changes in Apple's sales by region, it becomes apparent that the region "Rest of Asia-Pacific" still cannot be compared to the dynamics that China showed two years ago.

PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER

In the long term, India may become an even bigger market for Apple than China. However, in the near future, the consumer demand and the current phase of development of the smartphone market in India indicate the low probability of Apple's double-digit revenue growth in this market.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 1 Awesome Feature Coming to This Years Apple Inc. iPhone Models In early 2016, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) launched the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. One of the most interesting features of the device was the inclusion of a True Tone display. Per Apple, this technology uses "advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to automatically adapt the color and intensity of the display to match the light in your environment."

Continue Reading Below

Unfortunately, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones launched in the fall of 2017 didn't include this technology. However, per a new research report from Barclays(via MacRumors), it looks as though this year's iPhone models -- all three of them -- will get the True Tone display.

Image source: Apple.

A nice improvement

Apple's OLED iPhone -- which is widely referred to as the iPhone 8 -- is likely to pack many significant new features compared to the current iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models. The addition of True Tone display to the iPhone 8 is likely to be just one of many compelling new features that could potentially drive significant upgrade activity among current iPhone users, as well as possible defections from premium Android smartphone users.

The more standard iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, on the other hand, are rumored to have much less interesting updates.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

For example, rumors seem to point to similar -- if not identical -- industrial designs for the iPhone 7s/7s Plus relative to the iPhone 7/7 Plus phones. In a world increasingly populated with stylish smartphones that likely more closely resemble Apple's upcoming iPhone 8 rather than Apple's relatively dated-looking iPhone 7/7 Plus, Apple will need some incredibly compelling and useful features to make the iPhone 7s/7s Plus attractive to customers if the rumors about the 7s/7s Plus designs are true.

Features like True Tone, which really do enhance the user experience, can certainly help in that respect.

What else can Apple bring to the "standard" iPhone models?

A True Tone display likely won't be enough to really get customers excited about the "standard" iPhone 7s/iPhone 7s Plus models. Given that Apple is in the business of trying to develop products that excite customers, it's worth speculating a bit about what other features Apple could bring to these devices.

To start, there's plenty of room for Apple to improve its camera subsystems. Apple used to be known for offering unmatched camera experiences on its iPhones, but lately the competition has been able to field extremely competitive cameras -- in some cases, arguably better than what Apple currently sells.

For example, the iPhone 7 scores 86 in camera performance tests performed by DXOMark. This makes the camera one of the best smartphone cameras out there, but among its peers in the premium smartphone space, it's hardly the leader. The Huawei P10 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus score an 87; the Galaxy S7 Edge and HTC 10 achieve scores of 88; and the Pixel tops the charts with a score of 89.

If Apple wants a nice selling point for even its potentially stale-looking iPhone 7s/7s Plus, it could start by equipping them with cameras that can top the competition in DXOMark's tests (though it would be OK if they lost to the camera subsystem found inside of the OLED-packing iPhone 8).

Along with a large leap in camera performance and the addition of a True Tone display, Apple is rumored to be adding some type of fast-charging technology to its 2017 iPhone lineup. This is one of those features that has long been present in competing smartphones that has the potential to make life much more convenient for iPhone users.

In addition to the above improvements, Apple is also likely to bring a boost in processor, graphics, and wireless performance this year -- as is standard for new iPhone launches.

10 stocks we like better than Apple

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017



Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Monday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Comcast ... U.S. stock futures are headed for a mixed open this morning, as pressure from falling oil prices applies pressure in the first trading day of the second quarter. Crude fell in Asian trading due to global oversupply worries in the wake of higher U.S. rig counts and rising U.S. shale production. A stronger U.S. dollar also put pressure on oil prices, and is helping to pressure futures early this morning.

Against this backdrop, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are up 0.07%, S&P 500 futures are almost flat and Nasdaq-100 futures have gained 0.1%.

On the options front, volume came in relatively average considering both the quarter and the month came to an end on Friday. Overall, only about 13.6 million calls and 12.4 million puts changed hands on Friday. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio ticked lower to 0.56, while the 10-day moving average held at 0.64 for a third consecutive session.

Driving Friday s options volume, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) remained on top among options traders after outperforming all other Dow stocks for the quarter. Elsewhere, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) capped a strong week of gains by throwing its hat in the ring of bidders for Toshiba s NAND flash memory unit. Finally, Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA ) trades ex-dividend today, driving heavy call volume.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Judging by the first quarter, 2017 could be a banner year for AAPL stock. The shares outperformed all others on the Dow Jones, gaining more than 23% so far on the year.

The quarter was marked by a strong corporate earnings and plenty of speculation surrounding the next iteration of the iPhone. While AAPL stock has consolidated in recent sessions, the shares remain just shy of all-time high territory and should be bolstered by growing round-number support in the $140 region.

Options traders appear to be rallying behind the recent strength, as Friday s volume topped 895,000 contracts, with calls snapping up 63% of the day s take. What s more, the April put/call open interest ratio may have put in a top on Wednesday last week, as the reading has moderated from a peak of 0.96 to hover at 0.95 for the past two sessions. A reversal higher could be a sign of short-term concern, but if today s activity drives the reading lower, we could see AAPL trend higher heading into April expiration.

Next Page Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Might Launch Premium TV Bundle Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is said to be working to launch a premium TV bundle, according to a report from Recode.

According to the report, the Cupertino-based tech giant is planning to sell consumers a premium TV bundle, which combines HBO, Showtime, and Starz.

 Apple already sells each of those channels individually. But it has approached the three networks about rolling them up into a single package, as conventional pay TV operators sometimes do,  Recode reported.

Unlike traditional pay TV operators that consumers to subscribe to a basic level of TV channels to get a premium bundle, Apple plans to sell the bundle as standalone product, delivered via its iOS devices and Apple TV set-top box, the report said.

Citing industry sources, the publication reported that the iPhone maker does not  have a bundle deal in place with any of the premium networks. 

Currently, Apple offers HBO for $15 a month, Showtime for $11 a month, and Starz for $9 a month. It is clear yet what price the company is seeking for its proposed premium bundle.

Eddy Cue, senior vice president of Internet Software and Services at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), has said that traditional TV networks are not  willing to make the concessions he wants to sell a TV package.  However,  a premium bundle would be much easier, since he already sells those networks individually. The main question would be the price and the percentage of revenue the network owners would want,  Recode reported.

Meanwhile, Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) closed 0.19% down on Friday. The stock is up more than 24% year-to-date, versus a 5.53% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. During the last 12 months, AAPL has gained 30.61%.

In other Apple news, the tech giant is said to launch a completely new iPhone model in September this year. Dubbed the iPhone 8, the premium handset is rumored to come with revolutionary features.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Apple Fellow Rich Page on 'stealing jobs' and Chowbotics' salad-making robots When we first wrote about Chowbotics, their salad-making robot, which was then just a prototype, stirred a bit of controversy. The company promises to bring nutritious dining options to offices that don t have a big cafeteria and budget to employ full-time chefs. But, like other food automation technologies, their robot, Sally, threatens to put a number of people out of work if it replaces prep cooks in restaurants.

This week, we interviewed Chowbotics Executive Chairman Rich Page, who worked alongside Steve Jobs pioneering personal computer design at Apple Inc. and as a co-founder of NeXT Computer. He and Chowbotics CEO Deepak Sekar gave TechCrunch a first look at the finished robot. Sally will soon be installed and start dishing out the greens in venues from co-working spaces to hospitals.

What makes Sally different than a vending machine, Page explained, is the use of sensors and various moving parts inside.  A vending machine will just drop things out,  he said.  There s significant motion in here. The primary weight sensor controls the amount Sally dispenses of each ingredient. Users  choices determine which ingredients are used at all. 

Chopped, whole and liquid ingredients are stored in individual tubes, and the system knows which is in each, whether it s a dressing, vegetable, cheese or other toppings. The tubes are filled at least once a day by people. The system sends alerts to customers when any ingredient is running low and needs a refill.

Making sure the robot s design was compact enough, and durable enough to be used repeatedly in office and retail environments was a major challenge the company had to overcome. According to Sekar, the startup has been fielding inquiries from hospitals, which like the idea of salads prepared hygienically by robots, rather than under a  sneeze guard  at a traditional salad bar.

Does the startup worry about  stealing jobs ? Page says the company, and others involved in food automation and robotics, shouldn t hold back on innovation:  There s always some trade-off between existing jobs and new jobs. This causes some frustration in the world. But in general the world goes farther, and things get better for everybody. 

He reflected on the early days of his career when typing pools were replaced by word processors, and spreadsheets migrated from paper to a program called Visicalc that ran on the Apple II. Page said,  You can argue that put some people out of work, but it created an increase in productivity, too. 

Featured Image: TechCrunch Apple has ordered 70 mln units of OLED panels from Samsung this year - Nikkei, citing sources  
2017-04-08
How Apple Inc. Makes Most of Its Money It shouldn't surprise anyone that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) makes most of its money from the iPhone. After its initial launch in mid-2007, the iPhone gradually replaced the iPod as Apple's biggest revenue driver. Between fiscal 2008 and 2016, Apple's iPhone shipments surged from 11.6 million to 211.9 million. During that period, Apple's annual revenue rose from $32.5 billion to $215.6 billion.

The seminal iPhone helped Apple crush former mobile kings Nokia and BlackBerry, sparked a tech shift which turned Microsoft and Intel into underdogs, and made it the most valuable company in the world with a market cap of about $750 billion. Let's take a closer look at how important the iPhone is to Apple, and why its success is also a double-edged sword.

How much does the iPhone matter to Apple?

The annual launch of new iPhones remains one of the biggest tech events of the year for consumers, tech journalists, Wall Street analysts, and investors. But demand for the phones has clearly been slowing, due to competition from high-end Android rivals and the saturation of major markets like the U.S. and China. That's why last year's 211.9 million shipments actually represent an 8% decline from the 231.2 million units the company shipped in 2015.

However, analysts believe that the tenth-anniversary iPhone 8 -- which will likely feature a glass body, edge-to-edge bezel-less OLED screen, and numerous hardware improvements -- will get growth back on track. Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski believes that iPhone shipments in calendar 2017 will reach 230 million. Last quarter, Apple's iPhone sales grew 5% annually and accounted for a whopping 69% of the company's top line.

Apple produces iPhones for about $200 and sells them for over $600. That total excludes R&D, marketing, and other expenses, but it still allows Apple to make a lot more money than Android OEMs, which are selling their devices at much thinner margins. That's why research firm Strategy Analytics reported that at the end of 2016, Apple raked in 79% of the entire smartphone industry's profits, despite controlling just 18% of the global market. That's also why Apple constantly promotes its devices as luxury products.

It's also how Apple takes prisoners

But it's not just the hardware revenue that matters to Apple -- the iPhone also represents the easiest way to lock users into iOS. After iPhone users start buying apps and media from the App Store and iTunes, they're less likely to leave behind their purchases by switching to Android devices.

Apple clearly knows that its lock-in strategy works. That's why it boldly launched an "upgrade" program which lets people pay for their iPhones on a monthly basis for two years. That plan also gives customers AppleCare+ coverage, and works with all carriers since users are buying an unsubsidized device. After 12 months, users can switch to the latest iPhone to reset the payment process.

It's highly unlikely that an Android OEM can launch a comparable "forever" plan, since Android users can easily swap between handset brands without losing all their Google Play content.

It's a launchpad for Apple Services

That brand loyalty makes the iPhone an ideal launch pad for Apple's growing Services business, which includes the App Store, iTunes, iBooks, AppleCare, Apple Pay, and Apple Music. CEO Tim Cook has repeatedly stated that Apple plans to grow its software services to offset its gradual slowdown in iPhone sales. Apple's Services revenue rose 18% annually and accounted for 9% of its top line last quarter, but there have been a few speed bumps.

Apple claims that Apple Pay's user base tripled over the past year, but Loup Venture recently claimed that just 13% of iPhone users have ever used the service. Wal-Mart still doesn't accept Apple Pay, and the service is still being trampled by Tencent's WePay and Alibaba's AliPay in China. Apple Music hit 20 million paid subscribers at the end of 2016, but questions about the platform's profit margins persist.

Why is the iPhone a double-edged sword?

It's easy to see why the iPhone is a double-edged sword. As long as iPhone sales are rising year-over-year, investors will be happy. But once interest in the iPhone finally fades, Apple needs new products and services to pick up the slack.

Mac sales rose and iPad annual sales fell last quarter, but their combined sales only accounted for 16% of Apple's revenues. The Apple Watch still generates so little revenue that it's included in the Other Products category, along with iPods, Apple TV, and Beats audio devices.

No one is sure what Apple's next big move will be -- whether it be new hardware products, media acquisitions, or connected cars -- but most investors agree that it needs to reduce the weight of the mighty iPhone on its top line. Insider Trading Activity Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)   Insider Sold 11949 shares ... Insider Trading Activity For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Daniel J Riccio , Insider of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) reportedly Sold 11,949 shares of the company s stock at an average price of 143.98 for a total transaction amount of $1,720,417.02 SEC Form

Insider Trading History For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

On 11/1/2012 D Bruce Sewell, SVP, sold 5,137 with an average share price of $600.00 per share and the total transaction amounting to $3,082,200.00. View SEC Filing

On 11/19/2012 Robert A Iger, Director, bought 1,780 with an average share price of $563.35 per share and the total transaction amounting to $1,002,763.00. View SEC Filing

On 6/24/2013 Jeffrey E Williams, SVP, sold 36,819 with an average share price of $401.76 per share and the total transaction amounting to $14,792,401.44. View SEC Filing

On 7/24/2013 Peter Oppenheimer, CFO, sold 37,172 with an average share price of $440.31 per share and the total transaction amounting to $16,367,203.32. View SEC Filing

On 7/29/2013 Millard S Drexler, Director, sold 32,562 with an average share price of $449.11 per share and the total transaction amounting to $14,623,919.82. View SEC Filing

On 8/14/2013 Philip Schiller, SVP, sold 37,172 with an average share price of $500.00 per share and the total transaction amounting to $18,586,000.00. View SEC Filing

On 8/16/2013 Daniel Riccio, SVP, sold 4,305 with an average share price of $500.09 per share and the total transaction amounting to $2,152,887.45. View SEC Filing

Analyst Ratings For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 8 Hold Ratings, 39 Buy Ratings, 1 Strong Buy Rating .

The current consensus rating for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is Buy (Score: 2.82) with a consensus target price of $146.67 , a potential (2.32% upside)

Analyst Ratings History For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

On 5/3/2016 Sterne Agee CRT Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $135.00

On 5/12/2016 Berenberg Bank Reiterated Rating Sell with a price target of $80.00

On 5/26/2016 B. Riley Reiterated Rating Buy

On 5/29/2016 XYZ Research Initiated Coverage of rating Buy with a price target of $110.00

On 7/27/2016 Independent Research GmbH Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $125.00

On 9/8/2016 S&P Equity Research Reiterated Rating Strong-Buy

On 9/9/2016 Argus Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $135.00

Dividend Information For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) pays an annual dividend of $2.28 with a yield of 1.59% and an average dividend growth of 9.80% (3 Year Average).

Dividend History For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

On 1/23/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.38 2.41% with an ex dividend date of 2/7/2013 which will be payable on 2/14/2013.

On 4/23/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.44 3.01% with an ex dividend date of 5/9/2013 which will be payable on 5/16/2013.

On 7/24/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.44 2.77% with an ex dividend date of 8/8/2013 which will be payable on 8/15/2013.

On 10/28/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.44 2.32% with an ex dividend date of 11/6/2013 which will be payable on 11/14/2013.

On 1/27/2014 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.44 2.41% with an ex dividend date of 2/6/2014 which will be payable on 2/13/2014.

On 4/23/2014 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.47 2.32% with an ex dividend date of 5/8/2014 which will be payable on 5/15/2014.

On 7/22/2014 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.47 1.94% with an ex dividend date of 8/7/2014 which will be payable on 8/14/2014.

About Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp.

Recent Trading Activity for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Shares of Apple Inc. closed the previous trading session at 143.34 down -0.32 -0.22% with 16,672,198 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. People Are More Satisfied With Microsoft Surface Than Apple iPad (MSFT, AAPL) Microsoft Corporation s (NASDAQ: MSFT ) Surface customers are the happiest and most satisfied when it comes to user experience, and this feeling is far deeper than it is for those using Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) iPads.

According to J.D. Power, the reason people are more satisfied using the Surface than the iPad is that the former boasts not just of better features, but its design and styling factors are also superior.

Apple s Jony Ive will really be disheartened to learn this.

Microsoft Surface vs. Apple iPad

In J.D. Power s U.S. Tablet Satisfaction Study, the Surface scored 855 points (out of 1,000), beating Apple by six points. The Surface s connectivity, accessories and pre-loaded apps won the hearts of most users. Other factors such as the beauty of the design and the tablet s size and build also attracted buyers. According to the survey, Microsoft Surface owners were also found to use more accessories, including a stylus (48% vs. 27% industry average), physical keyboard (51% vs. 14%) and mouse (27% vs. 6%)

J.D. Power s vice president of service industries, Jeff Conklin, said,  The Microsoft Surface platform has expanded what tablets can do, and it sets the bar for customer satisfaction. These tablet devices are just as capable as many laptops, yet they can still function as standard tablets. This versatility is central to their appeal and success. 

It was found in the study that 51% of Microsoft customers believe they are usually the first ones in their circle of friends and colleagues to try new technology. This means that the majority of people choose Surface tablets instead of iPads when looking for the newest devices, notes CNBC.

Apple created the modern tablet computer market with the launch of the iPad in 2010. Thereafter, in 2012, Microsoft reinvested the segment by developing convertible tablets. In 2015, Apple then came up with its own convertible, the iPad Pro.

It must be noted that though Apple has seen a sharp decline in quarterly tablet sales, it still leads the market. The risk, however, exists for Apple to lose its bigger market share to Microsoft s tablets.

Other Survey Findings

The study, which was conducted between October and December 2016, was based on a sample of 2,238 U.S. tablet owners who have been using the device for less than a year. Users were asked to rate their tablets on five parameters: style and design, features, cost, performance and ease of operation.

The survey also found that average customer satisfaction with tablets has been rising. At 841, it is higher than the 2016 U.S. Tablet Satisfaction Study by 21 index points.

However, brands like LG Display Co Ltd. (ADR) (NYSE: LPL ), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Asus and Acer failed to meet this average, with scores of 836, 834, 812 and 814 respectively.

Second, when customers select a tablet, they give the most importance to factors like lower price and past experience, with reputation being the next most important criterion.

Third, the average screen length diagonally is important. The larger the screen length, the greater the satisfaction level.

Last, data plans also have much to do with satisfaction level. Customers with data plans had satisfaction levels as high as 863, while those without a plan scored just 834.

The post People Are More Satisfied With Microsoft Surface Than Apple iPad appeared first on ValueWalk.

Many academics claim investing is a  random walk.  We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name  ValueWalk.  Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) iPhone 8 Tipped to Sport Smart Connector, Again A new report from Israeli site The Verifier has today claimed that iPhone 8 is set to sport the iPad Pro Smart Connector, and it will be used for wireless charging and augmented reality features in the future.

Apple debuted the Smart Connector in 2015 with the introduction of its 12.9-inch iPad Pro. It was initially reported, by several news outlets, that last year s flagship iPhone would sport the Smart Connector that s mainly used to attach a keyboard to iPad Pro. Not a lot of hints were given about its functionality, however, but it was predicted that the Connector would be able to facilitate attachments on iPhone, for the first time.

To recall, it is reported that this year Apple is set to launch not two, but three variants of the flagship iPhone. Two of them would be the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus, while the third will be the 10th anniversary edition, or iPhone 8 as it is referred to in rumors. It is in that third variant that the Smart Connector is rumored to be present, for the same periphery connection purpose that it fulfills in iPad Pro.

The Verifier is a relatively new source for Apple news, but it is certainly making a good go of it to be reckoned as a reliable outlet for all things Apple. Previously, it has claimed that iOS 11, set to be released this summer at the Worldwide Developers Conference, will introduce a number of changes including FaceTime group video calling, and a massive Siri revamp to bring it up to speed. 
2017-04-04
Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors  Apple, Inc. Admits to Mac Pro Design Flaws, Promises New Model Coming It's just embarrassing at this point. For a company that famously demarcated the consumer and professional markets decades ago and worked hard to cater to each of those markets, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has rightfully received an incredible amount of criticism that it is seemingly neglecting the professional market (at least when it comes to desktop users). The Mac Pro, redesigned and launched in 2013, has continued to gather dust over the years with no updates whatsoever -- until now.

The big news today is that Apple invited a handful of journalists to its campus to deliver the message that a newly redesigned Mac Pro is coming. Not this year, but hopefully next. In the meantime, Apple will be bumping the specs of the Mac Pro for the first time in nearly four years.

"We're sorry"

Apple doesn't apologize often. The most recent and prominent apology was the Apple Maps fiasco from five years ago that contributed to Scott Forstall's ouster, in part because he reportedly refused to apologize; CEO Tim Cook had to apologize on Apple's behalf instead.

For the Mac Pro, Apple is implicitly admitting that its design -- the sleek black jet engine -- was flawed. Apple designed the system with dual GPUs, while creative professionals have been shifting toward a single, larger and more powerful GPU. The problem was that the current design had thermal limitations that couldn't accommodate a more powerful GPU. According to John Gruber, Marketing Chief Phil Schiller then uttered the S-word:

The current Mac Pro, as we've said a few times, was constrained thermally and it restricted our ability to upgrade it. And for that, we're sorry to disappoint customers who wanted that, and we've asked the team to go and rearchitect and design something great for the future that those Mac Pro customers who want more expandability, more upgradability in the future. It'll meet more of those needs.

Schiller's famous line from the 2013 unveiling, "Can't innovate anymore, my [butt]," is now coming back to bite him in precisely that spot.

Meanwhile, the iMac is starting to serve a meaningful chunk of Apple's professional customers, considering the "consumer" desktop's current capabilities. The iMac is also due for an upgrade, although it's in less dire need than the Mac Pro; Schiller says an iMac spec bump is slated for "this year." Interestingly, Apple executives said a new professional display is also in the works, despite prior comments that Apple was exiting the stand-alone display market and instead partnering with other companies.

Apple noted that about 20% of Mac sales are still desktops, which is a higher proportion than most would think. The company has sold $23.3 billion worth of Macs over the past year.

Why Apple had to speak out

Apple pre-announcing a product is almost unheard of, as it's often aiming to avoid the infamous Osborne effect that led to Osborne Computer's failure in the 1980s. I can only think of two notable examples: The iPhone was pre-announced six months prior to launch in 2007, and the Apple Watch was pre-announced by a comparable amount of time in fall 2014 ahead of the spring 2015 launch. The common thread there is that those were both entries into then-new product categories, so pre-announcing had greater potential to hurt competitors than Apple itself.

That's why the announcement of an upcoming Mac Pro that won't be launched until next year (or later) is unique. It will be a rather long wait for a new product in a mature category. Apple probably feels like it has no choice, though, as it's been backed into a corner with criticisms from professional customers that feel like they're being abandoned. Remaining silent for another year or more would be untenable, as it would risk that those users would defect to another platform. Apple had to say something, but pros will still have to wait a little longer for a redesign. Apple Inc. Reportedly Orders 70 Million OLED Screens for Premium iPhone  Bullish on Apple Inc? You'll Love These 3 Stocks Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 30% rally over the past 12 months surprised many investors, who likely assumed that waning interest in iPhones would limit its upside potential. Yet robust demand for the iPhone 7 helped Apple beat both top and bottom line expectations for three straight quarters. Its sales are now expected to rise 6% this year, compared to an 8% decline in 2016.

If you think that Apple still has room to run, you should also check out three of its top suppliers -- Cirrus Logic (NASDAQ:CRUS), Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI), and Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS) -- which could all be lifted by the tech giant's rally.

Cirrus Logic

Cirrus Logic makes audio chips for Apple devices. Two-thirds of its revenue came from Apple in fiscal 2016, making it a top supply chain bet on the iPhone 7 and the upcoming iPhone 8. Sales rose 28% to $1.2 billion in 2016, and analysts anticipate another 31% growth this year.

Cirrus' heavy exposure to Apple is certainly risky, but it's gradually diversified away from its top customer -- which generated 80% of its sales back in 2014. One growing customer is Samsung, which accounted for 15% of its 2016 sales. Looking further ahead, digital headsets, MEMS mics, voice biometrics, and growth among China OEMs could all boost its content share and diversify its top line beyond those two top smartphone makers.

Cirrus' non-GAAP earnings dipped 10% in 2016 due to the impact of a patent deal. But looking ahead, its earnings are expected to rise a whopping 82% this year. Cirrus already rallied more than 60% over the past 12 months on Apple's strength, but it still trades at just 17 times earnings -- which is well below its industry average of 75.

Analog Devices

Analog Devices sells the sensor controllers which power Apple's Force Touch feature, which senses how much pressure is applied to a touchscreen or trackpad. The feature is used on new iPhones, MacBooks, and Apple Watches. The company's "largest single customer" (widely assumed to be Apple) accounted for 12% of its sales in 2016.

That lower percentage makes Analog a more diversified play than Cirrus. It also provides other analog chips, amplifiers, digital signal processing products, and software to a wide variety of companies across the industrial, communications, and automotive markets. Nonetheless, analysts expect Apple's growth to help lift its sales by 44% this year, compared to nearly flat growth in 2016. Its non-GAAP earnings are expected to rise 30%.

Analog also pays a forward dividend yield of 2.2%, which is comfortably supported by a payout ratio of 57%. It's hiked that dividend annually ever since its IPO in 2012. The stock's P/E of 28 is admittedly higher than its industry average of 22, but that premium can likely be justified by its above-average growth rates.

Skyworks Solutions

Skyworks Solutions provides radio-frequency (RF) chips for the mobile, automotive, broadband, wireless infrastructure, smart home, industrial, and military markets. However, Apple is widely believed to be its biggest customer, accounting for 40% of its sales in fiscal 2016. Teardowns of the iPhone 7 reveal four Skyworks components inside, compared to two components in the iPhone 6s.

That's why Skyworks' revenue is expected to rise 9% this year, compared to less than 1% growth last year. Non-GAAP earnings are expected to grow 11% this year. Skyworks pays a seemingly low forward dividend of 1.1%, but its low payout ratio of 23% indicate that there's plenty of room for annual hikes -- which it has done for two straight years.

Skyworks is gradually reducing its dependence on Apple by expanding into adjacent markets like connected cars, smart homes, and other Internet of Things (IoT) devices. It's also scoring more design wins with Android OEMs. Skyworks currently trades at 21 times earnings, which is slightly lower than its industry average of 22.

But beware the fate of Imagination Technologies...

If I had to buy just one of these stocks, I'd pick Analog Devices for its diversified business and solid dividend. Cirrus and Skyworks are still great Apple plays, but investors should realize that Apple could switch suppliers at anytime or develop its own first-party components to replace third-party parts.

If that happens -- just as it recently did to GPU chip designer Imagination Technologies -- their shares could be crushed. Therefore, investors should carefully weigh those risks and rewards before investing in these top Apple suppliers. Apple: Huge Risk Of A Correction - How To Play It Shares are vulnerable to a selloff in the market and the stock is overvalued. How to play it.

Thesis:

There are risks to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock and the overall market.

As we see below, the market has had an incredible rally since the election. And as a leader of this run, Apple has rallied at an annualized rate of 137%. Both are vulnerable to an overdue correction. The risk/reward is unattractive for both in the near term.

Another leader of this market has been Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) and it has fallen over $22 in the past 2 weeks alone. I believe investors should see the potential risk of the same thing happening to Apple. (And Goldman has fallen while the overall market has held steady.)

The market is overbought in the short term:

Since the election:

We've seen excessive returns since the election.

The rolling 3-month annualized return for the S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY) is 23.71%. That's an incredible run. It's simply too far, too fast.

The VIX (NYSEARCA:VXX) return during that period is -85%. No fear. Investors are incredibly complacent.

Therefore, this is actually an attractive time to hedge long positions and lock in gains as we have come a long way and volatility is still inexpensive.

Apple Bull thesis is already priced in:

The good news on Apple is already priced in:

Analysts have become overwhelmingly bullish on the shares

The stock has run up in anticipation of the much hyped (109,00 mentions in Google) "supercycle" for iPhone sales.

The considerable risks to the stock at this level are described later, but have been completely ignored by recent valuation expansion.

SPY data by YCharts

Apple is incredibly overbought:

As we see from the graph, the outperformance is astounding. Apple has outperformed the market over the last 3 months by close to 6 times. And the annualized performance of 135%+ is exceptional even for the most strident bull.

Outperformance relative to the retail sector:

Again we see the incredible performance, but it is magnified when compared to the retail sector. Apple is a retailer that sells a technology product. So, the headwinds that affect retailers in general, could affect sales of iPads and iPhones. As we will discuss later, they have already had to discount iPads in order to reduce inventory.

I agree that a smartphone is a necessity. The issue is whether an upgrade is a necessity. And the retail customer is showing signs of fatigue from enormous debt expansion over the last few years, as will be discussed later.

AAPL 6 Month Price Returns Excluding Last Month (Daily) data by YCharts

Potential Risks:

The valuation and near-term performance ignores potential risks.

Consumer Debt:

Even though the demographics of the Apple customer and iPhone consumer suggest they are more educated and affluent than the general population, this customer is not immune from the pinch of higher interest rates and accumulated debt of the past 8 years.

In addition, it is unclear how the consumer will react as interest rates begin to rise after nearly a decade of easy money Federal Reserve monetary policy. The accumulated debt as we see is a threat to consumer spending and the overall market in the midterm and long term.

(via Federal Reserve)

Customer demand:

Customers are generally satisfied with their current models and could upgrade at lower levels than expected. As we see from current consumer debt levels in the previous graph, it is not unreasonable that consumers would consider delaying purchases in a rising interest rate environment.

Customers shrug at new models:

That level of satisfaction may be good for you, but it hasn't been great for the companies that make your phones. Their sales have leveled off or dropped as consumers, who have bought millions of phones in recent years, collectively shrug at new models that hardly seem a step above what they've already got in their hands. Among the top smartphones for customer satisfaction, Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 took first place with a grade of 86 ahead of Apple's iPhone 6S Plus, which scored 85. Samsung tied for third and fourth place with its Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 4. Though companies such as Motorola and LG appeared on the list, Apple and Samsung dominated the top rankings among satisfied customers. (via CNET)

Slower growth:

Less affluent iPhone customers could simply postpone the upgrade decision entirely. Perhaps (3-5%) of users. This cost-conscious customer likely does not want to run the risk of loss and replacement of the AirPods and instead, would simply continue using current models longer than anticipated.

The net effect, would be a minor slowdown in growth for iPhone sales, but offset by higher revenues due to the replaced AirPods. As we saw, in product satisfaction surveys, customers are less impressed with newer models and do not see a large value-add in newer models. "Customers shrug at new models." (via CNET)

It is dangerous to assume that simply because customers have upgraded on a predictable timetable in the past, that they will continue to do so. At current valuation, shares include a premium of an expected upgrade cycle that could take longer than expected to materialize.

Valuation:

As we see below, the analyst consensus after many recent upgrades is only $148.71. So, the bullish scenario seems quite limited.

At a recent P/E multiple of 16, the shares trade at the high end of the 5-year range. Even a return to the recent P/E multiple of 14 and earnings forecasts for 2017 of $8.97 (Marketsmith) a share in a slow growth environment could leave the shares ~$126 or lower. The risk/reward then is $148 to the upside and $126 to the downside in the medium term.

AAPL data by YCharts

Company Growth:

A good example of the premium valuation juxtaposed with the slowing growth. In addition, we see the selloff from July 2015, where the shares had a significant correction.

AAPL Revenue (Annual YoY Growth) data by YCharts

Renewed Competition from Samsung:

Since Samsung had unprecedented problems with its last phone offering, it would be easy to discount them as a threat. Apple has benefited from Samsung's misfortune and that could be ending.

Product Risks:

AirPod adoption:

"No other Apple product in recent memory has been the source of so much hostility." (Wall Street Journal).

The new AirPods could be a risk to both the brand and sales. Lost AirPods will cost customers a "replacement fee" of $159 for the pair. This could upset customers and erode brand loyalty.

Apple's Penalty Charge For A Lost AirPod (via Forbes) Anyway, the running joke around the AirPods since they were announced was that Apple was going to be laughing all the way to the bank because of the high replacement costs when you lost a single AirPod. If you're looking for a single replacement AirPod, it's going to cost you $69. A replacement charging and case will also cost you $69. Apple: The Massive Gamble On AirPods

Slowing iPad sales: (via Recode)

Apple sold 13.3 million iPads, generating $5.5 billion in revenue. That represents a roughly 19 percent drop in units and a 22 percent drop in revenue from a year ago. And as recently as last week, Apple decided to cut the price on the iPad to $329 to clear out excess inventory, a clearance sale of sorts.

Apple Blinks On iPad - Announces Clearance Sale

Political Risk/Cash Repatriation:

The political purpose of repatriating cash is to create American manufacturing jobs. The significant question for shareholders is how does a de facto tax break for one of the richest companies in America to do a stock buyback help President Trump? It doesn't. In fact, a stock buyback is designed to benefit one group: shareholders. Large shareholders who now include outspoken critic of President Trump, Warren Buffett. This could be a negotiation, and potentially, a contentious one.

Potential Risks to my analysis: I would consider re-evaluating my view if more than one of these low probability events were to occur in the near term. However, in a market correction, the news would be largely ignored and the shares would be vulnerable anyway.

If the company were to announce a specific date for the return of their cash held overseas including a defined special dividend amount or defined buyback.

a defined special dividend amount or defined buyback. Unexpectedly large iPhone sales in China (above 80M).

Unexpectedly favorable customer adoption of "AirPods."

Market View:

This is still a bull market. And Apple is one of the leading stocks. If we enter a correction, the downside is significant. But, it is a bull market until proven otherwise. I expect these strategies to be very successful if we enter a correction and be mostly successful otherwise.

When a market leader corrects:

Even if we were to have a garden variety correction in a bull market, the shares could be very vulnerable. The shares have fared better than other recent leaders like Goldman Sachs, which has recently fallen from $250 to around $225. However, this illustrates how quickly gains can evaporate.

More on Goldman Sachs

Goldman: The Run Is Fading, How To Play It

Technical Overview:

AAPL data by YCharts

Higher share prices on lower volume is very bearish. It indicates that institutions are less willing to pay up in price to make new purchases.

In addition, the shares are now above the higher Bollinger Band signaling and in an overbought situation. This makes the setup for these trades very attractive.

How to play it:

Bullish shareholder:

A shareholder who wants protection from a down move.

I would sell a vertical call in May: (this is not a naked position)

Sell: May 5 $142 Calls for $4.63

Buy: May 5 $149 Calls for $1.58

Premium collected: $3.05

This brings in $3.05 of protection on the downside.

If one is very concerned about the stock, I would use some of the credit received to buy the May $140 put for $2.13.

As a trade to participate on the downside:

Buy Vertical Put Spread

Buy: May 5 $139 Puts $1.86

Sell: May 5 $134 Puts .85

Net Cost: $1.01

Break-Even: $137.64

At $134, the position would be worth $3.99 or a return of 395% on a modest 6.9% decline in the shares.

Conclusion:

Apple has been a leader in this market and has priced in very bullish scenarios. However, the risk to the shares is that the valuation is stretched, retail is vulnerable, the market is vulnerable, and the shares could have a selloff similar to that of former leader, Goldman Sachs. At a minimum, a pullback is warranted. Investors would be wise to protect their gains and traders have the potential to profit from this favorable scenario.

Follow me for more analysis and trade ideas.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Will A Strong iPhone 8 Be Enough To Boost Apple Inc. Stock Further? Apple stock continues to hover close to all-time highs as analysts try to paint an even rosier picture than what they ve already sketched for investors. It seems like a broken record these days: the iPhone 8 will be so spectacular that no one will care about any other smartphone again  ever.

Although no one seems to really care about what Apple is doing currently, as all eggs are being placed in the iPhone 8 basket, the company announced today that it will release its next earnings report on May 2. The report will be followed by the earnings call, which will stream online at 5 p.m. Eastern. The company has guided for $51.5 billion to $53.5 billion in sales and a gross margin of 38% to 39%, not that the March quarter even seems to matter to most analysts or even investors at this point.

Underestimating the iPhone 8?

Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri said this week that investors are greatly underestimating how big the iPhone 8 cycle will be this year. That seems hard to believe, given that analysts have excited investors so much that they re pushing Apple stock to a new record on a regular basis these days.

Nonetheless, Arcuri told CNBC s Squawk on the Street on Monday that the 82 million-unit consensus Wall Street has set for this year s holiday quarter iPhone sales isn t high enough. As countless others have noted, he explained that the iPhone installed base is 50% bigger than the base the iPhone 6 launched into, so even if the upgrade rate is far lower, the end unit number should be much bigger.

The Cowen analyst believes that there s still  a ton of innovation  left in the iPhone and predicts a foldable iPhone by 2019.

But will people really buy a $1,000 iPhone 8?

One of the rumors about the iPhone 8 has been that it could be priced in excess of $1,000, but UBS analyst Steven Milunovich doesn t buy it. He predicts that the 64GB anniversary iPhone will be priced between $850 and $900, which is only slightly higher than the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. He noted that the S8 Plus has a 6.2-inch display, while the iPhone 8 is rumored to have a 5.8-inch display. He feels that this limits how much Apple can charge for it.

He also believes that Apple is  about mainstream luxury,  so he just doesn t feel that a $1,000 phone is likely.

A limit on upside for Apple stock?

Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves also weighed in on Apple stock today, boosting his price target to $150 from $140 per share as he found signs of strong component orders, which caused him to raise his iPhone unit estimates. Even with the price target increase, he seems to see limited room left for further upside in Apple stock.

He also warned that a strong iPhone 8 cycle may not be enough to drive Apple stock much further up from where it is now. He expects future growth to  slow substantially  and believes that corporate tax reform and a dividend increase could be needed for  significant  upside in Apple stock.

Shares of Apple stock edged upward by as much as 0.53% to $144.46 during regular trading hours on Tuesday. Technology Companies Leading The Way; Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), salesforce.com ... Technology Companies Leading The Way Within The Industry

Stocks Mentioned: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), salesforce.com inc. (NYSE:CRM), TEXTMUNICATION HLD COM NPV(OTCMKTS:TXHD)

The space for technology has grown by leaps and bounds since the creation of the internet. New ways of communicating have gone from a simple telephone call to now multiple ways of communication through chat rooms, direct messages, and even text communication. According to the research consultancy IDC, the global information technology (IT) industry market, encompassing hardware, software, services, and telecommunications, is expected to reach $3.8 trillion in 2016, up from $3.7 trillion the previous year.

There is a broad range of technology companies in the industry. One of the most popular is Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), most known for its software and hardware. Apple is one of today s top trending technology companies. Consumers can use Apple s smartwatch, which was created to communicate through text messages and phone calls. The company posted quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share in 2016.

salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) is leading the way in enterprise cloud services. This $3 billion technology communications company has made the Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) market relevant to businesses of all types and sizes, reshaping enterprise communication in the process. Salesforce also announced a partnership with Hewlett-Packard to develop a  Superpod  that will provide dedicated infrastructure for large customers to run Salesforce in the cloud.

These companies have grown substantially in the technology industry. TEXTMUNICATION HLD COM NPV (OTCMKTS:TXHD) is following in their footsteps. Textmunication is an online mobile marketing platform service that will connect merchants with their customers and allow them to drive loyalty and repeat business in a non-intrusive, value added medium. For merchants Textmunication provides a mobile marketing platform where they can always send the most up-to-date offers/discounts/alerts/events schedule, such as happy hours, trivia night, and other campaigns. The consumer can also access specials and promotions that merchants choose to distribute through Textmunication by opting in to keywords designated to the merchants keywords. This allows consumers to take their information wherever they go and learn about the latest buzz as soon as they are available, providing the consumer to receive the events, deals, and messages on their cellphone via SMS messaging.

While Textmunication is not as widely known as some other companies yet, it is important to look at where those other companies came from. This company is unique in its kind and has lots of potential for growth. Textmunication could have already set a clear pathway for success and may continue moving forward in that direction. Why A Premium TV Bundle Could Be Apple's Secret Weapon By doing this, Apple would also be taking aim at a more niche area than any of its rivals have attempted which may give them a competitive advantage.

While that type of package isn t ground-breaking in itself, the impact of it on the various cable/satellite companies is sizable enough for investors to take notice.

Apple is reportedly trying a new approach which will offer just the big three pay-cable premium channels in one bundle pack.

Apple has long been rumored to enter the streaming TV/skinny bundle space but has not been able to gain solid traction.

And here we go again.

As any investor in Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) knows (by now), the company REALLY REALLY wants to be in the TV space. They can play coy all they want, but at this point, it's as sure as death, taxes and a new iPhone coming out every year that Apple wants to make a splash in this sector.

While reported meetings with networks haven't panned out and alternative methods to lure consumers (i.e. Virtual TV Guide) haven't been met with the same level of excitement, Apple hasn't given up. Yet its team clearly knows nothing will match the idea of streaming (potentially) a skinny bundle.

Well that in the traditional form is still seemingly a ways off.

However, according to Re/Code, the executives over at Apple may have another idea in mind and it's an interesting play. Reports have surfaced Apple now wants to do a premium skinny bundle that consists solely of HBO, Showtime and Starz.

Effectively, the big three of pay-TV.

Apple is rumored to be in the process of talking to the three channels' parent companies (AT&T (NYSE:T)/Time Warner (NYSE:TWX), CBS (NYSE:CBS) and Lions Gate (NYSE:LGF.A) (NYSE:LGF.B)) with the idea of unifying them in a power package. Currently, each has its own streaming service and you can access all three via Apple TV; however, this would be the first time you could unite them in one app for one price.

Doesn't really sound like anything groundbreaking right? Except that's kind of the point.

Apple is doing this because if successful it could change the playing field in a couple of different ways. First, it presents a new option that subscribers could be interested in purchasing. At present, HBO Now runs $14.99 a month, Showtime is cheaper at $10.99 and Starz is comparatively a steal at $8.99. That's about $35 total if all were bought separate and if that total price could come down a little, the triple-package could be more appealing to TV viewers.

There's also a bigger plan at play here as Apple is likely looking to send a message to the industry. Keep in mind cable/satellite subscribers usually can't just outright buy a channel like HBO; they have to be a subscriber to a package of channels and then add-on a premium network.

This is cutting out the middle man and that makes it more appealing. If Apple is successful here what that does is it slowly takes a little bit of power away from the cable/satellite companies - not a ton, but enough that it chips away at an already delicate position. This would set a new precedent that would force providers to again re-think its strategy and be a new enticement to would-be cord-cutters to make the leap.

The premium bundle approach is also smart as it would position Apple OUTSIDE of the other players in a very competitive space. I've personally lost count of the number of streaming/skinny bundles out there and that's not even including upcoming plays from Hulu, YouTube and now potentially even Verizon (NYSE:VZ). What I saw is that nobody is directly targeting these specific subscribers outside of the networks themselves, which makes this an interesting niche approach.

Again, it's nothing fancy and it won't bring the cable/satellite companies to its collective knees, but it makes a point, and that should be of particular interest to investors, and not just investors of Apple. If I was a shareholder in AT&T (or Time Warner), I would think long and hard about which outcome I'd be pulling for here.

The tricky part of this deal is that for it to be successful, ALL three parent companies would need to agree as just having two of the three doesn't have the same appeal. If I'm AT&T, which owns its own satellite company and streaming service and is about to own HBO outright, you may want to think this through a little more. This type of package may not fully rival what DirecTV Now is selling, but it is close enough to give a little pause.

What investors should like about this approach is how different it seems to be in concept. Apple is doing what it does best and re-imagining the field to a way it hasn't seen and in a way it thinks it can win with in the long run. Often that is done by taking risks and while the risk here is minimal, the reward is more far-reaching.

Now again, nothing has been confirmed (as always is the case with Apple), but when a site like Re/Code goes out with information like this, investors need to pay attention. This is an area Apple has long been enamored with and clearly the company shows no signs of giving up. Shareholders know what Apple has done to the music industry and if it can mimic that with TV, then it will continue to remain even more profitable.

The thing to remember here is that Apple's ultimate endgame is content. It wants to have a Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) like service where it can put out its own series. Currently, that is already happening through Apple Music, but there's a longer game at play, and as we are continuing to learn - it just keeps getting more interesting.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. BMO Bullish on 2 Apple Suppliers But Lowers a 3rd Investment firm BMO Capital Markets hiked its price target on semiconductor stocks Skyworks Solutions Inc. (SWKS) and Qorvo Inc. (QRVO) while reducing its valuation on shares of user-interface technology company Synaptics Inc. (SYNA).

Of upside to chipmakers Skyworks and Qorvo, BMO analyst Ambrish Srivastava noted that  the wireless handset supply chain appears fairly robust to us   And as we head into what should be the sweet spot of builds for handsets, particularly for Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Samsung, we believe the shares of the two of their major suppliers in our coverage, Qorvo and Skyworks, should continue to see valuation support at current levels vs. our initial thinking. 

The BMO analyst lifted Qorvo s price target from $57 to $67 and Skyworks fro $81 to $98, indicating an approximate 1.5% downside and 0.3% upside respectively. Closing down about 0.7% at a price of $68.05 on Monday, Qorvo s shares reflect a 34% year-over-year (YOY) gain. Shares of Woburn, Mass.-based Skyworks, closing at $97.72 on Monday, indicate a 26% increase over the same period.

Concern Over Synaptics

BMO remains concerned over San Jose, Calif.-based Synaptics  position with Apple, indicating that the interface firm needs to regain investor confidence. As a result, Srivastava cut his price target on SYNA shares from $60 to $53, indicated an 8.6% upside from the stock s closing price of $48.80 on Monday.

 We continue to see challenges for the company s business, particularly in DDIC (display driver integrated circuit) at its major customer Apple, as the (smartphone) lineup expands beyond those with LCD screens,  wrote the BMO analyst.

Srivastava reiterated market perform ratings on all three of the U.S.-based Apple suppliers  stocks. (See also: 3 Chipmakers That Are Tied to Apple s iPhone.) Forget Apple. Xiaomi CEO Now Wants to Be More Like Costco Xiaomi Corp. says it s misunderstood. Once compared with Apple Inc. for its sleek smartphones and charismatic leadership, the Chinese startup is seeking an image makeover as it tries to recover from a sales-growth slide.

And the brand its billionaire co-founder Lei Jun wants to be compared with: Costco Wholesale Corp., the Issaquah, Washington-based warehouse retailer that sells everything from wine and diamond rings to bulging boxes of cereal and fruit at knockdown prices. Xiaomi s revenue will probably reach $15 billion this year as the Beijing-based maker of products ranging from pens and air purifiers to TVs and smartphones adopts a new business model and fine-tunes operations, Lei, 47, said in a recent interview.

Lei Jun Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg

 We are not Apple,  Lei, clad in a black polo shirt and blue jeans, said at Xiaomi s Bengaluru office in India, its biggest overseas market.  We have the same value system as Costco. We want users to enjoy better products at an affordable price. 

While Apple commands premium prices and enjoys the highest margins in the brutally competitive $425 billion global smartphone industry, Costco sells merchandise at razor-thin profits while fueling earnings from its 35 million annual memberships. As Xiaomi embraces a new strategy to fuel growth, Lei s goal is to pull in more revenue from apps and services, which delivered $1 billion in sales from 10 million-plus monthly active users last year.

It s a far different strategy than the one it used to claim the top spot among China s smartphone makers and a valuation of $45 billion that made it, briefly, the most valuable startup in the world. Instead of the online flash sales and inexpensively-sourced components that it used to disrupt the mobile industry, Lei wants to bring internet-inspired efficiency to offline commerce. He s also turning to India to revive Xiaomi s fortunes as China grows more competitive.

 Make History 

Here, 20-something workers in denim jeans and T-shirts huddle in groups or sit behind shiny white desks separated by foot-high red, yellow and green partitions. Exposed-brick support columns and tube lights suspended below bare pipes and air-conditioning ducts make the office feel more like it s inside a Brooklyn loft than an industrial park.

Inside the Xiaomi headquarters in Bengaluru. Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg

Dozens of circular mobiles swing from the lights, with phrases encouraging staff to  Let s make history together.  A scattering of motivational cartoons sketched on whiteboards promote Xiaomi s aims and achievements. Now six years old, Xiaomi s meteoric rise has been usurped in recent quarters by competitors replicating -- and succeeding at -- the very model that enabled it to vault ahead of Apple and Samsung Electronics Co. in its home market.

The risk for Xiaomi in India is that it will go the same way as China: toppled by rival brands such as Oppo, Huawei and Vivo.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Tarun Pathak, associate director at Counterpoint Research, said Xiaomi is taking a risky approach. The company s rivals have been able to sell the same number of phones in India, even though their products cost as much as three times more. As Xiaomi seeks to expand sales volumes, it will have to sell more of its high-end models.  Their margins are thin and when they go offline, their expenses will shoot up,  he said.

Read More: Xiaomi Billionaire CEO Is Doubling Smartphone Bet on India

Modi Meeting

During his third visit to India -- a week-long trip that included a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi -- Lei summoned a town hall-style staff meeting to rally a team he praised for making Xiaomi the No. 1 online-selling smartphone company in the country the past two quarters. Their goal now, he said, was to the cement that position in the next three to five years.

In India,  incomes are low and everyone wants good products,  Lei said in a glass-walled conference room, flanked by several of his top executives. Lei is trying to reignite the buzz in the offline or  new retail  market, he said.  Everyone realizes the online market is very limited. 

In China, Xiaomi accounts for only a 10th of total smartphone sales, Lei estimates, leaving bigger opportunities in the traditional bricks-and-mortar approach. Lei aims to have 1,000 so-called MiHome retail stores with sales topping $10 billion annually in next three years, he said.

MiHome stores will offer just two dozen Xiaomi products, according to Lei. Pointing to a single line of $1 apiece writing pens, two types of air purifiers, and three kinds of smartphones, he says he envisages selling no more than 100 product types in coming years, versus the hundreds, or even thousands of stock-keeping units maintained by some manufacturers.

New Beginning?

 Our toughest times have passed starting this year, and our main strategy now is to bring the internet way of thinking to offline in China,  Lei said. The plan is to integrate multiple links in offline commerce and avoid the bottlenecks that can occur as products move along the supply chain through manufacturing and repair to logistics and sales.

But even the  new retail  strategy risks being copied. Lei spoke publicly about it one morning and the head of an e-retailing behemoth used the same term hours later, he said. Competitors have in the past paid the ultimate price of copying Xiaomi s approach, Lei said, declining to give names.  One company lost $1 billion last year, maybe even more,  he said.  Game over. 

Microsoft Rival

Lei s ideas were shaped by past ventures. He previously ran Kingsoft Corp., a software maker that competes with Microsoft Corp. s enterprise software sales in China, and his e-commerce company Joyo.com was acquired by Amazon.com Inc. and renamed Amazon China. Lei is convinced his retail plan will revive the growth prospects that helped earn Xiaomi its lofty valuation.

A wall mural depicting the company s revenue figures. Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg

Sales began to stagnate in 2015 and shipments plummeted in China last year, with the company refusing to release 2016 numbers. In January, former international head Hugo Barra left for Facebook Inc., raising questions about Xiaomi s ability to navigate its way through what Lei had described as  unforgettable  challenges.

In India last week, Lei insisted that revenue never slowed during the past two years, and that  Xiaomi has resumed rapid growth.  Suggestions that the company s value had sunk to $4 billion  hurt us a lot,  he said, refusing to be drawn into a discussion on its current value.

 It was never as bad as it was made out to be,  he said.  Our investors are not worried. I have explained to them clearly. And to our users, we say,  It takes 10 to 15 years. We need time. Trust Mr. Lei.  

Enough Cash

There is no pressure on cash flow and no need to raise funds, he said, adding:  We have more than enough cash.  Lei declined to comment on whether Xiaomi has any immediate plan for an initial public offering. Right now, he s focusing on India, including the potential to open physical stores in the nation with the world s largest youth population.

Xiaomi is planning a third factory in India, where Lei says he s prepared to take more risks, including doubling investments to $1 billion over the next few years.

A technician repairs a Xiaomi smartphone at a service center run by the company in Bengaluru. Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg

 In the next two years, we want more and more influence in India,  Lei said. How he will do that plays on his mind constantly he says, as he reaches for a black backpack and fishes for one of 10 phones inside.

 I keep thinking about how to perfect my products,  Lei says, clutching a phone with a metallic, pale blue finish.  For instance, how come Indians don t like this  Tiffany blue  colored phone? 

That s just one of many things that perplexes Lei about the India market. But he s determined to figure it out:  This is what keeps me awake at night. 

Read Next: Enjoy the Moment, Xiaomi 
2017-04-09
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to Build Multi-Level Store in Mexico: Report Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is enjoying its success in Mexico. The Cupertino-based tech giant is reportedly planning to build a second brick-and-mortar retail store in the country.

To meet the growing demand in Mexico, Apple will build a new multi-level flagship in Mexico City s upscale Polanco district, Apple Insider reported, citing a person familiar with the company s plans.

According to the person who wanted to remain unidentified, Apple has inked the lease to the second location in Ciudad de Mexico (CDMX).

The interior design of the new store is expected to be similar to that of Apple s World Trade Center store in New York City, the person said.

 A timeline for completion is not currently known, but the existing Mexico City store has experienced unusually high consumer sales and enterprise services revenues,  the publication reported citing the unnamed person.

Apple Expanding Latin America Presence

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened its first retail store in Mexico in September last year.

In addition to its stores in Mexico, Apple also operates two brick-and-mortar outlets in Brazil. Rumors suggest that the company is planning to open additional outlets in the country.

Meanwhile, the tech giant is looking to open stores in Argentina. According to the reports, the iPhone maker might open its first Argentinian store in Buenos Aires in 2018.

Apple has nearly 500 retail stores across 19 countries. In addition to Latin America, the company is also looking to open retail stores in India. Apple s retail expansion into Latin America and Asia is being fueled by the need to generate revenue hurt by the company s poor performance in China. The company has been facing problem in China, which is the company s second-largest market after the United States.

Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) have been performing well so far this year. The stock is up nearly 24% year-to-date. During the last 12 months, AAPL has surged nearly 32%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Malware Targeting Apple Inc. Devices Is Surging Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) laptops and desktops have long been known for being less susceptible to viruses and malware than their Windows-based counterparts, but it appears that advantage could be waning.

That s according to a new report from a security firm that indicated a surge in malware specifically targeting Macs last year. Fortune has some details on the development:

Security firm McAfee released a report this week that showed a big jump in 2016 regarding malware hitting the Mac operating system. The McAfee report said there were 460,000 malware instances affecting the Mac OS in the fourth quarter of 2016, an over 700% jump from the previous year during the same quarter.

That s a massive jump, and confirms similar reports from other researchers in recent years. Hackers are increasingly targeting Mac computers as Apple chips away at Microsoft s longstanding market share dominance. More Mac computers in use simply means more opportunities to infect unsuspecting users.

Mac users probably shouldn t panic, however. McAfee s report notes that  the big increase in Mac OS malware was due to adware bundling,  referring to unwanted ad-serving software that s often unknowingly included with third party software. Users can protect against these sorts of infections simply by only installing apps directly from Apple s App Store, since those apps are already screened for adware and malware before inclusion in the store.

Adware is also not nearly as dangerous as malware and viruses. Generally, adware is easily removed by uninstalling the program.

Apple Inc. shares closed at $143.34 on Friday, down $0.32 (-0.22%). Year-to-date, AAPL has gained 24.30%, versus a 5.68% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

AAPL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 27 stocks in the Technology   Hardware category. Apple Reigns as DJIA's Best Performing Stock of 2017 Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) dipped 32 cents last week (about 0.2%), closing at $143.34 on Friday. The stock posted a new 52-week high on Wednesday.

But the company remains the best-performing stock by a wide margin among the 30 equities that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The company s stock is up 23.76% year to date, well above Boeing s 14.88% improvement.

The week started out with an announcement from Imagination Technologies that Apple will cut its ties with the U.K.-based company within the next 15 to 24 months. The company supplies the graphics processing unit (GPU) for Apple products, and the London-traded company said that Apple  has asserted  that it is developing its own graphics design technology  in order to control its products  and that Apple will  be reducing its future reliance  on Imagination s technology.

That was bad news for the U.K. company and not especially interesting news for Apple investors who moved the stock up just 4 cents on the day of the announcement.

Later in the week reports surfaced that the next iPhone would not ship on time. The first report blamed difficulties in manufacturing the curved glass OLED display and the second report noted challenges to the development of the device s 3D sensing technology.

Apple shares closed at $143.34 on Friday in a 52-week range of $89.47 to $145.46. The consensus 12-month price target is $147.61 in a price target range of $102 to $185 per share. Apple lover's biggest win: Beating iPhone BEIJING   Duan Yongping is convinced Tim Cook didn't have a clue who he was when they first met a couple years ago. The Apple boss probably does now.

Duan is the reclusive billionaire who founded Oppo and Vivo, the twin smartphone brands that dealt the world's largest company a stinging defeat in China last year. Once derided as cheap iPhone knockoffs, they leapfrogged the rankings and shoved Apple Inc. out of the top three in 2016   when iPhone shipments fell in China for the first time.

They managed to do it because the American smartphone giant didn't adapt to local competition, the entrepreneur told Bloomberg in what he said was his first interview in 10 years. Oppo and Vivo employed tactics Apple was reluctant to match, such as cheaper devices with high-end features, for fear of jeopardizing its winning formula elsewhere, Duan said.

 Apple couldn't beat us in China because even they have flaws,  the 56-year-old electronics mogul said.  They're maybe too stubborn sometimes. They made a lot of great things, like their operating system, but we surpass them in other areas. 

That's not to say Duan doesn't appreciate the iPhone maker's global clout. In fact, the billionaire's obsession with his U.S. rival is legion: he's long been a big-time investor in Apple and an unabashed fan of its chief executive officer.

 I've met Tim Cook on several occasions. He might not know me, but we've chatted a little,  Duan said.  I like him a lot. 

Apple couldn't confirm Duan's meeting with Cook when contacted by Bloomberg. But Duan has blogged incessantly about Apple's products, share price and operations since 2013, when the company was worth half what it is today. He needs  a really big pocket  because he carries four devices, including a heavily used iPhone. In a 2015 post, he argued Apple's profit should reach $100 billion within five years.

Today, Duan won't say when he actually bought in but says much of his overseas wealth remains tied up in the iPhone maker. He even lives in Palo Alto, California, an easy drive from Apple's new UFO-like headquarters in Cupertino, California.

 Apple is an extraordinary company. It is a model for us to learn from,  Duan said.  We don't have the concept of surpassing anyone. The focus instead is to improve ourselves. 

Oppo's gains against Apple may now earn an even broader following for the billionaire dubbed China's Warren Buffett by local media for his investment acumen. Born in Jiangxi, a birthplace of Mao Zedong's Communist revolution, Duan began his career at a state-run vacuum tube plant before making his name with homegrown electronics.

Duan left the factory floor around 1990, when China was just embracing capitalism and opening industries to private investment. He headed to southern China's Guangdong province, then the cradle of liberal reforms, to run a struggling electronics plant.

His first product was the Subor gaming console with dual-cartridge slots   a direct shot at Nintendo Co.'s classic Family Computer, known elsewhere as the Nintendo Entertainment System. The 100- to 400-yuan Subor became a hit in the absence of local competitors. Duan even enlisted Kung Fu star Jackie Chan to endorse the device. By 1995, revenue from the Subor exceeded 1 billion yuan.

Duan left to set up a new business that year as the operation flourished   a pattern he would repeat in later years.

He christened his second venture Bubugao, literally  rising higher step-by-step.  BBK, as the company came to be known, created a popular line of VCD and MP3 players but later also made DVD players for global brands. Subsidiary Bubugao Communication Equipment Co. became one of the country's biggest feature-phone makers around 2000, going head-to-head with Nokia and Motorola.

It was the first iPhone in 2007 that paved the way for Oppo and Vivo. While they share a common founder in Duan, the sister brands are fierce competitors, trotting out dueling marketing campaigns in markets from India to Southeast Asia. Their salesmanship philosophy plays well in emerging markets, IDC research manager Kiranjeet Kaur said.

 The companies fully understand how to make the best of their people, a specialty they inherited from Duan,  said Nicole Peng, a senior director at research firm Canalys.

Importantly, they understood their millennial audience.  Many of their managers are young and have been working at the company since graduation,  she said.

Duan's latest endeavors were, in part, dreamed up in Apple's backyard. By 2001 at the age of 40, Duan had decided to move to California to focus on investment and philanthropy, later installing his family in a mansion he reportedly bought from Cisco Systems Inc. Chairman John Chambers. But the advent of the smartphone forced the entrepreneur out of retirement.

By the second half of 2000s, BBK was on the verge of falling apart as sales of its basic devices slowed.

 We were in serious discussions about how to close the company peacefully   in a way that the employees can leave unhurt and suppliers don't lose money,  he said.

Those intense brainstorming sessions spawned the two businesses that would go on to embody Duan's greatest success.

In 2005, the entrepreneur and his prot g  Tony Chen decided to create a new company. Dubbed Oppo, it sold music players but ramped up to smartphones in 2011. In 2009, BBK itself created Vivo, headed by another of Duan's disciples, Shen Wei.

 Making mobile phones was not my call,  Duan said.  But I reckoned we could do well in this market. 

At first, neither label garnered much attention. The iPhone was captivating users with its revolutionary apps system and elegant interface, while BlackBerrys lorded over the corporate market.

But Oppo and Vivo then developed a marketing-blitz approach that relied on local celebrity endorsement and a vast resellers' store network across China. They crafted an affordable image that appealed to a millennial crowd, then tricked out their de vices with high-end specs. On the surface, Oppo and Vivo phones now routinely surpass the iPhone on measures such as charging speeds, memory and battery life.

It paid off. The duo together shipped more than 147 million smartphones in China in 2016, dwarfing Apple's 44.9 million, IDC estimates. Oppo and Vivo both doubled their 2015 haul. Their approach worked particularly well in lower-tier cities, where mid-range phones became a mainstream hit, said Tay Xiaohan, an IDC analyst.

Duan's smartphone progeny are also gaining some momentum beyond their home turf. About a quarter of Oppo's shipments went to markets like India, where it hopes to dig in before Apple establishes a meaningful presence.

One thing's for sure, Duan doesn't see himself returning to an active executive, leaving others to deal with the next challenge.

 I've made it clear many years ago, I will never make a comeback,  he said.  If there's a problem they can't fix, then neither can I.  
2017-04-07
Does This New Apple Inc. iMac Rumor Make Sense? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)-centric website MacRumors recently reported on a recent post in blog Pike's Universum, in which a purported list of specifications/upgrades for Apple's next-generation iMacs -- which the blog says will be coming in "late October" -- is provided. Though you can see the full specification list here, there's one part of the specification list that's worth doing a sanity check on -- the main processor.

No more Core processors for the iMac?

Apple's iMac computers have traditionally used chip-giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Core processor family. Today, Apple's iMacs can be configured with Intel's Core i5 chips, the middle-of-the-pack within Intel's Core processor lineup, or Core i7 chips, the cream of the crop.

This new rumor claims that, instead of using Intel's Core chips, Apple will use Intel's Xeon E3 processors. Despite the fancy-sounding name, Intel's Xeon E3 chips are little more than Intel's Core processors with a few additional capabilities enabled -- namely, support for ECC memory and vPro technology.

ECC memory -- ECC stands for "error correcting code" -- is a type of memory that, according to memory maker Micron (NASDAQ:MU), includes capabilities designed for "detecting and correcting single-bit memory errors." "By detecting and correcting single-bit errors, ECC server memory helps preserve the integrity of your data, prevent data corruption, and prevent system crashes and failures," Micron's webpage explains.

I suspect that, if Apple really does shift its iMac line to Xeon E3 processors and away from Intel's traditional Core processors, it would be doing the shift mainly for ECC memory support.

Does this make sense?

If Apple's goal is to position the iMac -- and indeed, the Mac itself -- as a "professional" platform, then the use of Xeon E3 processors with ECC memory makes perfect sense. Apple already uses Intel Xeon E5 processors coupled with ECC memory in its Mac Pro line, so it's not as though use of such technologies would be unprecedented.

What's worth noting, though, is that, while the use of Xeon E3 processors with ECC memory may appeal to professionals and prosumers, these features don't really buy the average consumer much. In fact, Apple will almost certainly have to jack up prices on its ECC-capable iMac computers to compensate for what are likely to be higher memory prices.

So, does Apple force all potential iMac buyers to eat the costs of more expensive memory? Or does Apple simply offer "Core" options and "Xeon" options? Given how pricey Apple's iMac computers tend to be anyway -- and the supply-chain complexity of supporting too many computer models -- Apple may simply bet that its customer base won't mind a modest price increase due to the slightly pricier memory, and go all-in on Xeon.

Foolish takeaway

If Apple's goal is to position its Mac products as true "professional" products, while pushing more consumption-oriented consumers over to its iPad product line, then a move to Xeon-based iMacs (and MacBook Pros) with ECC memory support may be the right way to go. Apple may find that Xeon processors -- by their server/workstation heritage -- are more marketable to the professional/prosumer crowd, and even "regular" consumers might be enticed by the fact that, when they buy an Apple product, they get a Xeon processor rather than a "pedestrian" Core processor.

I have no idea if this rumor is true, but it's certainly plausible. Who Loses If Apple Inc. Goes In-House With Chips? (AAPL) As of last Friday s close, Imagination Technologies   the semiconductor company responsible for the striking graphics of Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) phones, tablets and watches   was worth more than $270 per share. Flash forward not even a week, and shares of the London-based tech company are barely hanging onto triple digits.

Source: Shutterstock

As you perhaps guessed, Apple is indeed to blame.

In most mobile devices, graphics processing is integrated within something that s called a  system on a chip  application processor. Semiconductor companies like Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD ), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC ), Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA ) and Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM ) own the designs for both the graphics components and computing components of such chips.

Apple, on the other hand, own most of its SoCs, from the Ax series in your iPhone to the Sx series in your Apple Watch. But for its phones, tablets and TV, Apple buys the intellectual property for the GPU from Imagination Technologies   or at least it used it. Now, Tim Cook & Co. have decided they want to make and own their own GPUs for all mobile devices.

Apple was once considering buying Imagination Technologies to this end, but has simply announced abandonment instead. Hence, the plummet for Imagination, which gets over half its revenue from the iPhone king.

Naturally, Imagination Technologies is a little upset and has already more than hinted this news is fertile ground for a lawsuit.

 Apple has not presented any evidence to substantiate its assertion that it will no longer require Imagination s technology, without violating Imagination s patents, intellectual property and confidential information. This evidence has been requested by Imagination but Apple has declined to provide it,  it said in a statement.

But a lawsuit between Apple and Imagination Technologies is a David-and-Goliath battle if I ve ever seen one. Apple (like most tech companies) is no stranger to such conflicts and has plenty of cash to settle and move on.

Meanwhile, the desire to control the IP for its GPU is more than logical considering graphics are the key to everything from machine learning to augmented reality. This is especially true, as Wired noted, because Apple is playing catch-up in those areas.

Next Page Can Apple Double Its Service Business By 2020? The SOTP analysis is more illustrative in nature, as we continue to reiterate our $156 price target.

When modeling Apple Pay revenue ramp, the business may contribute an incremental $1.8 billion, which brings Apple within the ballpark of doubling the entire business segment by FY'20.

Apple may need to supplement these efforts with M&A, though effectiveness in terms of value addition is subjective at best.

While the topic of services revenue may have gotten a little stale when pertaining to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). I think it's worth re-examining whether there's any merit in service/app revenue expansion given the availability of more exhaustive data on margins/revenue segmentation from the business segment.

Now, obviously, Tim Cook has moved the investor focus towards software/service revenue given the more attractive margins, and reduced CapEx needs with the exception of Apple iCloud, which is very datacenter/storage intensive.

Furthermore, Apple's stock price continues to move higher in anticipation of a super-cycle (refresh driven demand given aged iPhone, Mac, and iPad installed based), but whether Apple can sustain enviable margins/revenue over a multi-year trajectory is more contingent on service/software revenue ramp, as it's a higher margin category.

So, what's new?

In the past month, the analysts at RBC Capital Markets released a research note that classifies the revenue derived from Apple's non-hardware business units and the relative profit contribution of the separate business units. I discuss Amit Daryanani's latest research notes in more detail here.

Source: RBC Capital Markets

Now, keep in mind, Apple Music Revenue is growing at a fairly rapid pace, which is helping to offset the iTunes unit decline. Now, obviously Apple was late to market when releasing Apple Music, as competitors were thoroughly entrenched (Pandora (NYSE:P) and Spotify (Private:MUSIC)).

However, the strength of Apple's user ecosystem, and its ability to attract exclusive music contracts with various record studios helped to differentiate the app. Notwithstanding, management's efforts in Apple-branded software should be watched closely, as the release of new applications will sustain the current revenue CAGR. More specifically, the introduction of new hardware categories increases Apple Care revenue, heightened storage attach rates (thus increasing app store volumes), and emerging categories like car infotainment/ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems).

That being the case, Apple needs to devise a strategy for ramping its mobile payment efforts. The adoption of mobile payment terminals, and the buildout of the corresponding payment ecosystem has been slow, as is the case with anything pertaining to banking.

As a general rule of thumb, I believe mobile payments could become Apple's largest software/business category given enough time, as banking services while slow to reach mass market adoption has the most defensible barrier to entry given network effect, and consumer dependence on banking/payment services.

I explain this in greater detail here, but here's a brief excerpt on my commentary pertaining to Apple Pay from last year:

To put Apple's progress in comparison, after roughly a year into its launch, the company generated $10.9 billion in annual transactional volume, according to Timetric. The average transaction amount was $44.54 (what Visa reported in its most recent quarter), which translates to 244.723 million Apply Pay transactions in the prior year. To put this in perspective, it took the financial industry 40 years to reach a comparable transaction volume figure (rough approximation) for debit/credit cards combined.

I believe Apple's technical adoption curve was relatively quick in comparison to the timescale of original cashless payment services. Hence, the rate of annualized growth, and the relative penetration rate across the bank/merchant processor ecosystem will move at a much quicker pace, substantiating a multi-decade investment thesis pertaining specifically to Apple Pay, and is perhaps the one x factor that gives Apple's claims of doubling its service segment revenue by FY'20 any legitimacy.

Of course, Apple needs to transition towards being a strategic player in mobile payments, as Visa (NYSE:V)/MasterCard (NYSE:MA) are the primary payment network providers for all transactions done digitally. If Apple were to devise some back-end payment network improvements by also operating as a digital clearing house for transactions, via the open-ledger system used primarily for cryptocurrencies (i.e. Bitcoin), Apple could move further up the value chain, and increase its transaction spread across its installed base of mobile payment users.

Source: RBC Capital Markets

Now, keep in mind, the two most profitable app/service categories is Apple Store and Apple Pay. Hence, Apple's execution as an ecosystem provider has been great, but their efforts in mobile payments leave much to be desired. While, I can acknowledge that Apple is in the early innings of driving adoption, and payment volumes have been ramping, the need for innovation/platform impact has never been more important. The investor perception must shift from hardware to software if Apple wants to sustain a much higher value premium, which I explain in greater detail.

Source: RBC Capital Markets

With the introduction of EMV cards by the major banks, we're witnessing a short-term solution for analog card readers, but I think the entire ecosystem will start shifting towards mobile payments.

Generally speaking, the EMV cards while more secure than magnetic strip are also more of a hassle to use at payment/checkout. Hence, the development of more secure transaction settlement tends to result in longer payment/checkout times when purchasing product/services at brick-and-mortar locations.

Furthermore, the implied volume ramp seems fairly conservative, but net revenue contribution is quite difficult to derive from the transaction volume figure, as Apple Pay is monetized on a per-transaction basis.

Even so, we can derive a net revenue figure from the information supplied by RBC Capital Markets, by simply dividing the payment volume by the average transaction amount for debit/credit cards, which is already disclosed by both Visa and MasterCard.

As disclosed in Visa's Annual 10-K figures, the company reported that payment volumes totaled $6.843 trillion with total transaction figures at 148.5 billion. When dividing the $6.843 trillion in cash volume by the number of transactions reported by Visa, we derive the average cash value of each transaction moving through the Visa Network. Therefore, $6.843T divided by 148.5 billion = $46 in average transaction.

We then take the $46 in average transaction and apply it to Apple Pay's estimated transaction volume in terms of dollars, which gives us 239.13 million transactions in FY'15, 1.434 billion transactions in FY'16 and so forth. Keep in mind Apple Pay's transaction volume directly corresponds with the Visa network, as Apple is not the merchant network provider, but is an added service layer for mobile payments.

We then use the 0.15% per transaction figure to derive our estimates on net revenue contribution. Hence, each $46 transaction translates into $0.07 for each Apple Pay transaction. We then use the payment volume estimate by RBC, divide by $46 and apply $0.07 as the transaction spread in our net revenue estimate. This gives us a fairly accurate depiction of Payment revenue contribution.

Source: Cho's Tech Research, Visa Annual Report & RBC Capital Markets

When comparing my modified figures, I derive $1.792 billion in net revenue contribution in FY'20 using the same exact transaction volume figures derived by Amit Daryanani. Furthermore, the figures Daryanani estimates is $1.76 billion, so we're within the ballpark of each other.

I run figures to include 10% operating expense, and perhaps 25% (in-line with Apple's reported corporate tax rate). Hence, my net profit margin estimate for Apple Pay alone is 52% currently, which contributes approx. $930 million in net profits by FY'20.

When valuing the business on the basis of peer/comparable multiples, I value Apple Pay at an end of five-year period valuation of $52.8 billion (using peer payment provider multiples). I then discount that forward valuation via Apple's current WACC (weighted average cost of capital) of 11.53%.

Can Apple double its service/app store revenue by 2020?

Since Apple Pay is the differentiating growth factor in our financial model, we separate the historical revenue growth CAGR from the remaining Apple Services business units, and then integrate the separate Apple Pay contribution separately.

Generally speaking, I don't necessarily believe in SOTP (sum-of-the-parts) analysis, but it's a worthwhile exercise to explore, as it helps to illustrate the value investment thesis for AAPL investors.

As such, I believe Apple's Payment business would need to scale up to $1.8 billion/year, total M&A spending would need to match $24-$25 billion, and services revenue CAGR would need to continue at its five-year average for Apple to grow this business to $50 billion+ by FY'20.

(Click to enlarge)

Source: Cho's Tech Research

Generally speaking, I believe Apple Pay revenue contribution would give Apple just enough room to double-up on its services business at $47.77 billion, which is just shy of $48.6 billion when added into historical revenue CAGR and extrapolated out into 2020.

However, if the current business segments excl. Apple Pay were to decelerate, then it would diminish the likelihood of Apple actually doubling this business in size. Hence, I also include $24 billion in M&A related activity, assuming the acquired businesses were bought at 6x sales, which would contribute an incremental $4 billion in service revenue. The 6x sales figure is derived from software sector average valuations. Albeit, the scope of the acquisitions would vary in size, I believe my estimates more or less conforms with industry multiples, and likely scope of Apple's M&A activity upon cash repatriation.

As such, I anticipate the services business to contribute $51.77 billion in sales by FY'20, assuming a reasonable scenario of Apple Pay + M&A ramp.

However, I take on a more neutral stance, and exclude the impact of M&A, while also including Apple Pay contribution to derive my value estimate for the business unit.

I believe the Apple Services business has a net profit margin of 38.9% or so. This is driven by Apple's average corporate tax rate of approx. 25%, and operating costs that compose 10% of the segment's total revenue. Hence, I value Apple's service business after forecasting $18.6 billion in net income contribution by FY'20, and applying 25.29 earnings multiple to that figure. I then discount my estimate by AAPL's WACC of 11.53% to derive an estimated value of Apple's service/software business.

Keep in mind, this is more for illustrative purposes than actual value computation. That being the case, I believe Apple Services should be valued at $306 billion. I believe the hardware business contributes $35 billion in net income in FY'17, and when valued using my current estimate of $586 billion, the combined business units on an SOTP basis should be worth $892 billion, or $169.96 per share.

Of course, I'm not suggesting that Apple will reach $169.96 in 2017, but if we lived in a perfectly rational world, AAPL would be trading at a higher value premium.

Final thoughts

Keep in mind, the estimate I derived could prove too aggressive if in the event software categories excl. Apply Pay were to decelerate, though I believe Apple can sustain software/service revenue ramp when assuming greater software attach to hardware sales.

Furthermore, there's no indication that Apple will acquire businesses as aggressively as my estimates suggest. If anything, valuation is a bit subjective, as Apple tends to buy smaller tech franchises that have yet to report meaningful revenue/earnings contribution. Apple may supplement service revenue growth with some M&A activity, but the degree to which it may impact revenue/earnings is subjective at best.

In the most optimistic scenario, Apple acquires a cumulative $4 billion in attached revenue from M&A at a $24 billion market capitalization (assuming 6x sales). However, if Apple acquires private tech unicorns, the value premium could easily balloon past 15x sales, hence, Apple's cash repatriation may trigger an M&A race that pushes tech valuations even higher thus diminishing the actual revenue/earnings accretion.

I'm fairly optimistic on Apple's service segment, and will likely revise my financial model to reflect greater service revenue contribution in FY'17 and FY'18.

We continue to reiterate our high conviction buy recommendation, and $156 price target.

About Cho's Technology Research

Cho's Technology Research is SA's premier technology research package that gives investors and traders an additional edge when investing into tech companies. It's a trade publication, research service and an idea generator. It includes short-term trade ideas that yield 5%+, long-term small cap investment ideas that yield 25% This service comes at a low annual subscription cost of $20/month. The promotional price period will end soon! Subscribers get a free two-week trial upon checkout and can cancel at any point in time. For more information click here.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Even Steve Jobs Would Like This  New Report: Apple's Mac Is No Longer Virus-Free Macs have long enjoyed a reputation as being virus-free compared to the constant security scares affecting Windows machines.

But the reality isn't that simple.

The number of cases of affecting Macs has surged wildly over the last year -- growing by a huge 744% in 2016, according to the new McAfee Threat Report.

(We first saw it over on 9to5Mac, and you can read the full report below.)

The security firm detected 460,000 instances of malware on Macs. (That means it found nearly half a million infections -- not half a million different types of malware.)

The reason for this huge growth is adware bundling, McAfee says.

In other words, people are installing apps that come bundled with dodgy software ("adware") that sticks ads on their computer. It's invasive, but it's not necessarily as catastrophic as other types of malware -- like ransomware, which encrypts your data and forces you to pay a ransom to get it back (though multiple kinds can come bundled together, of course).

Apple offers an App Store on desktop, much like it does on iOS. By only using apps from there or trusted sources, users can mitigate their chances of getting hit. Use common sense, don't install apps from shady sources or unknown developers, and be careful what else it asks to install during the install process.

And remember: The 744% growth sounds alarming -- but it's still nothing compared to the amount of malware for Windows that McAfee identified.

Nearly 640 million malware instances were found overall by McAfee -- with the vast majority of these coming from Windows. The Mac malware is still a drop in the ocean in comparison.

Here's the full report from McAfee:

This post originally appeared on Business Insider. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Closes 0.22% Down on the Day for April 07 News

Market Summary Follow Apple Inc. is a Designs and develops hardware and software systems Last Price $ 143.17 Last Trade Apr/10 - 16:15 Change $ -0.17 Change Percent -0.12 % Open $ 143.60 Prev Close $ 143.34 High $ 143.88 low $ 142.90 52 Week High $ 145.46 52 Week Low $ 89.47 Market Cap 751,147,131,800 PE Ratio 5.68 Volume 18,473,045 Exchange NGS AAPL - Market Data & News AAPL - Stock Valuation Report Trade

Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) ended the trading day Friday at $143.34, representing a move of -0.22%, or $0.32 per share, on volume of 16.61 million shares.

Apple Inc designs, manufactures, & markets mobile communication & media devices, personal computers, & portable digital music players, & sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, & third-party digital content.

After opening the trading day at $143.73, shares of Apple Inc. traded between a range of $143.27 and $144.18. Apple Inc. currently has a total float of 5.25 billion shares and on average sees 23.88 million shares exchange hands each day.

The stock now has a 50-day SMA of $136.65 and 200-day SMA of $115.81, and it has a high of $145.46 and low of $89.47 over the last year. Its P/E ratio is 17.2 and its P/B ratio is 5.68.

Apple Inc. is based out of Cupertino, CA, and has 116,000 employees. The company s CEO is Timothy D. Cook.

For a deeper dive into the fundamentals of Apple Inc., check out equities.com s Stock Valuation Analysis report for AAPL. Want to invest with the experts? Subscribe to Equities Premium newsletters today! Visit http://www.equitiespremium.com/ to learn more about Guild Investment s Market Commentary and Adam Sarhan s Find Leading Stocks today.

GET TO KNOW THE DOW

The Dow Jones Industrial Average is the oldest and most-often cited stock market index for the American equities market. Along with other major indices such as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, it remains one of the most visible representations of the stock market to the outside world. The index consists of 30 blue chip companies and is a price-weighted index as opposed to a market-cap weighted index. This approach has made it somewhat controversial among market watchers. (See: Opinion: The DJIA is a Relic and We Need to Move On) The history of the index dates all the way back to 1896 when it was first created by Charles Dow, the legendary founding editor of the Wall Street Journal and founder of Dow Jones & Company, and Edward Jones, a statistician. The price-weighted, scaled index has since become a standard part of most major daily news recaps and has seen dozens of different companies pass through its ranks, with only General Electric ($GE) remaining on the index since its inception.

To get more information on Apple Inc. and to follow the company s latest updates, you can visit the company s profile page here: AAPL s Profile. For more news on the financial markets and emerging growth companies, be sure to visit Equities.com s Newsdesk. Also, don t forget to sign-up for our daily email newsletter to ensure you don t miss out on any of our best stories.

All data provided by QuoteMedia and was accurate as of 4:30PM ET.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer 
2017-04-01
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL): iPhone 8 Will Be Less Curved Than Galaxy S8 Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 8 will be less curved than the Samsung Galaxy S8, according to a note from JP Morgan analyst Rod Hall.

The analyst believes that the OLED iPhone model will not have an edge-to-edge display like the Galaxy S8, 9to5 Mac reported.

 While Apple s new OLED form factor looks similar, current indications are for less use of curved OLED which may result in a slightly less  infinity  screen form factor,  Hall said in the note to clients.

Previous reports suggested that the high-end OLED iPhone 8 would be an expensive handset. It is said to get a hefty price tag of $1,000.

According to Hall, the average selling price of the entire next iPhone line to expand as the expected iPhone 8 hits around $1000 ASP.

The analyst predicted that the high-end iPhone models will come with a 3GB RAM configuration. He also believes that NAND Flash providers and other suppliers will  benefit from the potential content increase in the upcoming iPhone. 

Hall raised his forecast for the expected  iPhone supercycle  to 260 million units in 2018 from 245 million.

 We have raised our FY18 iPhone forecast to 260mn units (vs. consensus at 225mn) from 245mn units, driven by a strong feature upgrade and robust replacement demand, with the installed base at 1.1bn units. With a ~$1,000 ASP for the OLED model, we also anticipate ASP expansion in the next iPhone cycle. 

iPhone 8

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is rumored to launch the iPhone 8 in September alongside  iPhone 7s  and  iPhone 7s Plus  models.

The 10th-anniversery iPhone is expected to sport a 5.8-inch OLED screen. According to the rumors mill, the iPhone 8 would feature a long-distance wireless charging technology.

Moreover, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted that the premium iPhone model would feature a dual-lens camera that Apple introduced in the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. According to a report from The Korea Economic Daily, the iPhone 8 might sport a 3D camera.

Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) closed down 0.19% on Friday. The stock is up more than 24% year-to-date. During the last 12 months, the iPhone maker s stock have surged nearly 36%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
