2015-07-10
David Beckham catches stray ball at Wimbledon David Beckham stole the show at Wimbledon on Thursday. The British soccer star was sitting in the Royal Box for the men's doubles semifinal match featuring fellow Brit Jamie Murray and John Peers. Yes, Murray   as in the older brother of singles star Andy Murray.

When a ball bounced off the line judge's chair and straight into the stands, Beckham reached out and caught it with one hand. He started laughing and waved to the crowd as everyone realized it was him. Even the players stopped and applauded against their rackets.

LONDON, ENGLAND - JULY 09: David Beckham and Mother, Sandra Georgina West applaud after the victory by Jamie Murray of Great Britain and John Peers of Australia in the Gentlemens Doubles Semi Final match against Jonathan Erlich of Israel and Philipp Petzschner of Germany during day ten of the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Championships at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club on July 9, 2015 in London, England. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images) More

Beckham was taking in the match beside his mother, Sandra. Pippa Middleton and brother James Middleton were sitting nearby. The soccer star has been spotted with his sons earlier in the week.

Murray and Peers won in four sets to advance to the final.

The Murray brothers were the first to advance to the single and doubles semifinals since 1962. Jamie Murray was part of the Wimbledon mixed doubles winning pair in 2007. He'll play for the title on Saturday, while younger bro Andy takes on Roger Federer in the men's singles semifinals on Friday.

______________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. IBM Just Created the World's Smallest, Most Powerful Chip; Here's Why You ... You might not think about computer chips very often   if at all   but they power everything from your smartphone and TV to the freakin  International Space Station. So it goes without saying that they are among the most important pieces of technology we have.

That s why it s news when IBM announces   as it just did   that it has created one of the most advanced processors on the planet, with parts that are barely bigger than a strand of DNA. The chip will reportedly be four times as powerful as today s top-shelf processors, at roughly half the size.

Here s what we know about the latest superchip and what it ll mean to you.

Wait, what s the big deal about a computer chip?

Fair question. Computer chips are basically super-small electronic brains that perform the millions of calculations per second that are required when you browse Facebook or play Candy Crush.

They do this by passing electrical currents between tiny things called transistors. And, to simplify things terrifically, the smaller the transistors, the better the chip, the more calculations it can do, and the better games and apps will run on it.

OK, what s the deal with this new chip?



At the most basic level, IBM s processor, which it worked on with GlobalFoundries, Samsung, and the State University of New York (SUNY), has far smaller transistors than any other processor on the planet. That means that when the chip eventually appears in future smartphones, computers, and other pieces of technology, those gadgets will be faster and more energy-efficient.

But how will it make things faster?

OK, so remember those transistors we mentioned? Your average processor can pack billions of them onto something the size of your fingernail.

Today s best chips have transistors that measure about 14 nanometers. (A nanometer is one billionth of a meter.) The next generation of chips that are coming (but aren t in use yet) will have 10-nanometer transistors. IBM s new chip, however, has transistors that measure just 7 nanometers.

That means the company can pack even more of them onto a chip. By increasing the number of transistors and shrinking the distance between them, IBM is able to reduce the amount of time it takes for electrical currents to move between them. That makes for faster chips.

Wait, did you say 7 nanometers?!

Oh, yeah. This stuff is super-small. We re talking microscopic. To put things into perspective, a single strand of DNA has a diameter of 2.5 nanometers.

Why didn t they make these things this small before?

Well, that s the thing. It wasn t exactly possible. The problem has been that the silicon that current computer chips are made of doesn t quite do the job in objects smaller than 10 nanometers. So IBM had to invent two new types of technology before it could make these chips.

Instead of regular silicon, it used something called silicon germanium, as well as a process called extreme ultraviolet lithography. You don t have to worry about what all of that means. All you have to know is that this is some ridiculously high-tech manufacturing, and it s the reason the new chip is possible.

Gotcha! So super-tiny transistors on a chip mean more power and better battery life for my gadgets?

Yep!

And this new chip and its even smaller transistors mean that devices will get even more powerful and efficient?

Read More Decoding China's swoon, and what it means for Silicon Valley China s stock markets have been in free-fall for the past several weeks, reversing tremendous gains over the prior twelve months. The Chinese version of the SEC (CSRC) has intervened , attempting to staunch the slide. The management teams of many local Chinese companies have unilaterally halted trading in their own stocks, adding to the panic that currently prevails. Additionally, the ADRs (American Depository Receipts) of the shares in Chinese tech companies that trade in the U.S. have also fallen pretty sharply.

At my venture capital firm, GGV Capital, we ve been actively investing in China with a strong local presence for the past 15 years. We ve backed some of the strongest new-economy Chinese companies that have emerged including Alibaba ( baba ) , Qunar ( qunr ) and YY ( yy ) , and our China-based partners have been involved at the earliest stages of other Chinese tech companies such as Baidu ( bidu ) and Xiaomi. We re heavily invested in China and are on the ground to see developments first-hand. We ve lived through the Internet bubble, SARS and the global financial crisis, to name a few. As a result, I ve gotten lots of questions recently about what s going on in China, the prospects for the Chinese economy, and what the impacts might be on the US tech and VC markets. I ve summarized some of the key elements of the story and my perspective on these questions below.

The Chinese stock market sell off in context

China has several local exchanges. The Shanghai and Shenzhen exchanges (which include  A-Share, Renminbi denominated stocks) are the most developed and include many low-growth, offline-economy, state-owned enterprises (SOEs) with minority stakes that trade publicly. SOEs are often local monopolies. There are also three Nasdaq styled exchanges   the Shenzhen-based Chinext (aka  3rd board), the Beijing based  New Third Board  and the very new  Special Shanghai Board.  These three exchanges have less stringent listing criteria, and include other local companies, many of which are offline-economy focused or niche players with slowing growth. Chinese stocks on all of these exchanges fell steadily for roughly the four years leading up to last summer.

Meanwhile, the Chinese economy kept growing and many publicly-listed companies exhibited solid financial performance. As a result, Chinese stocks got cheaper on a multiple basis during this period and started to look more attractive. Eventually a rally ensued, initially based on fundamentals. Subsequently, more liberal government policies, including the enhanced ability for individuals (retail investors) to buy on margin, began to fuel further stock appreciation as investors had access to more capital and a thirst to bet on appreciating equities. This spiraled on itself until roughly one month ago when Chinese stocks began their nose-dive. The surge was meaningful   for example, A-Shares were up on average approximately 140% in the 12 months before the fall of the past 3-4 weeks.

What is the government doing and why?

The government has a priority to build flourishing, open capital markets in China. One important step is to have some of the highest quality Chinese companies trade locally. As local Chinese stocks rallied up until a month ago, an arbitrage window began to open up. Chinese companies trading in the US with ADRs looked like they d have much higher valuations on Chinese exchanges. As a result, several take-private transactions were announced, where local Chinese funds partnered with management teams and local financial institutions to announce buyout offers for ADR, U.S.-listed Chinese companies, with the ultimate plan of restructuring these companies as onshore Chinese entities and taking them public locally. Given the government s priority of building out the local Chinese stock markets, I believe there s tacit support for these types of deals, and many of the U.S.-listed ADRs rallied on rumors of more take-private offers coming.

Now with the local markets in free fall, the Chinese government is more focused in the short term on trying to calm the markets, similar to the moves we ve seen the U.S. government make in times of local market strife. To date, these moves seem pretty draconian (e.g., unilaterally locking up insiders from selling stock for a long while, closing the IPO window, etc.) and have been ineffective in reversing the slide. Making matters worse, many companies have halted trading in their own stocks, further stoking panic fears among investors who are getting margin calls and needing to find liquidity urgently.

What s the impact?

The wealth effect impact of the falling market should be fairly moderate in my opinion. In the U.S., approximately 60% of all equities are owned by institutional investors, in China this figure is only 10%. So, the big losers of this recent market sell off are individuals. Second, while participation in the equity markets had certainly become more popular over the past year as margin debt became available and people were seeing strong gains, the numbers I ve seen suggest there are less than 100M trading accounts open in China. Relative to the 1.3 billion people in China, this is a small percentage of the population. Third, across the population, equities represent a small percentage of total net worth (much lower than the U.S., for example), so the average person can recover from a shock in equity values. Finally, financial institutions who ve lent money on margin to these speculators may end up with bad loans on their books, but these seem to represent a very small percentage of their balance sheets, again pointing to a relatively muted impact of this sell-off.

Will it impact the broader economy in China?

Generally there s a pretty tight linkage between equity markets and underlying macro-economic trends. In this case, similar to the U.S. dotcom bubble, the rally and then fall of Chinese stocks seems de-coupled from the underlying economy. The pain will be felt by a minority of consumers in China and, as a result, I suspect the damage will be fairly muted. This may impact economic growth rates on the margin, especially because consumption is climbing as a component of China s GDP growth, but I wouldn t be shocked by government intervention to stimulate consumption. Of course, if consumer sentiment is meaningfully negatively impacted by the equity market swoon, the economic slow-down could be more precipitous, so we should watch this closely over the coming months and quarters.

What s the impact for Silicon Valley? How about for the new economy companies in China?

Most in Silicon Valley under-estimate the growing convergence between the U.S. and Chinese tech economies. These two markets rely on each other now more than ever. Apple s ( aapl ) biggest market is now China. The same will be true for Uber by the end of this year. Conversely, Alibaba, Tencent and others have been investing and acquiring in the U.S., while Chinese investors have become increasingly active in the U.S. venture capital arena.

I anticipate continued health and rapid growth of China s new economy. There s much infrastructure yet to build out, many new consumers entering the ranks of the middle class and huge growth coming in mobile internet users. These factors should conspire to continue to catapult new economy growth in China, overwhelming any negative impacts of wealth declines from the stock market. If I m correct, I think you ll see limited impact on Silicon Valley. The best U.S. mobile, Internet, hardware and enterprise companies will continue to eye China as a growth market, and many will follow Apple and Uber s lead into China, finding strong local competition but a very fruitful, dynamic market. Similarly, the strongest Chinese tech companies and investors will not lose sight of the U.S. as a desired place to do business.

So are we out of the woods?

I ve argued that the correction in Chinese equities will have a fairly modest impact on China s new economy and U.S. tech and VC markets. That said, there are still risks. Two that bear watching include the Chinese consumer and Chinese debt levels.

Chinese consumption is a critical and growing part of China s macro-economic growth machine. If Chinese consumers lose confidence and stop spending money, due to the stock market induced panic, fears of falling home prices, or some other reason, this could ultimately spill over to China s new economy health. China s total debt levels, including consumer, corporate and government debt, is at a very high ratio relative to total GDP. While underlying growth has helped finance this debt to date, a slow-down could cause significant challenges as well.

Glenn Solomon ( @glennsolomon ) is a Managing Partner with GGV Capital. Some of his recent investments include Zendesk, Nimble Storage, Pandora, Successfactors, Isilon, Domo, Square, Opendoor, AlienVault and HashiCorp. This post originally appeared on his blog. 
2015-04-06
Your Roku Now Has Voice and Channel Search Thanks to a Big Update Roku just made the best TV streaming devices on the market a whole lot better.

A major software update to both the Roku 3 and the Roku Streaming Stick adds a new channel search feature, voice search, and the option to be notified when your favorite movie is available for streaming.

From a practicality standpoint, the channel search option is easily the most helpful part of the software update. It allows you to find channels by searching by name the same way you would search for a movie or TV show.

Previously, finding specific Roku channels was incredibly frustrating, as you had to guess the category that a certain channel fell into and then manually scroll through the available channel list. And with more than 2,000 channels of content   which mostly cover incredibly niche and strange topics   that got old real fast.

The new voice search feature is also a step up from Roku s current search option. It lets you simply say what you want to watch and automatically pulls it up for you.

Like Amazon s Fire TV, Roku s voice search will be accessible via a special remote that comes with the updated $99 Roku 3. Also like Amazon s Fire TV and TV Stick, Roku is making its voice search available via its mobile app. So if you have a previous-generation Roku or Roku Streaming Stick, you ll still be able to take advantage of voice search.

Roku has also added a new Movies Coming Soon feature that lets you track movies from before they are in theaters to the time they are available for streaming, telling you what channels they are on and how much they cost.

So if you want to see The Avengers: Age of Ultron, but don t feel like paying theater prices, you can add it to your Movies Coming Soon queue, and your Roku will update you whenever it can be streamed.

(Though if there is a movie that I care enough about to plan streaming it months ahead of its availability, I ll probably just see it in a theater.)

In addition to the software update and improved Roku 3, the company has also announced a new version of the $79 Roku 2, which gets a faster processor that puts it on par with the Roku 3 in terms of performance.

Read More Could You Pass The FBI's Fitness Test? Are you as fit as a special agent? (Photo: Hero Images Inc./Hero Images Inc./Corbis)

For the first time in over a decade, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is requiring all of its special agents to take a physical fitness test, the New York Times reported today.

Agents have until October to go through the test, which consists of four different challenges: one minute of push-ups, one minute of sit-ups, a 300-meter sprint, and a 1.5-mile run, with only five minutes of rest between each segment. Scores are weighted based on a person s gender and age. Agents do not have to meet weight, height, or other body composition standards.

For years, all new agents have been required to pass rigorous physical assessments. But the FBI stopped making physical testing mandatory for established agents in 1999. According to FBI officials quoted by the New York Times, after the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, the agency s mission shifted to fighting terrorism   a job that often requires long desk hours   and fitness became less of a priority.

FBI director James B. Cooney reinstated the fitness tests at the end of last year.  The lives of your colleagues and those you protect may well depend upon your ability to run, fight, and shoot, no matter what job you hold,  Cooney said in an internal memo.

Related: Build A Superhuman Upper Body With This Workout



Are you fit enough to be an FBI agent? Here are the current standards that new applicants must pass. (As of press time, the FBI did not respond to Yahoo Health s request for the established agent standards.) To pass the test, a person must have a score of one or better in each of the four tests, and a cumulative score of at least 12. The catch: Each of these four exercises must be separated by only a five-minute break.

1. Sit-ups in one minute

This test consists of one minute of continuous sit-ups   no pauses. For a rep to count, you must lift your torso until your back is perpendicular to the floor; at the end of each rep, your shoulder blades have to touch the floor.

Passing for women: 35+ sit-ups

Passing for men: 38+ sit-ups

Related: Lose Belly Fat With Just Two Exercises



2. 300-meter sprint

The 300-meter sprint is an all-out run covering   of a lap of a standard track   about 2/10 of a mile. You start the sprint from a standing position (no track-style starts allowed).

Passing for women: 64.9 seconds or faster

Passing for men: 52.4 seconds or faster

3. Push-ups

In this test, you ll do as many push-ups as you can. The test isn t timed, but you have to do the push-ups continuously (no breaks). Both men and women must do full push-ups with toes on the floor. You must lower your body down until your upper arms are parallel to the ground for a rep to count.

Passing for women: 14+ pushups

Passing for men: 30+ pushups

4. 1.5-mile run

To assess endurance, the final portion of the test is a 1.5-mile run, or six laps around a standard track.

Passing for women: 13:59 or faster

Passing for men: 12:24 or faster

Note: Each of the passing scores above is the minimum for a score of one on the test. To pass the test, you need a score of one or greater on each individual test and a cumulative score of at least 12. (Better results yield higher scores.) If you re really curious about how you d do, check out the full ranking system on the FBI s website.



Specialists such as hostage rescue team members have stricter requirements to pass the test compared to established special agents, according to the New York Times.

The FBI s test is similar to other physical fitness tests for the military and public servants. The Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, for example, which educate Federal law enforcement officers, requires a sit and reach test for flexibility, maximum bench press lift, a 1.5-mile run, and an agility run. There is also a body composition test to measure percentage of body fat, but it doesn t affect a person s score on the test.



The U.S. Marine Corps gives all Marines a physical fitness assessment yearly. The test includes pull-ups (or a flexed-arm hang for women), crunches, and a three-mile run that must be completed within 31 minutes.

Read This Next: The Big Chest And Arms Workout



Let s keep in touch! Follow Yahoo Health on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest. 
2015-03-12
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Walt Disney Co (DIS)'s ABC Television Group Extend the ... Today, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) s Disney/ABC Television Group have appreciated their healthy relationship by announcing an extension. As reported on ABC News, content of famous shows across DATG will be featured on Yahoo! Inc. from today and Good Morning America will start a new daily  Yahoo Your Day  series on Monday.

 Our partnership with Yahoo has thrived in the last 3 three years, creating and delivering to millions a rich blend of live breaking news, major special events, historic newsmaker interviews and compelling digital original series. The combination of ABC News  world-class journalism, DATG s hit programming and Yahoo s vast digital network, talent and technology is an unstoppable force. I m incredibly excited about what the future will bring,  said James Goldston, President of ABC News.

For about three years, the Yahoo-ABC News Network has been a great source of news and online information having audience of over 129 million people in their combined platforms per month. Just like Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) s Disney/ABC Television Group, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is also looking forward to have a long business relationship with them, as it is planning to feature ABC News content more often across its platform and making it visible to over one billion Yahoo s active users per month.

ABC News and Yahoo News will deepen their collaboration on major news events. In  Yahoo Your Day  daily program, Yahoo! Inc. s top editors and experts will be featured including Joe Zee   Yahoo! Inc. s Style Editor In Chief, Bobbi Brown   Yahoo! Inc. s Beauty Editor In Chief, Michele Promaulayko   Yahoo! Inc. s Health Editor In Chief and Kerry Diamond   Yahoo! Inc. s Food Editor In Chief.

 Everyday, Yahoo creates content for our audiences in the subjects that matter most to them   news, fashion, beauty, travel, entertainment, sports and more. In less than a year since their founding, Yahoo s Digital Magazines have quickly become leading digital and mobile content destinations, with our style & beauty, travel and parenting magazines ranked number one in their respective categories. We look forward to sharing their magazine content in a fresh new format every morning on Good Morning America. In addition, we are pleased to make Yahoo the ultimate destination for fans of hit ABC programming by providing them with special access to their favorite shows,  said Kathy Savitt, CMO and Head of Media, Yahoo! Inc.

This new cross-platform collaboration between Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) s Disney/ABC Television Group would be an excellent opportunity to boost the number of audience for each other, as ABC News would be getting more attention from Yahoo! Inc. s users while Yahoo s popularity and traffic would be increased through fans of ABC Network.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Yahoo: Native Ads Drive 3.6X Lift In Branded Search Vs. Conventional Display As one part of its growth strategy, Yahoo has bet heavily on native ads. The company s Gemini platform offers both mobile search and in-stream/native display ads to marketers. Yahoo also says its native ads perform much better than conventional display ads.

Forecaster eMarketer has estimated the market for native ads in the US will be worth roughly $5 billion by 2017.

During the recent IAB event in Phoenix, Arizona Yahoo walked me through consumer research that supports its native ad consumer claims and offered some best practices advice. As a general matter, the company said that 60 percent of consumers  feel positive about native ads. 

In the past I ve been skeptical about native ads and whether consumers are often unable to distinguish them from editorial content. Yahoo disputes this and says that transparency actually improves native ad performance.

Research from the 614 Group found that 69 percent of marketers saw native ads as valuable. And a July 2014  Advertiser Perceptions  study found that roughly 80 percent of advertisers were intending to buy native advertising this year.

As an aside it s interesting to note that not all advertisers in the survey above were planning to buy search or mobile. Both really should be universal or nearly universal.

Yahoo says aggregate metrics and case study data demonstrate that native ads dramatically outperform conventional display ads in driving advertiser site visits and follow-up search activity. For example, as the chart above illustrates, there was a 204 percent improvement in later branded search queries based on prior exposure to branded native ads.

In a mobile context specifically Yahoo reported that  effectively integrated [native] ads gain 3X more attention than non-native mobile ads. In addition the company said that mobile native ads see a 2.6X higher CTR than other Yahoo mobile display ads.

In contrast to my suspicions about native ad success being about consumer confusion or  deception,  Yahoo says that increased transparency about sponsored content actually improves performance, assuming contextual relevance.

The company found that when ad copy was changed and brand logos were added to sponsored content to improve transparency, awareness, brand favorability and purchase intent all improved. 
2015-11-05
California's Newsom Taps Technology Industry in Bid for Governor California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom is trying to lock up the state s highest office in 2018 by framing an early-stage campaign around technology-friendly policies, gun control, legal pot and his record promoting same-sex marriage.

This week, Newsom advocated defeat of a San Francisco ballot measure to curb short-term home-stay companies such as Airbnb Inc., which critics accuse of driving up the city s housing prices.

 The old paradigm of leadership was command and control,  Newsom, 48, said in a Nov. 3 interview at Bloomberg s San Francisco office.  Now in my argument it s climate control. It s about creating conditions in which entrepreneurial energy can thrive, not just survive. It s part of a larger narrative of flexibility and openness and addressing changing realities. 

Newsom rose to national prominence in 2004 as San Francisco mayor when he began issuing wedding licenses to same-sex couples, marking the start of the gay marriage movement in the U.S. that culminated in the Supreme Court s decision in June to legalize the practice. He said the decision alienated him from some political backers, but he felt morally compelled to do it.

Past Campaign

He ran unsuccessfully for governor in 2010 and in February became the first candidate to announce a bid to replace Jerry Brown, the longest-serving governor in California s history whose last term ends in 2018. Newsom is backing California ballot measures to legalize recreational use of marijuana, raise the state s minimum wage to $15 and treat ammunition sales like gun sales.

Gun control  is to me a profound ethical and moral issue,  Newsom said.  California in many respects is no longer leading in gun safety. In California, we know that those who have registered assault rifles -- over 1,400 are in the hands of people who have been convicted of a felony or a violent misdemeanor or are dangerously mentally ill. 

He said he supports legalization of recreational marijuana use because of inequities in the justice system that result in more arrests for blacks than whites.

 That said, I don t smoke it, I don t like it, I don t want to see it advertised,  Newsom said.

$2.7 Million

Newsom has raised $2.7 million in the first half of this year, pulling heavily from the state s tech elite. Sean Parker, the billionaire former president of Facebook Inc., and Salesforce.com Inc. Chief Executive Officer Marc Benioff each gave the maximum amount of $56,400, while Yahoo! Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer gave $54,400, according to data from the California secretary of state s office.

Newsom withdrew his bid for governor in 2010 after Brown took a commanding lead in both polls and fundraising. Newsom switched course, ran for lieutenant governor and won. He s serving his second term.

Potential contenders to challenge Newsom include former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and current Mayor Eric Garcetti, along with venture capitalist and former state controller Steve Westly and billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer, who could self-fund their campaigns.

 We ve got to raise an absurd amount of money,  Newsom said.  There may be a number of people self-funding that will be running against me. That s why we started early. 

Harmeet Dhillon, vice chairman of the California Republican Party, called Newsom a charismatic but flawed politician whose pro-business stance  is good rhetoric,  she said.

 Doubt It 

 But do I think that Republican voters are going to look at Gavin Newsom and think he s the guy to carry that out? I doubt it,  Dhillon said.

Newsom said he s convened 33 teams on a variety of subject matters, including homelessness, childcare and mental health, to prepare his platform for his run.

California s economic health -- measured by employment, home prices, tax revenue and other indicators -- improved the fastest after Michigan and Colorado since 2011, data compiled by Bloomberg show. California companies have provided total return of 109 percent since 2011, compared with 78 percent for the Russell 3000 index, the data show.

 This is all encouraging data for the state, which flies in the face of a lot of the rhetoric about public policy and governance,  Newsom said.  If there s one thing that Jerry has proven it s you don t have to be profligate to be progressive. And I think he s proven Democrats can govern. 

Still, Newsom said, the state could do more to lure business and promote its successes.

 Celebrate Success 

 California has a lot to celebrate,  Newsom said.  We have companies moving in every day into the state. You would never know it. We don t celebrate success. You only know when the company leaves. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Newsom entered politics in 1996 when then-San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown appointed him to the parking and traffic commission and later to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, which functions as the city council. He was elected mayor in 2003 and served two terms. Newsom is the founder of PlumpJack Group, a collection of 18 hotels, wineries and restaurants in San Francisco, Napa Valley, Lake Tahoe and Marin County.

As lieutenant governor, he s focused efforts on promoting California s competitiveness to the business community, including releasing a report in 2011 with an agenda to streamline state agencies that deal with businesses, promote clean energy and manufacturing and increase exports.

Newsom commended Brown for the state s budget turnaround, moving the state from a $27 billion deficit when he took office four years ago to a record surplus.

Brown  has carved out a very intriguing and a very formidable governance frame that folks like me can learn a lot from,  Newsom said.  That said, I don t know who else is going to run. I m not thinking much about that right now.  
2015-07-08
Yahoo Launches Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today announced the new Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy   one-day and one-week fantasy contests for cash prizes. For nearly two decades, Yahoo Sports has entertained fans around the world with the most engaging content, news and fantasy experiences. Today, we re taking the game to the next level and giving fans what they ve always wanted   the chance to compete with their friends and win cash, everyday. With today s launch, Yahoo becomes the first major sports site and the only technology company of its scale to offer its own Daily Fantasy experience.

"For more than 16 years, we ve built the best fantasy experience for our fans. Our users spend nearly 30 billion minutes a year playing fantasy sports on Yahoo, and today we re thrilled to introduce a daily fantasy experience designed for the modern fan,  said Simon Khalaf, SVP Product and Engineering at Yahoo.  The growing popularity of Daily Fantasy games is a fantastic opportunity for us to bolster our leadership by providing our millions of existing fantasy users as well new fans out there with a unique take on this game genre."

Yahoo has designed this experience for the mobile fantasy player and is the only company to offer Daily Fantasy, Full Season Fantasy, and real-time sports news and scores as an all-in-one experience. Now users can join a new contest with their friends every day with the chance to win real cash prizes, and a simplified salary cap makes it fast and easy. Users can go to Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy and update or download the Fantasy Sports App from the App Store to play natively on the iPhone and on any device through their browser.

Yahoo s launch of Daily Fantasy provides a new opportunity for our existing partners to reach the highly engaged audience of fantasy sports players, which grew 40% in the last year alone, hitting more than 56 million across the U.S. and Canada (according to a recent study by the FSTA).

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' digital habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com) Top 10 S&P 500 companies most exposed to China Given China s status as U.S. s second largest trading partner after Canada, the recent meltdown of the Chinese stock market poses a serious challenge to American companies with significant interest there.

As an economic powerhouse with a voracious appetite for everything from Coach handbags to iPhones, China has emerged as an important market for U.S. companies. But as the events of the past month demonstrated, all is not well in China and that could increasingly affect U.S. corporate profitability.

For now, most analysts are dismissive of concerns that the instability in the stock market could trigger a broader economic crisis. Still, they are recommending investors to minimize China risk, be it buying Chinese stocks or investing in U.S. companies which rely on China for a bulk of their revenue.

Top S&P 500 companies with most sales from China:

Technology companies are the most vulnerable to the turmoil in China, according to data from FactSet. But fast food chain operator Yum Brands, logistics firm Expeditors International, and baby formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition are also hugely vested in the Chinese market.

And although not on the list, it s worth noting that Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% still owns a 15% stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.38% while China accounts for 16% of Apple Inc. s AAPL, -0.53% revenue.

Jitters over the selloff in Chinese stocks weighed on the U.S. market with all three stock indexes lower. 
2015-01-19
Watch a Chinese basketball player learn that he cannot dunk over five people I've never been in a slam dunk contest, but it seems to me that if you want to win one, you need a few things. You need style, flash and panache. You need enough creativity to come up with the kind of entry that nobody's seen before, or at least something rad enough that it still looks cool even if people have seen it before. You need the confidence that you're going to be able to pull off whatever you've got planned. Perhaps most importantly, though, you need the athleticism to be able to complete the dunk you've chosen.

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

This gentleman who participated in the dunk contest at the Chinese Basketball Association's All-Star Game festivities had the first three in spades. He did not have enough of them, however, to make up for the staggering deficit he faced in No. 4.

And now, without further ado: The full sequence of a man trying to dunk over five people, and failing miserably.

Here it is again in slow motion:

... and here it is on a perpetual loop, so you can watch it forever:

Past CBA dunk contests have proven underwhelming, and this year's model was deflating enough for Andrew Crawford of Shark Fin Hoops to suggest that "maybe there should be a hiatus on this event until proper dunkers can be found." And yet, as David Roth writes at VICE Sports, perhaps we need this contest in which boring, brash and bonkers coexist so easily and consistently:

There are better slam dunk contests in this big world, of course. But there is none that more reliably captures what it means to be human than the Chinese Basketball Association slam dunk contest. May all the competitors recover swiftly from their kind of serious-looking self-inflicted physical injuries, and never ever ever question their limitations.

Especially because, even after watching this particular dunker go down in flames, his successor refused to reconsider his own path:

With the following dunk, the player jumped over a guy that was kneeling on the floor. He made the dunk but kicked the guy in the head.   Jake Pavorsky (@JakePavorsky) January 19, 2015

A perfectly appropriate bit of punctuation to an event that saw Michael Beasley makes history, no?

Video via oneworldsportstv. Hat-tip to Jake Pavorsky

- - - - - - -

Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter!

Follow @YourManDevine

Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more. 
2015-10-25
Yahoo Puts Martha Nelson, Former Time Inc. Exec, in Charge of All Media Yahoo has put Martha Nelson, previously a longtime Time Inc. senior editorial executive, in charge of its overall media strategy, including video.

Nelson joined Yahoo in August as senior VP and global editor-in-chief, and is now in charge of the company s content businesses including video, a Yahoo rep confirmed. Her title remains unchanged. The expansion of her duties was reported earlier by Re/Code.net.

Yahoo s promotion of Nelson comes after the company s costly foray into long-form scripted original series, a strategy that CEO Marissa Mayer pulled the plug on in recent months. Media strategy previously was led by ex-CMO Kathy Savitt, who quit to join STX Entertainment last month.

Yahoo took a $42 million write-down on  Community  and two other series for the third quarter of 2015, after the show failed to attract audiences or advertisers at a scale that would make them profitable anytime soon; the company said it is taking a  pause  on long-form TV-style video.

Prior to Yahoo, Nelson worked at Time Inc. for 20 years, most recently as EIC of the mag publisher overseeing all editorial. Nelson departed Time Inc. in 2013, when Norman Pearlstine returned to the company.

With Nelson in charge of Yahoo s overall content strategy, it appears Mayer wants to redouble its focus on targeted, vertical  digital magazines,  such as Yahoo Style, Yahoo Travel, Yahoo Tech and Yahoo Food. On the video front, the company has been upping short-form original content produced for the magazine destinations.

Nelson was the founding editor of InStyle, leading the title from 1993-2002. Her subsequent stints at Time Inc. included managing editor of People, group editor of style and entertainment group, and editorial director of Time Inc. 
2015-03-09
Starboard Urges Yahoo to Narrow Its Focus Starboard Value LP is continuing to push for a  major overhaul  at Yahoo Inc., urging the company to cut costs, spin off its stake in Yahoo Japan and focus on its core businesses.

In a letter to Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer on Monday, Starboard said the changes, which include up to $570 million in annual cost costs and $4 billion in share buybacks, could add $11.70 a share to Yahoo s stock price, or an increase of about... 
2015-08-29
Secretary of Defense unveils $75-million investment in Silicon Valley venture Defense Secretary Ashton Carter landed Friday at Moffett Federal Airfield for his second appearance in Silicon Valley in four months to reassure technology industry leaders that the Pentagon views their work as vital to the future of national defense.

"I've been pushing the Pentagon to think outside our five-sided box and invest in innovation here in Silicon Valley and in tech communities across the country," Carter said during a speech inside the world's largest wind tunnel near the sprawling airfield. "Now we're taking another step forward."

He announced that the Pentagon was investing $75 million in a consortium of more than 100 companies, including Apple Inc. and Boeing Co., called the Flexible Hybrid Electronic Institute, which specializes in wearable electronics. Colleges and local governments will contribute an additional $96 million over five years.

Flexible hybrid electronics are paper-thin sensors that could one day replace wiring and circuit boards on aircraft, ships and other weapons.

With the investment, the Pentagon says it is making a bet on high technology that eventually could alert military members to electronic failures and structural problems.

It could also be used as "smart clothing" that will alert soldiers to the first signs of injury or exhaustion, Carter said.

Defense Secretary Ashton Carter Justin Sullivan / Getty Images  I've been pushing the Pentagon to think outside our five-sided box and invest in innovation here in Silicon Valley and in tech communities across the country,  Carter said Friday.  I've been pushing the Pentagon to think outside our five-sided box and invest in innovation here in Silicon Valley and in tech communities across the country,  Carter said Friday. (Justin Sullivan / Getty Images) (Justin Sullivan / Getty Images)

"Our troops will be able to lighten their loads with sensors and electronic gear embedded in their clothing, and wounded warriors will benefit from smart prosthetics that have the full flexibility of human skin," he said.

Carter is on the final day of a three-day trip through California. On Thursday, he watched a Marine amphibious-assault exercise at Camp Pendleton before flying up to Silicon Valley on Friday morning.

In his tour through the valley, Carter visited LinkedIn's campus in Mountain View and the Pentagon's Defense Innovation Unit-Experimental, which was launched in April to scout promising technologies for the military.

He arrived at Moffett, a former naval base, where the U.S. Navy housed its blimp-like airships during World War II. The massive wooden hangars that stored the airships still stand, but now they house robots, drones and other technology being developed by Google Inc.

For two decades, no defense chief showed up to this high-tech community. Carter, who spent a year working in Silicon Valley and taught at Stanford University, changed that within his first two months in office.

He has repeatedly tried to develop more of a relationship with the West Coast tech industry. A strong bond, Carter said, could help bridge the gaps in U.S. cyberdefense and speed up the Pentagon's sluggish procurement system to get useful technology to the military.

But Silicon Valley's fast-paced start-up culture does not match up with the Pentagon's slow, bureaucratic way of doing business. And the relationship worsened in the wake of the Edward Snowden scandal.

Snowden, a former National Security Agency contractor, leaked documents that showed that the NSA   an intelligence agency that is part of the Pentagon   secretly tapped data feeds at Facebook, Google, Yahoo Inc. and other companies.

The disclosures embarrassed the tech companies at home and abroad.

"We're drilling tunnels through that wall that separates government from scientists and commercial technologists   making it more permeable so more of America's brightest minds can contribute to our mission of national defense, even if only for a time," Carter said.

Matthew Mahood, San Jose Silicon Valley Chamber of Commerce president, said much of the tech industry here began with an initial investment from the Pentagon and that Carter's investment will pay off.

"The secretary is no stranger to the Silicon Valley. He knows, firsthand, how entrepreneurs work and how innovation occurs at an incredible pace here," he said. "The [Pentagon] just made a good bet."

william.hennigan@latimes.com

Twitter: @wjhenn 
2015-01-21
Must-know: Yahoo is on an acquisitions spree What you can expect from Yahoo's 4Q14 earnings PART 11 OF 14

Must-know: Yahoo is on an acquisitions spree

Yahoo s acquisitions

In the last couple of years, Yahoo (YHOO) made six building block transactions and two strategic deals. The main objective of the inorganic growth was to expand the company s share in the mobile and video market. Yahoo acquired Aviate in January 2014. It planned to use Aviate s technology to deliver its content on Google s (GOOG) (GOOGL) Android home screen in a smarter and more personalized manner.

Aviate is a mobile application that offers intelligent information depending on the user s location and context. It simplifies the user s home screen. Previously, Yahoo acquired Xobni. Xobni made smart email and contacts management apps and IQ engines. It s an image-recognition startup. Yahoo wanted to use Xobni to improve Flickr s photo organization and search.

In August 2013, Yahoo acquired a social web browser startup Rockmelt. It planned to reinvent the way users use web through a host of social features. Then, Yahoo acquired Summly in March 2013 for digital magazines. It s a mobile news aggregation app. It gives mobile users a snapshot of the news stories they re interested in. It provides the news stories in a simple and elegant way.

Similarly, Yahoo acquired RayV in July 2014 to improve the video streaming transcoding. RayV is a video streaming startup. It provides high-quality video streaming to mobile devices and computers.

Interested in YHOO? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YHOO Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Yahoo s other strategic acquisitions were Tumblr and Flurry. Yahoo s Flurry is similar to Facebook s (FB) Audience Network and Google s AdMob. Twitter (TWTR) also released a new developer platform, Fabric, to help create and monetize apps. Fabric goes one step further than Audience Network. It helps developers manage their ad inventories. It also helps developers debug and test new apps.

Yahoo spent over $1.6 billion on these acquisitions. Of the amount, 80% was spent on its two strategic acquisitions. Yahoo believes that these acquisitions will be instrumental in replacing and outpacing the declining legacy revenue. Management said that Yahoo has a very clear merger and acquisition strategy. It will continue to seek more merger opportunities. It will invest in mobile, social, native, and video.

Yahoo s cash and cash equivalents tripled in 3Q14

As the above chart shows, Yahoo s cash and marketable securities grew from $4.3 billion in the second quarter to $12.2 billion in the third quarter. In 3Q14, cash and marketable securities increased due to $9.4 billion in cash and pre-tax from the sale of Alibaba (BABA) shares in the IPO (initial public offering). They decreased due to a pre-payment of $1.1 billion under an accelerated share repurchase agreement.

The increase in the cash balance encouraged Yahoo to seek more acquisition opportunities and make more deals in mobile, social, native, and video advertising. The deals will help Yahoo upgrade its position in the online advertising market. Tumblr helped Yahoo increase its user engagement What you can expect from Yahoo's 4Q14 earnings PART 10 OF 14

Tumblr helped Yahoo increase its user engagement

Tumblr improved Yahoo s user engagement

Tumblr s engagement numbers have been really impressive. Tumblr s time spend grew from 22 minutes to 28 minutes on Tumblr s dashboard sessions.

On the earnings call, Yahoo s CEO, Marissa Mayer, said that Tumblr s revenue is growing nicely. It anticipates that it will achieve more than $100 million in revenue as well as positive EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization) in 2015. Today, more than 260 of the world s top brands not only have a presence on Tumblr, but also have advertising spend on the platform. The number is growing constantly.

Since Tumblr s acquisition in 2013, Mayer has been under constant pressure to reveal the material revenue growth from Tumblr. With Tumblr, Yahoo (YHOO) can tap into the younger generation and the millennials. Yahoo s ad platform powers Tumblr s sponsored posts. This monetizes the micro blogging platform.

The collaboration with Tumblr helped Yahoo to turnaround lagging advertising sales. The acquisition also enabled Tumblr to monetize its blogging content by making it a native-styled ad product. Big brands like BMW, MINI Cooper, and MasterCard have been sponsoring the content.

Interested in YHOO? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YHOO Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

User engagement is an important parameter that drives ad pricing

User engagement is an important parameter for Internet companies. It helps drive ad pricing. Tumblr is helping Yahoo increase its user engagement. In its quarterly earnings, Facebook (FB) mentioned that the redesign of right-hand column ads is helping it gain user engagement. As a result, Facebook s price per ad increased 123% year-over-year, or YoY. Similarly, Twitter s (TWTR) average advertising revenue per thousand timeline views doubled as it focused on increasing user engagement.

Yahoo has also been trying to increase its user engagement. During the second quarter earnings announcement, Yahoo s management mentioned that its new email application got a lot of attention from users. Yahoo claimed that it added one minute of time spent per user per day on Apple s (AAPL) iOS app. Its page views increased 70% compared to the previous mail app. On the Android platform, the time spent per user increased 65%.

According to a report from comScore, and as the chart above shows, Facebook s reach on smartphones in the US is 74%. Google (GOOGL) (GOOG) properties like Google Play, YouTube, and Google Search are next. Pandora is the fifth app in terms of smartphone reach. Analyzing how Yahoo's mobile analytics tools will help developers What you can expect from Yahoo's 4Q14 earnings PART 13 OF 14

Analyzing how Yahoo s mobile analytics tools will help developers

Significance of the mobile analytics tools

Mobile analytics tools help developers and advertisers get a deep understanding of the mobile customers. Marketers, agencies, and programmatic buyers use mobile analytics tools to reach consumers on the most personal and indispensable devices smartphones and tablets. Publishers use analytics tools to monetize their content through advertising. Mobile developers rely on analytics to understand their apps and users.

Interested in YHOO? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YHOO Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Yahoo s acquisition of Flurry

Yahoo (YHOO) acquired Flurry in July 2014 to boost its mobile products  offerings. It wanted to become the  mobile first  company. Flurry is a market leader in mobile analytics. Flurry optimizes the mobile experience for developers, marketers, and consumers. Analytics are critical for all mobile developers to understand and optimize their applications. The combined scale of the two companies will accelerate revenue growth for thousands of developers and publishers.

Yahoo s press release said that Flurry is used by 170,000 developers in 150 countries. It sees app activity from 1.4 billion devices monthly and 5.5 billion app sessions per day.

The acquisition will enable more effective mobile advertising solutions for brands wanting to reach their audiences and gain unique insights into consumers  behavior. Users will benefit from more personalized app experiences.

In order to understand consumers  behavior, Flurry tracks users  tap on mobile. It tracks the level of completions and purchases, or buys, to optimize the consumer s experience.

Yahoo acquired Flurry to monetize its apps. This is similar to Facebook s (FB) introduction of Audience Network. It allows the company to extend its advertising campaigns from Facebook s site or the Facebook application to millions of other mobile apps.

In a similar fashion, Twitter (TWTR) developed a platform, Fabric, for developers to create mobile apps. The developers can integrate this toolkit with their apps. The developers get crash reporting, beta testing, and analytics information regarding their apps. This platform also helps developers monetize their apps.

Yahoo reported its mobile revenue for the first time in 3Q14. eMarketer estimates that the company will take nearly 3.2% of the US mobile advertising market in 2014. In 2015, Yahoo s US mobile ad revenue will account for 3.74% of the country s mobile ad market. For the first time, it will pass Twitter.

According to eMarketer estimates, it will take a 3.69% share in 2015. By 2016, Yahoo s share will be near 4.2%. It will still lag behind Google (GOOG) (GOOGL) and Facebook by a wide margin. Ecology and Environment, Inc. Announces Five Vice President Appointments LANCASTER, NY--(Marketwired - Jan 21, 2015) - The Board of Directors of Ecology and Environment, Inc. (E & E) ( NASDAQ : EEI ) has appointed five new Vice Presidents: Dan Castle AICP, Mike Donnelly, Doug Heatwole, Mike Kane, and Dan Sewall. The appointments are an important move toward aligning management structure for all E & E business units and key strategic initiatives going forward.

A certified planner in E & E's Buffalo, NY office, Mr. Castle will be responsible for guiding strategic business development, capture planning initiatives, and client relationship management across multiple federal and state government and commercial market sectors.

As practice area leader for oil and gas services, Mr. Donnelly will lead oil and gas business development efforts from E & E's Houston, TX office and will be responsible for developing technical resources capacity, maintaining client relationships, and overseeing quality control.

From E & E's Pensacola, FL office, Mr. Heatwole will assume new responsibilities in business development and will help to build E & E's growing portfolio of restoration work, along with his ongoing leadership in regional markets and in new market endeavors.

As a practice area leader for E & E's Navy services, Mr. Kane will provide a holistic approach to integrating business development and project performance in the practice area and will lead eastern U.S. technical operations from E & E's Buffalo, NY headquarters.

Mr. Sewall will lead central U.S. technical operations from E & E's Chicago, IL office and will continue to provide leadership for improving E & E's technical resources organization. Senior management has also recommended Mr. Sewall for appointment to the board of directors of E & E companies Gustavson Associates, LLC and Lowham Walsh, LLC.

Headquartered in Lancaster, N.Y., E & E has completed thousands of projects for a wide variety of clients, including some of the most iconic, high-profile projects in the world. E & E is listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol EEI, and the information contained in this press release is available on the Company's website at www.ene.com. 
2015-03-29
The Internet Era before Facebook : AltaVista, GeoCities, Lycos, Netscape and ... Once upon a time Internet was ruled by AltaVista, GeoCities, Lycos, Netscape & Other Giants Of Web 1.0, do you even remember them?

The Internet phase before Facebook and Google was dominated by the giants of Web 1.0 like AltaVista, Geocities, Lycos, Netscape to name a few; however with the onset of Yahoo, Facebook and Google these giants seem to have been lost  or are they still there, any idea as to what happened to these giants? In this article we will just take a look at the fate of these giants in the last 20 years of the web history wherein some of the then biggest websites have either merged with the biggest websites of today or have been shut down and some may be still continuing quietly.

Yahoo

Yahoo Inc and styled as Yahoo! was founded in January 1994 and incorporated in March 1995. Globally known for its web portal and its famous Yahoo! Search engine. From 1997 till 1997 Yahoo remained among the top 3 most visited sites. Till the onset of Google, Yahoo was the most successful sites and ultimately it succumbed to Google s search engine.

Though Yahoo is still in operation with its different services like Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Messenger, Yahoo Directory, advertising, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Groups, online mapping and its various other services including the social media website. It seems that the mismanagement over many years led to this state of Yahoo however now company is more focused and in July 2013 Yahoo seems to have surpassed Google on the number of United States visitors to its websites. With Yahoo s recent acquisitions that includes Tumblr and Flickr, its CEO, Marissa Mayer hope to keep it alive inspite of online onslaught by Facebook and Google.

AltaVista

One of the first search engines used by many Internet users, Alta Vista was developed by Digital Equipment Corporation and was launched in December 1995. AltaVista was one of the first and most successful search engines that was able to locate and deliver any information required by an user hence it became one of the most popular search engines with a large number of indexes and also it boasted of advanced search tools. AltaVista used to process 2.5 million searches a day.

However slowly the search engine succumbed to the competition and the search engine was soon sold to Compaq in 1998 which later merged with Hewlett-Packard in May 2002. In 2003, Overture Services a search engine for online advertising, purchased AltaVista. Overture was in turn purchased by Yahoo in 2003. Yahoo and AltaVista together succumbed to Google, though AltaVista tried to reinvent itself by rolling out a dramatic overhaul of its site and indexing methodology however it could not sustain and was ultimately closed down in July 2013. The main reason for shut down of this giant search engine seems to be its bad management and also its delayed action in introducing innovative search tools due to which it could not withstand the competition from Google.

GeoCities

In 1990 when cloud computing was in its infancy, GeoCities was the goto site to store files. GeoCities began its journey as a Web Hosting service in December 1995. However, this was acquired by Yahoo in 1999 and finally shut down in October 2009. During the initial days whoever wanted to have a webpage for themselves would visit GeoCities however with the introduction of social networking and blogging sites people seemed to have lost their interest for GeoCities.

During the times when GeoCities was introduced it was providing tools to set up a page for the user and each user was provided with 2 Megabytes server space for free of cost however later on this same feature seemed to go against GeoCities as people started to feel the site was ugly and ultimately Yahoo took over GeoCities, however this collaboration did not succeed and ultimately GeoCities was closed by Yahoo in 2009 and the existing GeoCities users were encouraged to upgrade to Yahoo! s paid Web Hosting service.

Lycos

There are Internet users who swear by Lycos for good search results. Lycos Inc began its journey in 1994 and is still in operation. Basically it comprises of a network of email, Web hosting, social networking and entertainment websites. In 1998 it took over Tripod and in the next few years Lycos acquired nearly two dozen internet brands including Gamesville, WhoWhere, Wired Digital which was later on sold to Wired, Quote.com, Angelfire, Matchmaker.com and Raging Bull. In August 2010 as a part of its restructuring Lycos was sold to Ybrant Digital which is an internet marketing company based in India.

Angelfire

If you were a wannabe blogger in 1990s, Angelfire was the place to go. This is an internet service that offers free space for the websites. Originally launched in 1996 it actually began as a medium for Web site building and medical transcription service. Over a period of time the medical transcription service was dumped and the site focused on its Web site hosting. Eventually the site was sold and resold and finally it was bought by Lycos in 1998 which already had acquired Tripod.com.

In 2008 Angelfire included blogs and photo gallery building features and it started working separately from Tripod. Angelfire was linked by Lycos to some other company in UK which got shut down however the U.S. counterparts of Angelfire is still active. And in 2010 Angelfire got a major facelift and now it is being promoted as main Web publishing tool by Lycos. Hence this site is still in operation providing the Web Hosting service and is owned by Lycos.

Tripod

Another of services offering blogging services, Tripod started its journey in 1995 and is still in operation. Tripod started its service initially for the younger generation mainly for the college going students to build personal website. Tripod.com is now a Web hosting service owned by Lycos. In early 2001, Tripod was expanding at the rate of 250,000 new sites per month and hence it reached 6 million registered users up from the count of 1 million users at the time of its acquisition. Tripod is a sort of free service and users need to pay only if they want to avoid the advertisements. Tripod is best suited for expansion of small businesses by creating a professional website.

AOL

In 1990, when you installed Win95, you were greeted by the AOL icon. In 1983 it was founded as Control Video Corporation and then in 1991 it was known as America Online and since 2009 it is being known as AOL Inc. AOL is basically an American Multinational Mass Media corporation which is known for developing, growing the websites and also investing in the brands and websites. Presently it is based in New York city and its major business comprises of digital distribution of content, products and services that it offers to consumers, publishers and advertisers.

During mid 1990s America Online was a household name and a sort of introduced the internet to an entire generation. America Online was a dial up ISP. In 2000 AOL merged with Time Warner and since then things went wrong with AOL. Mainly because the Dialup was replaced by broadband internet access which was largely delivered by cable companies. Despite efforts by AOL they could not get into the broadband game. Then in 2006 America Online became AOL Inc. The release of iPhone also made things worst for AOL. Since 2008 AOL is still in operation as an independent company and it owns Advertising.com, Huffington Post, Moviefone, Engadget, TechCrunch, gdgt and Stylelist. AOL dial up still churns the maximum revenue and that is the main thing which gives AOL its recognition.

Netscape

The first victims of browser wars, Netscape Communications Corporation, an American Computer services company which is a web browser and commonly known as Netscape. It was launched in 1994 by Mosaic Communications and the browser was Mosaic Netscape. With the entry of Netscape the browsing rules were changed drastically as it would directly add features into the browser without consulting the standard committees.

Netscape believed  Net is for everyone  and hence one of its goals was to  level the playing field  among operating systems hence it provided a consistent web browsing experience across them. Netscape kept identical web browser interfaces which enabled users to access and edit their files across any network and any operating system which they use. This act of Netscape was liked by millions of users. However, in the long run Netscape could not stand the competition from Microsoft Internet Explorer and ultimately in 1999 it was acquired by AOL and shortly before its acquisition Netscape created Mozilla Organisation which eventually released its new browser Mozilla Firefox. Netscape as a company is no more since its acquisition by AOL and can be considered to be as good as shut down however Netscape  brand  is still being used by AOL/Time-Warner. As of 28th December 2007 AOL stopped development of Netscape Navigator however till March 2008 it continued supporting the web browser with security updates. Currently, AOL maintains the Netscape website as an Internet Portal, while its usurper, Microsofts Internet Explorer, is not doing good itself.

CompuServe

AOL competitor and another of ISPs, CompuServe was also one the go to service in 1990s. In 1979 CompuServe was the first service which offered electronic mail capabilities and technical support to personal computer users. Till 1998 CompuServe was a known name in many households for its retail ISP that people could dial into, however CompuServe succumbed to competition and was finally acquired by AOL which offered unlimited internet plans at a lower cost as compared to CompuServe. After being acquired by AOL CompuServe finally was shut down in June 2009.

Ask Jeeves

The site was launched in June 1996 in California and is still in operation. Originally launched as Ask Jeeves search engine this is now known as Ask.com. Ask Jeeves was a language based search engine. Ask Jeeves had a short lived popularity and the personal online service provided by the humorous character  Jeeves  was liked by many people; however Jeeves failed to provide a direct answer and to add to this the various links provided by the site too did not result in any correct answer and hence it seems it was a sort of failure. Nowadays Ask.com gets added up as a crapware to the Mac OS X Java Installation and this is the main headache for many users.

Excite

Launched in December 1995 this was a collection of different websites and services. Its online service offered a variety of content like it was a search engine, an internet portal (which would display news, weather forecast etc), it would serve as web based email, instant messaging service and it could also be used as a homepage by user. In 1999 Excite merged with @Home to form  Excite@Home  however this was one of the most disastrous mergers. In March 2004 Excite Network was acquired by Ask Jeeves however currently it is being operated by Mindspark and owned by IAC Search and Media. Technically Excite is still in operation as a web portal and it also offers Excite Tickets Portal and Excite Education Portal.

Prodigy

Prodigy Communications Corporation was the first consumer online service with user interface as its basic architectural design. It was similar to CompuServe, with a dial up ISP and Prodigy offered its users access to a broad range of networked services which included news, weather, shopping, bulletin boards, games, banking, stocks, travel and a variety of other features.

In 1990 it was the second largest online service provider. During 1994 to 1996 the company shifted from dial up ISP to regular ISP however it succumbed to AOL. In 2000 Prodigy became the exclusive provider to SBC s 77 million high-speed Internet customers. With the acquisition of AT&T corporation in 2006 by SBC, Prodigy was now a segment of AT&T however in 2011 Prodigy-created webpages were no longer supported by AT&T. As of March 2015 there is no content in the Prodigy site!! however in Mexico the broadband service is called Prodigy Infinitum and it is the main ISP, so we consider that Prodigy is still in operation.

After going through the history of all these famous websites must say that its just a question of time  .a website which is famous today can also become extinct in coming years and users also seem to completely forget it and just continue with popular choice like Facebook or Google, which is flourishing at that time. Maybe one day Facebook will meet a similar fate! 
2015-09-21
Yahoo's Email Scanning Falls Within The Law, Court Told PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-02-28
Silicon Valley Shuttle Drivers Vote to Join Union Photo

Bus drivers who shuttle workers from their homes to six large employers in Silicon Valley voted Friday to join the Teamsters union to negotiate better wages and working conditions.

The 158 full-time and part-time drivers involved actually work for Compass Transportation, but they transport workers to and from the offices of Apple, Yahoo, eBay, Zynga, Genentech and Amtrak. In November, the drivers of Facebook s shuttles, who work for Loop Transportation, also voted to join the Teamsters.

The tech buses have become a symbol of the San Francisco Bay Area s changing economy. More tech workers are choosing to live in urban areas like San Francisco and commute to suburban corporate campuses 30 or even 60 miles away. That has created competition for scarce housing, driving up rents and home prices.

The working conditions of the drivers   who make it possible for big tech companies to recruit employees who live far away   have become one flash point in the region s debate over the gap between highly paid technology workers and the lower-paid workers who provide crucial support services. Particularly vexing to the drivers are split shifts, in which they must navigate the hulking buses through thick Silicon Valley traffic during the morning and evening commutes, without enough time to go home or rest properly between the work stints.

 This is another step, in addition to the Facebook drivers, for the workers who support the tech industry to move forward toward decent wages, affordable health care and a pension for the future,  said Rome Aloise, secretary-treasurer of Teamsters Local 853, in a statement.

The vote to unionize was 104 to 38.

The Facebook drivers recently ratified a new contract with Loop, which awaits the approval of Facebook before going into effect. According to the union, the contract would raise the average pay of drivers to $24.50 an hour from $18 now and provide new benefits like paid vacation and health insurance. Hedge Fund Manager John Burbank's Top 5 Tech Stock Picks John Burbank s Passport Capital has not been among the winners in 2014 as his long/short equity fund inched up by only 0.9%, versus the S&P 500 s gain of 13.5%. However, the overall data across the last 14 years since the fund s inception in 2000 shows that Mr. Burbank managed to provide annual average returns of 17.5%, mainly impacted by solid returns in the early years of the fund. Mr. Burbank uses a strategy that is focused on macroeconomic analysis, but also fundamental research on a company-by-company basis. In its last 13F filing, Passport reported an equity portfolio valued at some $3.92 billion mainly invested in Basic Materials, Technology and Services stocks. In this article we will look into Mr. Burbank s top five tech picks held at the end of 2014.

In January, Passport Capital s (Stock Picks, Investor Letters) main fund gained around 9.2%, while its special situations fund jumped by 17%, according to a Bloomberg story. The gains have been generated mainly from bets against commodity prices, Mr. Burbank taking advantage of the oil plunge in November. However, the gains are still shy of Passport s impressive surge of 220% in 2007, after Mr. Burbank bet against the housing market in 2005. Moreover, in the last three years, Passport underperformed the S&P 500 by 9 percentage points.

Passport s last 13F filing showed that the fund raised its exposure towards basic materials and services stocks, but Mr. Burbank also trimmed his holdings in the largest stakes held in tech companies. In this way, in Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Passport cut its stake by 7% to some 984,200 shares, valued at $76.79 million. The position was initiated during the second quarter of 2014, when the fund disclosed ownership of 223,300 shares, the stake being consequently increased by some 370% in the following months. Meanwhile, Facebook s stock gained some 24% in the second half of 2014.

Investors seem to have mixed feelings about Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), as the latest round of 13F filings showed that the number of the funds holding the stock among investors we track went up, but the aggregate value of their stakes declined. Nevertheless, 118 funds out of 737 disclosed holding shares of Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), making the company one of the most popular among hedge funds. One of the largest shareholders of Facebook is billionaire Stephen Mandel s Lone Pine Capital, which held 13.50 million shares at the end of 2014.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is a particularly interesting case in Passport Capital s equity portfolio. Even though Mr. Burbank said during an interview at the end of October that he is bullish on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and considers the stock undervalued, the position was cut by more than 80% during the October-December period to 1.40 million shares, valued at $70.93 million. Mr. Burbank added during the interview that the company is undervalued mainly because it has not fully capitalized on its equity investments and it should find a tax-efficient way to do it. Yet Mr. Burbank reduced the stake only a couple of months before the company announced the tax-free spin-off of its equity position in Alibaba.

On the other hand, some investors saw some opportunity in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and either initiated large stakes or increased their previous holdings. For example, Christian Leone s Luxor Capital Group and Daniel S. Och s OZ Management initiated stakes in the company, reporting ownership of 9.22 million shares and 8.99 million shares respectively. 
2015-01-17
eCaring, Inc. CEO Robert M. Herzog to Be Interviewed Live on iHeart Radio ... eCaring, Inc. CEO Robert M. Herzog to Be Interviewed Live on iHeart Radio/Clear Channel Atlanta Studios - 640 WGST AM's "HealthTech Talk Live" on January 17, 2015 Click here for high-resolution version

NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Jan 17, 2015) - eCaring, Inc., a company that helps keep people out of the hospital by generating essential real time health care data from the home, announced today that Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Robert M. Herzog will be interviewed live on iHeart Radio's HealthTech Talk Live hosted by Ben Chodor and broadcasted nationwide on iHeart Radio/Clear Channel Atlanta Studios - 640 WGST AM this Saturday at 3:30pm ET.

In this exclusive double-segment interview, Mr. Herzog will discuss the company's unique cloud-based system which integrates significant behavioral, clinical and medication adherence data to manage and monitor seniors and people with chronic conditions. The system has been proven to reduce emergency room and hospital visits as well as hospital readmissions, saving $300-$500 per patient per month. Shareholders, analysts, industry professionals and all interested parties are encouraged to listen live via Clear Channel's nationally syndicated iHeart Radio stream.

Date: January 17, 2015

Start Time: 3:30pm ET | 12:30pm PT | 2:30pm CT (U.S.)

Network: iHeart Radio / Clear Channel

Station: 640 WGST AM

Show: HealthTech Talk Live

Host: Ben Chodor

iHeart Radio Live Stream: CLICK HERE

About eCaring

eCaring keeps people out of the hospital by generating essential real time health care data from the home. Our unique cloud-based system integrates significant behavioral, clinical and medication adherence data to manage and monitor seniors and people with chronic conditions. That information is filtered for care managers and providers, hospitals and health plans, generating actionable alerts that enable timely interventions which keep small problems in the home from leading to big ones in the hospital. A single platform manages all conditions, providing a unique new source of major health care data. The results are more efficient allocation of resources, improved information sharing, and reduced overall cost of care.

About CEO and Founder Robert M. Herzog

Robert is a pioneer in applying emerging technologies to unique business problems, and has worked extensively and successfully both as an entrepreneur and as senior executive with startup companies such as Motionbox, Diva, ON2 Corp, Softcom, Granite Films and City Winery, major corporations including JPMorgan Chase, Cahners Communications and the Sarnoff Research Center, and not-for-profits including New Jersey Appleseed and Ecotrust.

While working for the mayor of NYC, he was the creator and Director of New York City's Energy Office. He has also taught public school and is an author and filmmaker. He graduated from Williams College and has a Master's from the New School.

Robert's interest and involvement in home-based healthcare emerged several years ago when he was deeply involved in the home and extended care of his mother Grace. The issues both she and he encountered ensuring that she received proper treatment gave him the initial understanding of the problems eCaring was subsequently designed to solve.

About iHeart Radio/Clear Channel

Clear Channel's Media and Entertainment division has the largest reach of any radio or television outlet in America with 243 million monthly listeners. It serves 150 cities through 850 owned radio stations in the U.S., as well as more than 140 stations in New Zealand and Australia. For more Information Visit: http://www.iheart.com/live/talk-radio-640-wgst-6066/?autoplay=true&pname=15153&campid=play_bar&cid=main.html.

About HealthTech Talk Live

HealthTech Talk Live broadcasts live weekly on iHeart Radio / Clear Channel nationwide from 640 WGST AM Atlanta, 3:00pm - 4:00pm EST every Saturday. Host Ben Chodor interviews the front-page emerging health tech innovators and titans about the latest in digital health technology, human ingenuity, bio-tech medical advancements and health tech capital market trends. Learn how the experts use risk management techniques and clinical trials to build fully diversified portfolios and what it takes to put up big board earnings from making people healthier. It's a fast moving, high-energy show... shift your thinking and join us as we deliver "tomorrow's ideas today" on iHeart Radio and Clear Channel's HealthTech Talk Live. Visit iHeart Radio's HealthTech Talk Radio Show or visit www.HealthTechTalk.com.

If you're interested in being a guest on HealthTech Talk Live radio show, please contact 1800PublicRelations at support@1800pr.com "ATTN: Health Tech Talk Guest Inquiry."

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2751373

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2751376

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2751378

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2751381

 
2015-11-17
'Champions League' featuring ex-NBA players like Rasheed Wallace, Brandon Roy ... For many NBA fans, the months between the end of the NBA Finals in June and the start of the regular season in late October represent an excruciating desert through which they must wander each year, with no oasis in sight to slake their thirst for professional basketball. This coming offseason, though, will apparently feature a water fountain aimed at keeping pro-hoops-loving fans from getting parched during the long hot summer   a "competitive summer basketball league" called The Champions League with a season lasting roughly 30 games during July and August featuring "over 200 former pro players [...] including former All-Stars."

[Play Yahoo Daily Fantasy and get a 100% deposit bonus with your first deposit]

That description seems to classify The Champions League as less like international soccer's Champions League than like golf's Champions Tour for pros aged 50 and older, but that doesn't necessarily mean it'll lack appeal   or recognizable names, according to USA TODAY's Sam Amick

Sixteen teams [are slated to] begin competing in the summer of 2016, with a strong preference for players who have competed in the NBA during the last three years. According to [league chairman and CEO Carl] George, the New York team is already fully formed and includes former NBA players Al Harrington, Rasheed Wallace and Maurice Ager. Teams in Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, Miami, Orlando, Atlanta and Cleveland are up next, with the goal to employ approximately 250 players in all (170 on teams, others as player-coaches or in other roles). Each team would have two former NBA All-stars on the roster and a Hall of Famer in the front office. George said that 60 players have committed to this point, with many more  in the pipeline  while the subsequent teams are rolled out. [...]

The strategy to attract the best-of-the-rest players is simple: provide a far better payday than the NBA s Development League (top tier approximately $25,000) while offering a more-comfortable alternative to the overseas route that can certainly lead to more money but that, inevitably, requires a life-changing relocation. Or, of course, some players who didn t have worthwhile NBA summer league invites in July could play in the D-League/overseas and the Champions League as a way to, in essence, double-dip. Flexible player contracts are a selling point here, and there s this added bonus that could surely improve the competition too: Division-winning players get a $50,000 raise, and championship tournament winners   it s a March Madness style tournament setup   would earn an extra $100,000 as well.

Other former NBA players identified by George as expected to participate in The Champions League's first charity game, a Jan. 29, 2016, contest in St. Louis intended to benefit the V Foundation and Stuart Scott Memorial Cancer Research Fund, include former Portland Trail Blazers star Brandon Roy, longtime Detroit Pistons star Rip Hamilton and one-time All-Star Josh Howard. (Such charity games/marketing events will evidently be a regular staple of the league's non-summertime calendar.) Thirteen-year NBA veteran guard and National Basketball Players Association official Keyon Dooling is also slated to both play in the league and serve as a sort of recruiter.

In addition to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, Miami, Orlando, Atlanta and Cleveland, the league also plans to set up franchises in eight other NBA markets   Chicago, Minneapolis, Dallas, Houston, Detroit, Phoenix, Los Angeles and San Francisco. While charity games like the one set to serve as the league's kickoff event in January will take place in non-NBA markets, one of the major attractions for the talent base that CEO George seeks to attract is giving post-NBA vets an opportunity to revisit the places they loved during their heydays, as Dooling told Amick:

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

"Most guys will tell you that they miss the community in the locker room, the camaraderie in the locker room, they miss their favorite restaurants that they used to travel to in all these different cities, that they miss the noise of the crowd. Those are some things that even a hundred million dollars can t fill that void.

"At the end of the day, I m the one   because of who I am and what I ve been through   I m the one who hears how difficult this transition is for our players. I m privy to all that information I know that guys have not transitioned as smoothly as I have. I know the impact this (league) is going to have on my brethren. That s why I m so passionate about it, because it s a great opportunity to help one another transition, help one another heal, and you can scratch a living for yourself to be able to be comfortable as you figure out what the next step is. I think it s genius." Oxford Dictionaries Chooses an Emoji for Its 2015 'Word of the Year' In a move that leaves us all a little [Confused Face emoji], Oxford s much-celebrated annual Word of the Year award for 2015 goes to this:



Oxford s choice of the  Face with Tears of Joy  emoji marks the first time the institution has chosen a pictograph as its Word of the Year. Of course, if we get another year or two of picks that are in fact not words, there could be petitions for Oxford to change the name of the award to something more appropriate.

In a blog post defending its selection, Oxford Dictionaries explained that  [Face with Tears of Joy emoji] was chosen as the  word  that best reflected the ethos, mood, and preoccupations of 2015.  Attached research informs us that, although emojis have been around since the late 1990s, they experienced their greatest increase in usage ever in 2015;  Face with Tears of Joy  accounted for a whopping 17 percent of all emoji shared in the U.S. this year.

Among the actual words bested by the winning emoji:  sharing economy,   Dark Web,  and  ad blocker. 



Considering the growing popularity and importance of emoji in everyday communications, you can t call Oxford s proclamation any kind of  jump the shark  moment for the language as a whole. As for the venerable Word of the Year award itself, however, that may be another story. [Smirking Face emoji].

More from Yahoo Tech:

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-06-04
Four Takeaways From The NFL-Yahoo Deal The NFL announced that Yahoo Inc. won the exclusive rights to the first live-stream of a regular-season NFL game. For free over the web, the internet company will broadcast the Oct. 25 tilt between the Buffalo Bills and the Jacksonville Jaguars. Anyone in the world with a web browser, the Yahoo app on a mobile device, or a TV that is able to stream video will be able to watch the game, which will emanate from London and kick off at 9:30 a.m. ET.

Outside of the local TV markets in Buffalo and Jacksonville, the only place to be able to see the game will be through the stream Yahoo provides.

Yahoo paid an "eight-figure sum" believed to be at least $10 million for the rights, according to reporting by CNN's Brian Stelter.

Make no mistake, this is a big deal. When history looks back at this it will be an important mark on the timeline of sports broadcasting.

1. TV Networks Be Warned

There is a new player in town to battle for the rights to broadcast NFL games. Yahoo won the rights to this game, but major internet players, such as Google, Apple and Amazon, were also possibilities. A key note reported in the Yahoo deal was that the NFL turned away two internet companies because those companies wanted to stream the game as a pay-per-view broadcast, according to Peter King of MMQB.com.

The league is locked into the traditional way we have come to watch football until 2022. CBS, NBC, and FOX pay about $3 billion a year to broadcast games. ESPN, which airs Monday Night Football and a wildcard playoff game, pays about $1.9 billion annually. It is a high price to pay, but NFL games provide locked-in audiences for live programming. Advertisers crave this DVR-proof crowd and the games also provide networks plenty of opportunity to promote in-house content, drawing viewers to other shows on the channel.

With 2022 on the horizon, TV networks have to ready themselves for competition from internet companies that will have enough time to prepare a bid and perhaps offer some technologically innovative way to air the games.

2. This Is A Test Run, Not An Experiment

There has been reporting calling this live-stream an experiment. It is not. This is a test run for the future. If the system fails, if there are glitches in the stream, this is the game that will allow the NFL, Yahoo, and other potential internet broadcast partners the opportunity to make adjustments and to create flawless broadcasts in the future. Be forewarned, any critic calling this a dud on Oct. 26 should be taken as seriously as those who panned that little music device Apple launched in 2001.

3. Increasing An International Footprint

Football is an American game and despite concerted efforts by the NFL it hasn't quite caught on across the globe. The League wants a true international footprint. That is clear in the commitment to play multiple annual games in London. It can also be seen elsewhere, such as the China American Football League. This Yahoo live stream will be available during prime viewing hours in Asia, giving a solid baseline test to gauge and grow interest.

4. The NFL Stays Ahead

The NFL has long been America's most widely viewed sport. Its prime on-air day is Sunday, the day most people are home from work. It has the shortest season among the major professional sports, but about 15 years ago the NFL calendar began to draw more and more attention. The Draft had been a solid offseason event, but offseason attention expanded to intense coverage of the Combine, free agency, OTAs, and training camp. There was a time when when Monday Night Football halftime highlights were your best shot to see other players and teams from around the league. Now, you can pay extra to see every game. Or, if you pay nothing at all, you can watch three games on Sunday, one on Monday, and one on Thursday. You can see nearly a third of the entire league play in a five-day stretch. This early morning Eastern time zone slot for Yahoo's stream from London adds yet another opportunity for people to watch the NFL.

Also on Forbes:

Jerry Barca is the author of Big Blue Wrecking Crew: Smashmouth Football, A Little Bit of Crazy and the '86 Super Bowl Champion New York Giants. Highlights Of The Class Cert. Ruling In Yahoo Privacy Case Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Yahoo to shut down Maps, some other services A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

Yahoo Inc said it was shutting down a few of its services, including Yahoo Maps, as it realigns itself to focus on search and digital content.

Maps.yahoo.com will shut down by the end of this month, Amotz Maimon, Yahoo's chief architect, said in a blog post, as the service faces intense competition from Google Inc's Maps service.

Yahoo's search and other services including photo-sharing website Flickr will still support Yahoo Maps, Maimon said.

These steps follow efforts by Chief Executive Marissa Mayer to revive meaningful revenue growth with a string of acquisitions and product revamps.

Mayer has been under pressure to make quicker progress in strengthening the company's media and advertising business.

Yahoo is scaling back mail support on the built-in Mail app for older versions of Apple Inc's iPhone operating system, Maimon said on Thursday. (bit.ly/1AQlViA)

Yahoo said the Philippines homepage would be shuttered. It will also close Yahoo Music services in France and Canada and Yahoo Movies in Spain.

Media services such as Yahoo TV and Yahoo Autos will be stopped in the UK, France, Germany, Spain and Italy at the end of June.

(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Battling flu, Serena Williams advances to French Open final Serena Williams looked lethargic on Thursday, dropping the first set of her semifinal match against No. 23 Timea Bacsinszky of Switzerland. Williams leaned heavily on her racket as Bacsinszky and the chair umpire discussed a call. She coughed incessantly, looking as though she was about to throw up during a second-set changeover.

Then, seemingly out of nowhere, she came alive.

And as so many opponents have learned before, once Serena Williams comes alive, there is no stopping her. Williams prevailed with a 4-6, 6-3, 6-0 win to advance to her third French Open final. She's taken the title in each of her previous final appearances in Paris.

The first set went quickly Thursday, Bacsinszky scoring the only break as she took the set 6-4.

At 2-2 in the second set, Williams held off five break points before succumbing. It looked like Bacsinszky had control of the match. They took their seats for the changeover, Williams coughing forcefully into a towel.

And here is Serena Williams being sick and half-throwing up, tho it goes into the towel pic.twitter.com/pKgq9jiamW   Andrew Jerell Jones (@sluggahjells) June 4, 2015

The announcers wondered why she wasn't calling for a trainer. They talked about how little professional tennis players can do to battle a common cold   anti-doping rules prohibit players from taking most medications. They can basically just drink tea and honey and hope for the best.

"I really thought I was going to lose... I really don't feel like playing the third set I'm so tired," Williams would later say. "I thought: if I m going to lose, I might as well go for winners."

Serena Williams of the U.S. cools off with a towel in her semifinal match of the French Open tennis tournament against Timea Bacsinszky of Switzerland at the Roland Garros stadium, in Paris, France, Thursday, June 4, 2015. (AP Photo/Francois Mori) More

Whatever Williams coughed up during that short break, it changed everything. She came back out and broke Bacsinszky to even the set at 3-all.

She hit two powerful aces to close out the next game, and suddenly the 19-time Grand Slam champion was back on top, leading 4-3. A dominant overhand slam sealed the eighth game and the 5-3 set lead. It seemed the only medicine Williams needed was to hit a few winners. Her entire demeanor changed. She even started to look a bit energetic. Holding serve, she took the second set 6-3.

Trailing 1-0 in the third set, Bacsinszky took Williams to 40-15, earning a double break point and the chance to claw her way back into the match. But Williams wasn't having it, holding serve for the 2-0 lead. She quickly closed out the win, 4-6, 6-3, 6-0.

As soon as the match ended, any bursts of energy she had shown quickly disappeared. She looked completely exhausted.

"I don t think I ve ever been this sick," she said in her on-court TV interview. "I didn t expect to win that, and I can t believe I won."

Before this fortnight, Williams had not played back-to-back-to-back three setters in a Grand Slam since she was 17. To see her play four in a single tournament is almost unfathomable. But clay courts have never been her strong suit. She has won each of the other three Grand Slams at least five times. In Paris, she's only been to the semifinals three times before. This tournament, of any, is her nemisis.

After claiming the Australian Open title earlier this year, Williams now has a chance to be the first woman to win the first two slams in the same year since Jennifer Capriati did so in 2001. The last man or woman to complete the calendar-year Grand Slam   winning all four   was Steffi Graf in 1988.

Read More Apple and Music: A History Apple s Worldwide Developers Conference is next week, and the big rumor holds that Apple will announce a Spotify-like music-streaming service, building on its recent $3 billion purchase of Beats.

And why not? Not only is iTunes long overdue for a replacement, Apple also has a long, and mostly successful, history with music apps and hardware.

To prove it, we ve created this video compilation of all of Apple s most important music-related announcements of the past 15 years. From the rousing introduction of iTunes to the thud of Ping, hip, hop, or rock your way to the play button above to follow along.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-03-26
Yahoo adds $2 billion to its share buyback program Yahoo has just added $2 billion to its share buyback program, an SEC filling revealed on Thursday.

Today's announcement will be an extension of the $5 billion share buyback program Yahoo started in 2013.

Share buybacks are a common tactic large companies employ to boost their share price. The company buys back shares sold on the market, reducing the total number of shares available, thus boosting each outstanding share's price.

A big part of Yahoo's value has been tied up to its ownership in Alibaba shares, the giant Chinese e-commerce site that had the largest IPO in the US last year. Following the IPO, Yahoo sold $9.4 billion worth of Alibaba stock, retaining 15% of the Chinese company's overall shares.

But in January, Yahoo announced plans to spin off that remaining 15%. That means that Yahoo will soon be valued only on its core business, which has been flat or down for years.

The new buyback program, which will add some value to its shares, could be a good way to temporarily mitigate any type of concerns the shareholders might have.

In the filing, Yahoo stated:

The Board of Directors of Yahoo! Inc. (the  Company ) approved an additional share repurchase program of $2.0 billion (the  New Repurchase Program ) which will expire on March 31, 2018. The amount of shares of common stock authorized to be repurchased under the New Repurchase Program is in addition to the amount remaining under the Company s existing stock repurchase program (the  Existing Repurchase Program ) announced in November 2013, which expires in December 2016." Dowd anticipating future at Rutgers Rutgers has reached into the surplus of recruits at Milford Academy in New Berlin, N.Y. once again and will welcome in another prep school player as part of its incoming class of 2015.

Conor Dowd joins the pipeline of Milford Academy players to move onto Rutgers. The 5-foot-11, 215-pound Dowd mentioned how that came to be.

"They had me out for the Indiana game last season. I absolutely loved it. I met coach [Joe] Rossi. He met my dad and my brother. I really liked the atmosphere. Then, fast forward to December, I kept in contact all the way through until signing day. I visited right before signing day and I just loved what they have to offer."

Dowd is being brought in to play fullback, but has experience at other positions on the offensive side of the football.

"I played in the slot last year at Milford. In high school, I was a tailback," Dowd said. "Rutgers wants me to gain weight. At first, I was a little wary about playing fullback. But went down there and talked to Michael Burton. He told me how they like athletic guys who can catch at fullback. So I feel like I fit that role a little bit better."

After last season at Milford, Dowd had his share of recruiting attention.

"It was pretty much all over the place. I went down to Stetson, looked at a couple of JuCos in California," Dowd explained. "I also looked at Wagner and Central Connecticut. There were some partial scholarships and some full, but I really wanted to go to a 1a. Rutgers just felt like it fit. I couldn't pass up that opportunity."

In high school, Dowd also had some interest from division 1 programs.

"I was recruited a little bit by 1a schools. [Paul] Pasqualoni was recruiting me a lot out of UConn," Dowd said. "When he got fired, everything kind of went downhill. I thought UConn was going to be where I ended up."

Currently, Dowd is back home in Connecticut waiting for his future at Rutgers to begin.

"I am working a lot. I think that kind of gives me an edge," Dowd said. "I have already lived on my own up at Milford. I already played pretty much division 1 teams up at Milford. I also work a full-time job now as an electrician's assistant."

Dowd now needs to wait just three more months before his college football life begins as he is set to arrive in Piscataway this June.

"I have been seeing all my friends enjoying their freshman year. Waiting is tough, but I am just training and also working 60 hours a week. Everyone else is having fun, but hopefully all my hard work will pay off in the long run." 
2015-03-07
Man Jailed for Allegedly Harassing Yahoo Chief Marissa Mayer   Thomson Reuters 2015

A man previously convicted of harassing Yahoo Inc's Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer has been arrested by Austin police on suspicion of sending her sexually graphic emails, according to police records released on Friday.Gregory Calvin King, 30, was booked on Thursday into the Travis County Jail with bond set at $100,000. No lawyer was listed for him, according to online records.He was charged with stalking, a second-degree felony that can carry a punishment of two to 20 years in jail.King was sentenced in a California court in 2012 to three years probation for harassing Mayer. His probation was revoked after he was found to have violated its provisions and in 2014 King was ordered to be sent to a federal prison, according to court records.After his release in February, King sent more than 60 messages to Mayer from several locations in the Texas capital, including "unwanted and sexually graphic emails," a police arrest affidavit said.King had also been under surveillance by security personnel for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo since he entered Austin, it said. 
2015-08-21
Why Did Google Create Alphabet? Recent Events in the Internet World PART 5 OF 10

Why Did Google Create Alphabet?

Why the new structure?

As discussed in the previous part of this series, Google (GOOG) recently announced the creation of its parent company, Alphabet. The main objective of Alphabet is to streamline its varied businesses and focus on opportunities for new initiatives under the Google brand. With the new structure in place, Alphabet will focus on Google s core businesses its search engine and advertising.

Interested in XLK? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on XLK Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

The new businesses include self-driving cars, the drone arm, Nest, Google Ventures, and Calico. They will operate under Google. Google Ventures is Google s venture and capital division, and Calico is Google s research and development entity.

Google s core business: searches and ads

Although Google (GOOG) is diversifying its business with offerings such as self-driving cars and shopping features on YouTube, its core businesses remain searches and advertising. Online advertising contributed 89% 90% of Google s total revenues for the past five quarters. According to a survey conducted by Adobe, Google s search advertising business has flatlined quarter-over-quarter.

Growth in Google s search revenue dropped in 1Q15 due to the holiday season. The holiday season, or the quarter ending in December, is the most lucrative quarter for businesses. In 2Q14, Google s quarter-over-quarter growth for search revenue was 4.5%. It declined by 2% in 2Q15.

The reason for Google s search advertising business flatlining is the shift in marketers  spending on mobile and other digital advertising platforms. Advertising rates on mobile devices are much lower, partly due to the smaller screen sizes of mobile devices.

Google still dominates the search engine market

In terms of consumer choice for a search engine on desktop computers, Google s position remains unaffected. According to comScore, AOL (AOL) accounts for 1.2% of searches on desktop computers. Microsoft (MSFT) handles around 20% of searches, and Yahoo! (YHOO) accounts for 12.7%. Google dominates with a market share of 64.1%.

For diversified exposure to Google, you can invest in the Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK). XLK invests 3.8% of its holdings in Google. Redskins player on RG3: 'How do you keep sending him out there?' After watching Robert Griffin III get beat up Thursday night, the Twitter debate raged on: Should the Washington Redskins have even sent him out there for the fourth series?

That's, of course, the series on which Griffin got hurt, suffering a concussion. The first three series, Griffin was hit five times and sacked twice. Left tackle Trent Williams wasn't playing, first-round pick Brandon Scherff was getting worked over and the entire O-line was just a hot mess.

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!]

On the one hand, the Redskins' offense clearly needs the work. On the other, do you really want your starting QB getting slaughtered out there?

Twitter raged on it. Redskins head coach Jay Gruden defended the process. I decided to reach out to a player Friday morning to find out his thoughts.

He obviously didn't want to reveal his identity; he's in an awkward situation in a fractious locker room. But he did feel strongly about what happened Thursday night against the Detroit Lions.

"How do you keep sending him out there?" the player said.

It's a fair question given what we saw. But again, how do you get better without game work with the first offense?

"With Trent not out there, with the other guys struggling, you pull [RG3] there," he said. "No question."

It's one opinion. It might not be right. But it's a strong take on what remains the ever-touchy situation with Griffin, the Redskins and Gruden.

Grandstanding: A Yahoo Sports podcast

Subscribe via iTunes or via RSS feed



- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm NHL forces marijuana company to change stock listing, is a bummer As you know, the National Hockey League is very protective of its trademarks, lest anyone think lesser about their Toronto Maple Leafs dog toy tosser.

So the last thing the NHL would want is to be associated with something as destructive and nefarious   according to the cinematic classic  Reefer Madness    as marijuana. (Although 'drinking tubes" that looked like bongs were OK for a while.)

And they certainly wouldn t want its loyal fans to invest in something labeled  NHL  and find out they re actually helping to fund a company that produces grandpa s magic eye medicine.

Nutritional High International, Inc. is a company dedicated to  developing, acquiring and designing products and brands in the marijuana-infused edible products and oil extracts sectors for medical and adult recreational use.  It only operates in the U.S., in those states that have legalized products like OG Kush and Pineapple Express.

But its stock does trade on the Canadian Securities Exchange, having offered its IPO on back in March   under the symbol  NHL. 

Perhaps they expected Gary Bettman to be mellow about it. However, it appears he wanted the name to go up in smoke  

The company announced that it s changing its Canadian stock symbol to  EAT  after a demand from the NHL.

Their CEO, David Posner, evoked some NHL history to rationalize the decision:

"We're honored to follow in the footsteps of the Nordiques, who were also asked to change their name upon their move from Canada to Colorado. The Avalanche won the Stanley Cup that year, so we figured why fight a winning formula? While we don't believe anyone would confuse our respective products, we decided to make the symbol change to avoid possible legal costs, despite being on solid legal ground."

Wait   so this won t be the new Colorado Avalanche logo?!

Glad that s cleared up. We d hate to see people invest their money in something that promotes things that society generally frowns upon. You know, like fighting or brain injuries.

If you re curious, Nutritional High International s U.S. stock symbol is  SPLIF.  Because of course it is.

MORE FROM YAHOO SPORTS Samsung to iPhone Owners: Try Our Galaxy Phones   for 'Free!' Samsung really wants iPhone fans to drop their Apple handsets in favor of Galaxy smartphones.

But how can the company convince Apple loyalists to give its phones a try? By letting those iPhoners use a Samsung handset for a month   for free. Of course, you still have to pay a $1 processing fee. So, I guess it s practically free.

Samsung s new Ultimate Test Drive program does just what its name implies: iPhone owners can try out Samsung s Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge+, or Galaxy Note5 for 30 days; the $1 fee covers the cost of shipping. Along with the handset, Samsung will throw in a free data plan from the carrier of your choice.

Update: Samsung says that it has already sold out of Ultimate Test Drive kits, but is working to make more available.



 The response to Samsung s Ultimate Test Drive has been overwhelming and exceeded our expectations,  said a Samsung spokesperson.

 We are excited to see how many people are eager to try something new. In just a few hours, all of the kits earmarked for this program were reserved by customers looking to try our latest and greatest devices. We re now working quickly on how to make the Ultimate Test Drive available to even more people. 



The offer could be a shrewd one. Samsung is battling Apple for sales, even as the smartphone market slows down, so every convert counts.

At the same time, though, it feels a bit desperate: It sounds like something you d hear on a late-night infomercial. I m half expecting the company to throw in a free knife set with each order.

Nonetheless, if all goes according to plan, Samsung will poach a slew of new customers from its biggest competitor   and, knives or no, that should put a smile on some faces at Samsung HQ.

Updated: Samsung sent us a follow-up message late last night, explaining that customers will be charged a $1 processing fee when they sign up for the Test Drive program.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-01-30
Yahoo for iOS updated with new look and interactive content Yahoo has just updated its main news and lifestyle app for iOS with notable enhancements that make content the focus of attention.

In June last year, Yahoo for iOS was updated to version 5.0 with universal support for iPad and the addition of digital magazines, which are media-enhanced publications that combine original articles from Yahoo and posts licensed from other sites.

Now, Yahoo for iOS has been updated to version 6.0 with with a new look on iPhone that not only adds vim and vigor to the app, but also makes content from Yahoo s 10 digital magazines interactive.

Know those swipeable comparison images and polls often embedded on sites like BuzzFeed? Well, the Yahoo app now has them too for each magazine category, enabling you to do the following and more:

Vote  who wore it best  on Yahoo Style, then find out what Editor-in-Chief Joe Zee thinks about the most glamorous red carpet looks.

Swipe to see Johnny Depp s character transformations on Yahoo Movies, then read reviews and analysis curated by Executive Editor Josh Wolk.

See  before and after  shots of the  Cake of the Day  recipe on Yahoo Food, with the trendiest food crazes curated by Editor-in-Chief Kerry Diamond.

The latest update to the app also adds content from Yahoo Weather and Yahoo News Digest to the All Stories and News sections, thereby letting you be quickly in the know of the latest information about weather conditions and hot topics.

These new features are available now in the U.S. for iPhone users of Yahoo for iOS, which is free to download from the App Store.

The app s latest update works in making it more interactive, interesting, and engaging so that users won t have to seek alternative apps such as Flipboard, Facebook s Paper, and Google News and Weather.

The app was previously updated last month with local news, support for article comments, and a new side-swipe navigation structure.

Earlier this month, Yahoo updated Yahoo Mail for iOS with package notifications and additional personalization options, and Tumblr for iOS with 1Password integration, new notification types, and other improvements.

See also: Scanbot now lets you set reminders, log in with 1Password and scan all you can, SoundCloud wants you to listen up on iPad as well as on iPhone, and Easily workout and rock out with RunKeeper s new Spotify integration. 
2015-05-19
Yahoo Sticks to Spinoff Plan as IRS Triggers Share Slump Yahoo! Inc. is pushing ahead with plans to spin off its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. after comments by the IRS triggered a share slump amid concerns the deal could hit a snag.

Potential IRS changes to the tax-free treatment of spinoffs shouldn t affect previously filed requests, the Web portal said in an e-mailed statement. Yahoo has already lodged its plan and is still working toward undertaking the transaction in the fourth quarter, it said.

The stock fell 7.6 percent Tuesday on concerns that Internal Revenue Service changes would affect efforts to exit from Alibaba. The shares recovered somewhat on Wednesday. Any obstacle to the spinoff would erode the appeal for shareholders who bought Yahoo betting they essentially would get a tax-free payout when the deal closes.

The spinoff is a critical step for Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer after coming under pressure from Starboard Value LP and other investors to return cash to shareholders, find ways to cut taxes and avoid major acquisitions. The company s Asian assets, including a stake in Yahoo Japan Corp., have supported Yahoo s value, giving Mayer cover as she works to turn around the Sunnyvale, California-based company.

Yahoo unveiled the plan in January as it seeks to maximize the return of cash to shareholders. The potential change would affect IRS rules for spinoffs by creating new U.S. guidelines that might require a minimum size for active businesses inside the spun-off company.

Potential Changes

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Isaac Zimbalist, senior technician reviewer at the IRS Office of Associate Chief Counsel (Corporate), said on Tuesday that the agency is considering changes to rules concerning spinoffs. The IRS will hold off on requests for rulings that are received starting Tuesday as the issue is studied, he said at a D.C. Bar Association event. Requests already received will move forward, but that is subject to change. It wasn t clear what would happen to requests, such as Yahoo s, that are already in the pipeline.

 The issue comes down to whether we ve dropped a hot-dog stand or a lemonade stand into a business that is primarily publicly traded stocks, cash and other wonderful things that I call appreciated property,  Zimbalist said.

Yahoo s plan is to put its Alibaba holding into a new company that will own all of its 384 million shares in the Chinese company as well as an online service for setting up and running small enterprises.

The Alibaba stake was valued at nearly $40 billion when the spinoff was announced. Shares in the new company would be distributed to existing Yahoo shareholders.

Shares Slump

Yahoo shares closed at $40.98 on Tuesday, their lowest level since October. The stock rose 3.4 percent to $42.37 at 9:34 a.m. Wednesday in New York.

Earlier Tuesday, Mayer said efforts to complete the spinoff are on track.  It s a surprising amount of work, she said at an investor conference.

Representatives of Alibaba and SoftBank Corp., its biggest shareholder, declined to comment.

The U.S. tax code doesn t focus on the size of the active business inside a spinoff, Robert Willens, a New York-based tax consultant, said in a note to clients on Tuesday. At worst for Yahoo, he wrote, the IRS is changing its position on so-called private-letter rulings, the guidance it provides for deals that are in the works, but the law won t change.

 While Yahoo has been mum regarding what its ruling request addressed,  Willens wrote,  the feeling is that one of the issues it sought guidance on was the very issue the service is now rethinking.  Yahoo CIO leaves less than a year after joining the company  Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer Talks Strategy, Katie Couric Hire  2015 NBA draft lottery primer: 5 things to know about this year's lottery The 2015 NBA draft lottery takes place in New York City on Tuesday, locking in the order of selections for the first round of the June 25 NBA draft. Let's get up to speed for this year's drawing with the relevant facts, figures and frozen envelopes fun related to the NBA's annual ping-pong-a-palooza.

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

1. When is the lottery?

The 2015 NBA draft lottery will air on ESPN at 8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, before Game 1 of the Western Conference finals between the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets. Again: Before the game, not at halftime.

1a. Yeah, but when is it really?

ESPN's coverage will start at "approximately 8:05 p.m. ET." The unveiling of the order of the draft's top 14 picks doesn't kick off until about 8:30 p.m. ET.

The actual drawing of the ping-pong balls happens earlier. We'll explain that in a bit.

2. Which team has the best chance of landing the No. 1 overall pick?

The NBA employs a weighted lottery system, meaning the team with the worst record has the best odds of receiving the top pick. This year, that's the Minnesota Timberwolves, who finished a league-worst 16-66, three games worse than our preseason prediction.

(It's also one game worse than the 17-65 New York Knicks, who went 3-3 over the last 10 days of the season after going 14-62 over the previous 158 days, and did inexplicable stuff like beating the San Antonio Spurs and Atlanta Hawks down the stretch to reduce their odds of picking first. Of course they did.)

Flip Saunders' first season back on the Minnesota bench featured more misery than magic. Ricky Rubio, Kevin Martin and Nikola Pekovic combined to miss 154 games due to injury, limiting the Wolves' preferred starting lineup   that trio plus Thaddeus Young, acquired in a trade with the Philadelphia 76ers, and 2014 No. 1 pick Andrew Wiggins, picked up from the Cleveland Cavaliers in exchange for star Kevin Love   to just 125 total minutes this season.

The Wolves also lost forward Shabazz Muhammad, who'd improved as a post-up wing and rim attacker in his second campaign, to season-ending finger surgery, removing another useful piece from the mix. At one point, Minnesota so desperately needed healthy bodies that it used an injury exemption to call guard Sean Kilpatrick up from the D-League because he was literally within driving distance of that night's game.

There weren't many bright spots for the Wolves in an injury-plagued season that saw them finish dead last in the league in defensive efficiency and 26th among 30 NBA teams on the offensive end. But there were some.

Wiggins led all rookies in minutes and scoring en route to the Rookie of the Year award and a spot on the All-Rookie First Team. Fellow rookie Zach LaVine showed flashes of shot-making and breathtaking athleticism, most notably during his jaw-dropping performance in the Sprite Slam Dunk Contest. After a half-season that didn't go as planned, Saunders flipped Young to the Brooklyn Nets for Kevin Garnett, a sentimental favorite of a deal that got fans pretty excited for a little while before injury and illness prompted KG to pack it in after just five games.

With Wiggins and LaVine trending up, the prospect of healthier runs for Rubio, Martin and Pekovic, the chance that Garnett returns to lead the pack, and the possibility of continued development from Muhammad, Gorgui Dieng, Adreian Payne and Anthony Bennett, there are some intriguing ingredients in Minnesota's mix. Could a second straight No. 1 overall pick, this time granted by the lottery rather than LeBron, help Saunders complete a winning recipe?

Read More

Here are the odds that each team in the 2015 lottery has of coming away with the No. 1 pick:

1. Minnesota Timberwolves (16-66): 25 percent

2. New York Knicks (17-65): 19.9 percent

3. Philadelphia 76ers (18-64): 15.6 percent

4. Los Angeles Lakers* (21-61): 11.9 percent

5. Orlando Magic (25-57): 8.8 percent

6. Sacramento Kings (29-53): 6.3 percent

7. Denver Nuggets (30-52): 4.3 percent

8. Detroit Pistons (32-50): 2.8 percent

9. Charlotte Hornets (33-49): 1.7 percent

10. Miami Heat** (37-45): 1.1 percent

11. Indiana Pacers (38-44): 0.8 percent

12. Utah Jazz (38-44): 0.7 percent

13. Phoenix Suns (39-43): 0.6 percent

14. Oklahoma City Thunder (45-37): 0.5 percent

View photos The 76ers' Sam Hinkie, seen here watching D'Angelo Russell, could land three of the top 11 picks. (AP/Mel Evans) More

* If the Lakers fall out of the top five, this pick will go to the 76ers, thanks to a pair of trades   the 2012 deal that sent Steve Nash from Phoenix to Los Angeles, and the three-way 2015 dance that shipped Michael Carter-Williams to the Milwaukee Bucks, Brandon Knight to the Suns, and that top-five-protected '15 selection to Philadelphia.

If the Lakers stay in the top five, they'll hang onto this year's pick, and Philly will get a chance at next year's L.A. first-rounder, protected for only the top three slots.

** If the Heat fall out of the top 10, this pick, too, will go to the 76ers, thanks to a pair of trades   the 2010 sign-and-trade that sent LeBron James from Cleveland to Miami, and the eventual three-team deal that saw Love go to Cleveland; Wiggins, Young, Bennett and a $4 million trade exception go to Minnesota; and Luc Richard Mbah a Moute, Alexey Shved and the Heat's top-10-protected '15 first-rounder go to Philadelphia.

If the Heat stay in the top 10, they'll hang onto this year's pick, and Philly will get a chance at next year's Miami first-rounder, once again protected for the top 10 spots.

If you're scoring at home, this means there's a chance that the Sixers could come out of Tuesday's lottery with the first, sixth and 11th picks in the 2015 draft.

It's not a good chance   the odds of Philly's best-case scenario unfolding sit at just 0.28 percent, according to Eliot Shorr-Parks of NJ.com. But on a night where hope springs eternal, the 76ers and their fans are daring to dream.

3. Who's in the running for the No. 1 spot?

Each club's draft board differs, but there are a handful of players whom most analysts, mock drafters and observers expect to draw most interest with the top overall pick:

View photos Karl-Anthony Towns could hear his name called first on June 25. (Andy Lyons/Getty Images) More

  Karl-Anthony Towns, power forward/center, Kentucky, age 19: The 6-foot-11, 250-pound big man out of Piscataway, N.J., profiles as a glass-controlling rebounder and shot-altering rim protector on the interior, a mobile enough defender to stall pick-and-rolls on the perimeter, a capable finisher around the rim, and a reliable enough shooter to step out on the floor and work in the face-up game away from the basket. In short: just about everything you'd want in a big man in the modern NBA.

As good as he was for John Calipari in Lexington, averaging nearly 20 points, 13 rebounds and 4.5 blocks per 40 minutes of floor time en route to winning SEC Freshman of the Year and selections to both the conference's first team and the All-American Second Team, you got the sense that Towns had barely scratched the surface of what he could become. Talent evaluators believe he has the tools to become an elite two-way frontcourt player, which tends to get your name called very early on draft night.

  Jahlil Okafor, center, Duke, age 19: The Chicago product combines prototypical size for an NBA big man   a 6-foot-11, 270-pound frame, plus a 7-foot-5 wingspan and huge hands   with advanced offensive skills, particularly as a back-to-the-basket scorer in the low post and as a passer out of the block.

There haven't been many college bigs in recent years who have possessed Okafor's combination of polished post moves, well-honed footwork, sheer strength, playmaking savvy and basketball IQ. He displayed them early and often last season, scooping up a score of individual awards   USBWA National Freshman of the Year, ACC Player of the Year and a consensus First-Team All-American nod, to name a few   on the way to a national championship in his lone year in Durham.

View photos Will concerns about Jahlil Okafor's defensive work cost him the top spot? (AP/David J. Phillip) More

While Okafor's refined offensive game has drawn comparisons to Charlotte Hornets left-block landlord Al Jefferson, so has his defensive work ... and that's not such a great thing. As nimble and quick as he can look with the ball, Okafor struggled when drawn out of the paint defensively, seeming out of his element when tracking opponents on the perimeter and vulnerable against guards in the pick-and-roll or on switches. He's also not considered an exceptional rim protector, which could make him a tricky fit against NBA offenses skilled at creating opportunities on the interior and exploiting mismatches.

Will those limitations give teams at the top of the draft pause? Or will a club desperate for an offensive centerpiece capable of facilitating offense from the block   Phil Jackson's triangle-offense-focused Knicks, for example   decide that his rare offensive gifts outweigh the defensive deficiencies?

  D'Angelo Russell, guard, Ohio State, age 19: The big, bold, rangy lefty from Louisville has drawn comparisons to Manu Ginobili and James Harden for combining the court vision to see passes others don't, the daring to make them when others wouldn't and the skill to complete them when others couldn't.

Russell also proved to be a versatile scoring threat both on and off the ball for Thad Matta's Buckeyes, averaging 19.3 points in 33.9 minutes per game during his lone season in Columbus. He shot a shade under 45 percent from the field and a tick over 41 percent from the college 3-point line on nearly eight long-range attempts per 40 minutes of floor time, doing damage when firing jumpers both off the dribble and as a spot-up shooter.

Questions persist about whether Russell's got the defensive instincts to make the most out of his 6-foot-9-3/4-inch wingspan, and whether some of the tendencies that resulted in flashy finishes in college will produce stalled possessions or turnovers at the next level. But for teams needing a ball-handler and playmaker with the size and skill to create shots for himself and others, the first-team All-Big Ten and All-American selection could be just what the doctor ordered.

View photos Emmanuel Mudiay can get to the basket. (Sam Forencich/NBAE/Getty Images) More

  Emmanuel Mudiay, guard, China, age 19: The 6-foot-5, 200-pound Mudiay was born in Kinshasa, Zaire, in 1996, shortly before the beginning of years-long civil wars and political turmoil that eventually resulted in both the formation of the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Mudiay's family seeking asylum in Texas. He was considered the top prep guard prospect in the recruiting class of 2014, an explosive athlete whose size, athleticism and skill at getting to the basket evoked comparisons to Derrick Rose, John Wall and Tyreke Evans.

Mudiay committed to play for Hall of Fame coach Larry Brown at Southern Methodist University before electing instead to hire an agent and begin his professional career overseas. (Whether staying at SMU was really an option for him remains a subject of debate.) He signed a one-year, $1.2 million deal with the Guangdong Southern Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association, the richest international deal ever signed by an American high school player, and an endorsement deal with Under Armour.

He performed well in 10 games in China before suffering an ankle sprain that sidelined him, bumped him back behind fellow U.S. import Will Bynum on the depth chart, and left him inactive for more than three months. He was pulled out of mothballs with his team down 2-0 to Stephon Marbury's Beijing Ducks in the CBA's semifinals ... and responded with 24 points, eight rebounds and four assists to help Guangdong extend the series. He followed that performance up with 15 points, eight assists and seven rebounds in a team-high 44 minutes of work in a series-ending Game 4 loss to the eventual champion Ducks.

That probably wasn't quite how Mudiay envisioned things unfolding when he headed overseas. But after averaging 18 points, 6.3 rebounds and 5.9 assists per game in 12 CBA appearances, he thinks the experience of "playing against 30-year-old men that are trying to feed their family" while learning how to deal with pro physicality, hectic travel, a condensed schedule, injury rehab and staying ready to perform despite months of inactivity has put him ahead of the learning curve. We'll see if the team picking first agrees.

  Justise Winslow, forward, Duke, age 19: The versatile Houston native   whose father, Rickie Winslow, had a cup of coffee with the Bucks back in 1987   at times outshone more highly touted Duke teammates Okafor and Tyus Jones during the Blue Devils' run to the national title.

View photos Justise Winslow (left) is an excitable, energetic sort. (Andy Lyons/Getty Images) More

Winslow showcased a stat-sheet-stuffing two-way game for Mike Krzyzewski, averaging 12.6 points per game on 48.6 percent shooting from the floor and 41.8 percent from 3-point land to go with 6.5 rebounds, 2.1 assists and 2.2 combined blocks and steals in 29.1 minutes per game. He guarded multiple positions, seeing time at both wing spots and playing well as a small-ball power forward.

He used his quickness, toughness, athleticism and relentless motor to punish opponents by slashing to the basket, pounding the glass and clamping down on opposing scorers. He's the kind of player who can make a team better on both ends of the floor. But is his offensive ceiling high enough to justify the top pick?

Other names of interest at or near the top of the draft board include ace Kentucky defender Willie "Trill" Cauley-Stein, Croatian swingman Mario Hezonja, Latvian big man Kristaps Porzingis and Arizona small forward Stanley Johnson.

4. So, what does the lottery actually do?

The 14 teams in the running for picks 1 through 14 all get called "lottery teams," but that's not really true. The lottery only really locks in the top three picks. Picks No. 4 through 14 are determined by inverse order of the teams' regular-season records; teams with worse records get higher picks.

As detailed earlier, all 14 teams have at least some chance of moving up into the top three. If one of the lower-likelihood teams rises up, one of the three-worst-record teams gets bumped out to No. 4. This happens pretty often.

View photos Dr. J, representing the 76ers, chats with Mallory Edens of the Bucks during the 2014 Lottery. (Jesse D. Garrabrant/NBAE/Getty) More

In fact, there's been some type of leap in every lottery since 1996. That year, the teams with the three worst records in the NBA   the Vancouver Grizzlies, Philadelphia 76ers and Toronto Raptors   wound up with the top three picks. Philly took Allen Iverson first, the Raptors snagged Marcus Camby second, and the Grizzlies selected Shareef Abdur-Rahim third.

In each of the last 18 lotteries, a friendly bounce of the ping-pong balls has propelled some lower-rung team into the top three. In 10 of those 18, said bounce has given a team an outside-looking-in team the No. 1 pick   2000 (New Jersey Nets, Kenyon Martin); 2002 (Houston Rockets, Yao Ming); 2005 (Milwaukee Bucks, Andrew Bogut); 2006 (Toronto Raptors, Andrea Bargnani); 2007 (Portland Trail Blazers, Greg Oden); 2008 (Chicago Bulls, Rose); 2010 (Washington Wizards, Wall); 2011 (Cleveland Cavaliers, Kyrie Irving); 2012 (New Orleans Hornets, Anthony Davis); and 2014 (Cleveland, Wiggins).

Conversely, the team that entered the lottery with the best odds of picking No. 1 has done so only three times in the last 21 years: Philly in 1996, picking Iverson; Cleveland in 2003, landing LeBron; and Orlando in 2004, selecting Dwight Howard. (Sorry about that, Wolves fans.)

The actual lottery drawing to determine those top three spots takes place before the TV broadcast. As has been covered before, each team in the running for the top pick gets assigned a collection of four-number sequences. Each number in the sequence corresponds to a number on a ping-pong ball, labeled 1 through 14.

The ping-pong balls all go into an air-powered machine   think the "Grab That Dough" episode of "The Golden Girls"   that tumbles them around for 20 seconds before spitting out the first ball. Another ball gets taken out every 10 seconds until you've got four.

There are 1,001 possible four-ball combinations, assigned to each team in order of their lottery odds. For example, the league-worst Wolves have the best lottery odds at 25 percent, so they get the first 250 combinations.

Whichever team was assigned the four-number combination that pops out first gets the top pick. The order in which the four balls come out doesn't change the result; 1-2-3-4 is the same as 4-3-2-1. The balls then go back into the machine to repeat the process to determine which team gets the second pick. After the four balls are drawn and No. 2's figured out, we start over again for the third pick.

This is what last year's lottery looked like:

Riveting, right?

5. Wait a second. Wasn't the NBA going to change the lottery to try to eliminate the dreaded scourge of "tanking?"

Yes! That was definitely a thing.

Lots of people don't like that the NBA's weighted lottery system, to some degree, incentivizes losing, or at least not trying your best to win. A quick sum-up: The more you lose, the better your chances of getting a higher draft pick. And since star players on rookie contracts rank among the most valuable assets in the whole league, doing what you can to improve your chances of landing one seems to make sense, especially if you're running a team likely to top out at a lower-tier playoff berth without a clear path to title contention.

View photos Adam Silver's willing to consider tweaking the lottery, but no changes are imminent. (Scott Halleran/Getty) More

Sinking to the bottom in hopes of a ping-pong-ball-propelled come-up is broadly referred to as "tanking." As it's received more and more coverage in recent years   and as general managers have copped to trying to tank   the negative public perception of the practice led the league's Board of Governors to consider proposals for eliminating or modifying the lottery as we know it.

But despite reportedly broad support for changing the system prior to the BoG meetings last fall, NBA owners in October voted against draft lottery reform, due in part to concerns about unintended consequences that might come with changing the system so quickly and the possibility that the planned shift could harm small-market teams down the line.

NBA Commissioner Adam Silver, forever open to new ideas and approaches, has maintained he's willing to consider reworking the lottery. But after the owners struck it down   and after the league locked in a new nine-year, $24 billion broadcast rights deal that figures to have significant ramifications for free agency, trades and labor relations   the powers that be seem fine with leaving the lottery as is for now.

"Once again, on the draft lottery, we agreed to continue looking at it, but it seems highly unlikely at this point that we're going to make a change for next season," Silver said after last month.

For the time being, then, we're sticking with the ping-pong balls, the 25 percent odds of picking first for the team with the worst record, and all the rest of it. Got it? Good. Best of luck tonight.

- - - - - - -

Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter!

Follow @YourManDevine

Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more. 
2015-07-27
Search Engine Marketing Spend Q2 2015: Yahoo! Bing Winning Advertisers' Trust With search engines playing a major role in present times, it has become quite important for the advertiser to understand the market trends and know where to head for a better return on their investment. Search Engine Marketing (SEM), the method of paid advertising to enhance the visibility of individual websites in search results, is all set to align with the increasing global advertising spend of total US$545 billion in 2015. While Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been leveraging on this trend for a long time now, the new blue-eyed boy on the block is Yahoo!, whose partnership with Microsoft for its Yahoo! Bing search has garnered more interest among investors of late.

Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Trends in 2015

According to the recent Adobe Digital Index report, there has been a 6% increase in the worldwide SEM expenditure in Q2 2015. In comparison to the spending in Q2 2014, Asia-Pacific (APAC) and North America showed an increase by 8% while Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) had a 4% increase. This trend is fairly in line with that predicted by the early January report by MarketingProfs. As mentioned, Fast-track Asia (comprising of China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam) has been on the rise since 2014 and continues to do so in Q2 2015 as well. As compared to the trends in Q1 2015, the increase in Q2 2015 has been marginal with the exception of APAC, where the huge increase seen during Q1 2015 is settling down this quarter.

Yahoo! Bing on the rise

Yahoo! Bing performed quite well with a 16% increase in SEM spending YOY, while Google had only 6% increase. This may be attributed to the Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) alliance in the internet search domain. The regional trends for Yahoo! Bing shows a maximum increase of 24% in North America followed by 15% in EMEA while APAC remained flat. APAC showed a maximum increase in Google ad spending at 9% followed by North America and EMEA at 7% and 5% increase respectively.

The CPC decline on Google ads as compared to an increase in CPC on Yahoo ads might also explain this market behavior. In Q2 2015 Yahoo! Bing had acquired 33% of the American market share while Google had 61% share. A 4% decrease YOY was recorded for Google. The impact of Yahoo! Bing is clearly evident from the way it has been cutting into Google s share of the market. However, Google ruled the global market with 65% share in Q2 2015 followed by Yahoo! Bing at 16%. It has now been four consecutive quarters with Yahoo! Bing registering a growth in SEM expenditure for the American market.

The data for Q2 2015 indicates that the advertisers are getting a greater value for their investment. The rise in Click Through Rate (CTR) by 23% YOY illustrates the fact that optimization in SEM has been well exploited. On the other hand, the Cost Per Click (CPC) has gone down by 10% YOY. The combination of these two factors clearly brings forward the case of display ads which are increasingly becoming a top priority in the digital ad space. On comparing CTR by search engine, Google was leading in Q2 2015 with an 11% increase YOY while Yahoo! Bing went down as compared to last quarter to settle at a 2% YOY increase. The CPC for Google and Yahoo! Bing ads showed quite a similar trend and recorded close enough increase of 7% and 4% YOY increase. Surprisingly enough, the desktops had the highest increase in YOY CTR for Q2 2015 as compared to smartphones. Desktops recorded a 7% increase while smartphones stayed flat. Also, the highest increase in CPC was recorded for smartphones at 16% YOY, while that of desktops was 6%. Globally, smartphone CPC was the lowest at only 79% of desktop CPC.

Mobilegeddon: initial effects

Zenith has already projected mobile advertising to grow by an average of 38% a year till 2017. This only means the increase in adoption of smartphones itself would influence the search habits of consumers worldwide pretty drastically. With Mozilla favoring Yahoo as its default search, the economies of scale have changed. Mozilla itself has been enjoying a share of 10.72% of all browser users (as of June 2015). And if the Mozilla OS kicks strong, Yahoo could be piggybacking to become a evident competitor to Chrome on Android which owns over 50% of the market share today.

An announcement from Google earlier this year put a lot of emphasis on website optimization for the mobile platform. As per the statement, Google intended to incorporate the mobile friendliness of a website as an important parameter in web ranking. As a result of the mobilegeddon, the mobile searches worldwide were expected to experience a great turnaround. The results as shown by the Q2 2015 report indicate quite a minimal effect of 10% decrease in organic traffic for sites with low mobile engagement. The trend of mobile CTR and CPC was in contrast to that of the global scenario with YOY increase in CPC (16%) and decrease in CTR (9%). The revenue per visitor (RPV) for a mobile page view is lagging behind that of a desktop page view.

The second quarter had been quite interesting with several twists being observed. An increase in global SEM investment led to a proportional increase in CTR. However, an increase in CPC is bound to pose some trouble. Google was successful in registering a growth in its market size, but the pace of Yahoo! Bing is alarming enough to cause some jitters in the coming quarters as well. The mobilegeddon was taken well, but its apocalyptic impact is yet to be observed. Mobile benchmarking needs to be modified in order to derive a better estimate of RPV that is independent of historical desktop results.

Needless to say, Yahoo! Bing might need to move more boulders and please more users to grow from the position it is today. Considering Google has a lot of applications like conversion calculators integrated into its SERPs intelligently, the way ahead for Yahoo is to not just become smarter, but also forging some more default inclusions into smartphones, we feel. Snapchat Replaces Yahoo and Warner Music With BuzzFeed and iHeartRadio Snapchat has added BuzzFeed and iHeartRadio to its Discover portal which lets publishers share up to 20 stories a day on the social mobile app and Yahoo and Warner Music Group's channels have been deleted. But the reasons for those moves are a little unclear.

"Since launching Discover with Yahoo and Warner Music six months ago, the teams have been continuously experimenting and learning what type of content works best," Los Angeles-based Snapchat said in a statement. "Although we have new partners joining Discover today, we continue to look at different ways we can work with Yahoo and Warner Music Group on Snapchat in the future."

A Yahoo spokesperson added: "As we continue to find unique opportunities to reach people with our content, we're looking forward to continuing to work with partners, including Snapchat, that can bring our live video and other properties to new users."

Snapchat launched Discover six months ago with a dozen publishers, including Daily Mail, CNN, People, ESPN and Vice, on board. As an example of how they employ Discover, Vice has been featuring "best of" content selected by its editors.

Also, Snapchat lets partners sell ads against their Discover channels while asking for 30 percent of the revenues unless Snapchat sells the promos, in which case it would take half. It's unlikely that the dismissal of Yahoo and Warner Music will affect those companies' bottom lines; Snapchat advertising is still in its nascent stages. But it could be a blow if the platform matures materially for its publishing competitors like BuzzFeed and iHeartRadio soon.

It will be particularly interesting to watch BuzzFeed on the channel since it's unusually dedicated to vertical video, Snapchat's format of choice. BuzzFeed's first post today was a clip of guys trying on women's lingerie.

Re/code reported on July 23 that Snapchat would be adding and dismissing Discover partners. US Stocks Post Longest Streak of Losses Since January on China U.S. stocks fell, with equities posting their longest losing streak since January, after the biggest slump in eight years for Chinese shares amid concern over the nation s economic growth.

Apple Inc. slipped 1.4 percent after its worst week in six months. Baidu Inc., China s largest search engine, lost 4.2 percent. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. retreated 2 percent. Energy shares dropped as oil sank into a bear market. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. surged 16 percent after agreeing to buy Allergan Plc s generic-drug business for $40.5 billion. Allergan added 6.1 percent.

The Standard & Poor s 500 Index slid 0.6 percent to 2,067.64 at 4 p.m. in New York, after touching its average price during the past 200 days. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 127.94 points, or 0.7 percent, to 17,440.59, reaching its lowest level since February. The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 1 percent.

 The situation in China is causing concern, particularly for international companies that get a good portion of their sales from overseas,  said Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co. in Newton, Massachusetts.  We re already starting to see cracks in the earnings picture, so if global growth is going to slow, that will make the cracks bigger. 

A report today showed industrial profits in the world s second-biggest economy fell in June, sending Chinese shares tumbling on speculation a government intervention to stem a market selloff can t be sustained amid weak growth. Data Friday showed a private manufacturing gauge unexpectedly declined in July to a 15-month low.

Weekly Losses

The S&P 500 has declined for four weeks out of five, and ended Monday 3 percent away from its May closing record. The benchmark measure is up 0.2 percent for the month. The bull market that already rivals anything since World War II in duration is showing signs of fatigue, as U.S. equities are being pushed along by the fewest stocks in more than 15 years.

More than 100 percent of this year s increase in the S&P 500 is attributable to two sectors, health-care and retail. That s the tightest clustering for an advancing year since at least 2000, data compiled by Bloomberg show.

Investors continue to assess data to gauge the economy s strength, and when the Federal Reserve might raise borrowing costs. A report today showed orders for business equipment rose in June for just the second time this year as U.S. factories start to regain their footing after a weak spell.

Fed Meeting

The Fed begins a two-day meeting Tuesday as policy makers debate the timing for higher interest rates. Economists surveyed by Bloomberg continued to put the odds for a September rate increase at 50 percent. Fed Chair Janet Yellen has recently signaled that the central bank is likely to raise rates this year, while emphasizing a gradual pace for subsequent increases.

 There s a number of indicators such as the commodity prices and China showing a slowing global growth,  said Stewart Richardson, chief investment officer at RMG Wealth Management LLP in London.  Any further deterioration in the financial markets that could be triggered by China would push back a rate hike. 

Investors are also watching the earnings season, with more than 170 members of the S&P 500 due to report this week. Of the firms that have already done so, about three-quarters beat profit estimates and more than half topped sales projections. Analysts have moderated projections for a drop in second-quarter earnings to 4 percent, from 6.4 percent on July 10.

Price Swings

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index rose 14 percent Monday to 15.60, a two-week high. The gauge, know as the VIX, rose 15 percent last week, its fifth gain in six weeks. About 7.3 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 13 percent above the three-month average.

Nine of the S&P 500 s 10 main groups retreated, led by energy, technology and raw-material shares. Banks slumped as Treasury yields fell to two-week lows. The SPDR Barclays High-Yield Bond ETF slid 0.4 percent to its lowest level since December.

The KBW Bank Index had rallied 7.3 percent in the two weeks through last Wednesday amid lenders  better-than-estimated earnings and improved prospects for profits as yields rose. Comerica Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased more than 1.3 percent today.

Miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc. declined 7.5 percent and shares are down 28 percent in the last four sessions, the worst such stretch in more than six years. Copper slid to the lowest in six years amid concerns about China s economy. Newmont Mining Corp. lost 3.3 percent to a 14-year low, falling in 10 of the last 12 sessions.

Mylan Plunges

Facebook Inc. fell 2.9 percent, the most since January, to weigh on the tech group ahead of the social network s earnings report Wednesday. Shares had rallied 15 percent in nine sessions through July 21. Chipmakers Skyworks Solutions Inc. and Qorvo Inc. sank at least 3.2 percent, while Microsoft Corp. slumped 1.3 percent.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Mylan NV plunged 15 percent, its biggest slide in more than six years, after Teva abandoned its hostile takeover bid for the company upon finding a friendlier merger partner. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index fell 1.1 percent to a more than two-week low. The gauge has slipped for five straight days, the longest such streak since April. Xoma Corp. lost 13 percent, while Incyte Corp. decreased 3.8 percent.

Energy stocks in the S&P 500 fell along with the price of crude oil. The resource, which has declined in eight out of the last nine trading sessions, slid 1.6 percent, extending its loss for the period to 11 percent. Phillips 66, Marathon Petroleum Corp. and Valero Energy Corp. paced the drop, retreating more than 2 percent.

China Concerns

Companies reliant on China for sales declined on the day. Yum! Brands Inc., the third most-exposed U.S.-listed company with 52 percent of revenue coming from the emerging nation, decreased 0.8 percent. Apple, which got 17 percent of sales from China in 2014, lost 1.4 percent.

China-based companies trading in the U.S. also saw declines, with Sohu.com Inc., Baidu and Alibaba falling more than 1.9 percent. Yahoo! Inc., which is a major shareholder in Alibaba, dropped 2.6 percent.

McGraw Hill Financial Inc. lost 5.7 percent, the biggest drop in more than two years, after agreeing to buy SNL Financial for about $2.2 billion to add content on the banking and insurance industries.

Republic Airways Holdings Inc. plummeted 56 percent, the most ever, after saying a worsening pilot shortage may create more disruptions in flights the carrier makes for larger airlines. A Bloomberg index of U.S. airlines fell for a second straight day as JetBlue Airways Corp. and Spirit Airlines Inc. slid more than 0.9 percent.

Beacon, Biogen

Utility companies in the S&P 500 added 1.3 percent, as the drop in Treasury yields makes the group s dividend payout look more attractive. PG&E Corp. and American Electric Power Co. gained more than 2 percent.

Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. jumped 8.7 percent, the most in more than six years, after agreeing to buy Roofing Supply Group for $1.1 billion from buyout firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice.

Biogen Inc. rose 3.1 percent, and earlier as much as 8.3 percent, following its biggest drop in almost seven years Friday after the drugmaker cut its 2015 outlook. Shares climbed Monday as analysts speculated the company could become the industry s next takeover target. Yahoo! Inc Recommends Shareholders Reject "Mini-Tender" Offer by TRC Capital Corporation  
2015-05-11
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) 'Surely Won't' Buy Yelp Inc (YELP): Eric Jackson There is no chance Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will be acquiring Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP), Eric Jackson tells Melissa Lee in a talk on CNBC.

The assessment comes from the founder and president of Ironfire Capital after it was revealed last week that Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) s Board of Directors have put a for sale sign on the company and that Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is one of the possible parties interested in buying the company.

 On behalf of Yahoo shareholders, Yahoo and Marissa Mayer should not be thinking about touching this company and I don t think there is any chance that they will. Yahoo only has $6 billion in net cash and they have already promised the majority of that to come back to shareholders through share buybacks in the future. There is no chance Yahoo buys this company,  Jackson tells Lee.

According to the investor, if Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) buys Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP), people should expect a scene like the ones on Clash of Clans TV commercials where people, in this case shareholders of Yahoo, will be storming the castle

He says, however, that he thinks Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) has  value  but that Yelp s board is putting themselves up for sale is interesting because the whole local space has been in a bit of a Bermuda Triangle for so many companies.

 I don t think the board intended for this to happen to Yelp because they just announced earnings a couple of weeks ago and one of the things that they disclosed is that their headcount is up 50% year-over-year. It s up to over 3,000 people working at this company and yet they have had three bad quarters in a row. The stock yesterday was at a 52-week low and now you slap a  for sale  sign on the business? It sort of smacks of doing this out of weakness rather than strength,  Jackson explains.

Because of this, potential buyers like Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will likely not be involved in a bidding war but rather asking questions about the timing of the sale and whether the company is any good to be bought.

Christian Leone s Luxor Capital Group owned about 9.22 million shares in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) by the end of 2014. Eashwar Krishnan s Tybourne Capital Management owned about 2.65 million Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) shares also by the end of 2014.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.

Suggested Articles:

Best TED Talks of All Time

Countries with Best Quality of Life Google Inc (GOOGL) Search Market Threatened By Microsoft Corporation (MSFT ... Internet Search is a hot market, and we all know who the juggernaut here - of course, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is. But Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing search has also started to make its name in the news lately. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) partnered after which, Yahoo s search algorithms are now powered by Bing. Yahoo also signed a deal with Mozilla Firefox which made Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) (read Bing) browser the default search engine in Firefox. The results are fruitful. One in every five US-based desktop search is originated from Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) s Bing search engine.

An article on Digital Trends said that no apparent factor seems to explain the rise in the Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) s Bing search usage except the increase of Windows 8.1 users. Windows 8 has built-in Bing search powering the search box of the operating system. Last year, Microsoft s search even surpassed Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) search for one month. The source said that Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Microsoft partnership certainly played a key role in this changing trend, but for now, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has no threat whatsoever.

Also, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) s search is only used from desktop computers, whose market is plummeting across the globe. The key to search market is mobile, and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is quick to respond to this changing trend.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has Bing search activated in Apple devices, Amazon Kindle, Firefox and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). This heavy expansion could threaten Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in the longer run.

David Tepper s Appaloosa Management Lp owns around 600,000 Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares.

Suggested Articles:

Most Expensive Homes in the World

Most Powerful Countries in the World Postcard: Strong finish to RCS near LA Rivals Camp Series: Los Angeles

Four-star 2016 standout Trevon Sidney took home WR MVP honors at the Rivals Camp Series near Los Angeles.

FULLERTON, Calif. -- The Rivals Camp Series Presented by Under Armour concluded its regional camp schedule in style on Sunday with a star-studded camp at Fullerton College outside of Los Angeles. With nearly 200 prospects on hand representing nine different states, a diverse field of talent made for a memorable day of performances.

The series of drills and one-on-one competitions revealed the best players, and even though several of the positions were tough calls, seven MVPs were named, with three other players also earning special honors.

With so much talent on hand, there were also seven prospects who were invited to participate in the Rivals100 Five-Star Challenge Presented by Under Armour, which will be held at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore in June.

The Rivals Camp Series regional stops are now completed, with the Rivals100 Five-Star Challenge and the Rivals Quarterback Challenge Finals set for June 5-7 in Baltimore at M&T Bank Stadium, home of the NFL's Baltimore Ravens.

Camp Awards

Wyatt Davis earned OL MVP honors on Sunday.

At each Rivals Camp we award the best individual performances. These players took the top honors:

QB

Bishop Gorman/Las Vegas, Nev.

RB

Upland HS/Upland, Calif.

WR/TE

Bishop Amat/La Puente, Calif.

OL

St. John Bosco/Bellflower, Calif.

DL

St. Anthony/Long Beach, Calif.

LB

La Habra HS/:a Habra, Calif.

DB

Junipero Serra/Gardena, Calif.

Interview of the Day

Social Stream

Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more camp content and information:

Five-Star Invites

Seven RCS: Los Angeles participants earned invitations to the Rivals100 Five-Star

Challenge Presented by Under Armour.

At each camp our team of football recruiting experts invites elite players to participate in the 2015

Rivals100 Five-Star Challenge Presented by Under Armour. The following players received an invitation:

LB

Fresno (Calif.) Clovis West

WR

La Puente (Calif.) Bishop Amat

WR

Long Beach (Calif.) Poly

CB

Scottsdale (Ariz.) Saguaro

LB

Rialto (Calif.) Wilmer Carter

ATH

Elk Grove (Calif.) Franklin

OT

Santa Ana (Calif.) Mater Dei

More from Under Armour

2015 ClassClick Here to view this Link.

Position RanksClick Here to view this Link.

Team RanksClick Here to view this Link.

Click Here to view this Link.

UNDER ARMOR EVENTS 
2015-04-15
Editorial: TinEye is an Essential Search Engine That Too Few Know About 

Internet Editorial: TinEye is an Essential Search Engine That Too Few Know About

-

Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail

(Source: TinEye) When looking for better quality images or the original source of an image for citation purposes, TinEye often beats Google Images







I. Searching for the Best



Some of you may know about TinEye -- others are probably staring blankly for lack of recognition. Indeed, I had heard little media coverage about the search service. Search is a busines invariably dominated by the big three -- Yahoo! Inc. (



Those of us who





Ah, Dogpile, my go-to search tool of the late 90s. [Image Source: DIYThemes]

Every once in a while I'll come across a search engine such as DuckDuckGo that will interest me enough to use it for a time. But almost as a rule I find that the utility provided by most of these upstart challengers is relatively low and in time I invariably come crawling (pun) back to good old Google and Bing (both of which I appreciate for different uses).



As a news writer I do a lot of search, so I've been waiting for some challenger to truly provide a solution that's worth using alongside my essential search tools. About a year and a half ago I stumbled across precisely such a tool -- TinEye.



Let me first explain the premise. In





[Image Source: iStock]

The problem is that's often harder than you might imagine. Countless times I've discovered a cool image I want to either use in its native form, or perhaps enhance/modify/remix. But when I go to try to find out where it came from, my search stutters.



To try to find where an image came from on the internet you must use a so-called "reverse image search engine."







Often searches prove fruitless at finding the original source. Particularly frustrating is when precious time lost when you inspect obscure webpages with supposed hits only to find there's no sign of the image on the live link. The good news is that most major media outlets seem of a like mind to me and are a goldmine of reasonably accurate citation data. However, such sources aren't always available and when it comes to members of the so-called blogosphere, many repost whatever they can find with no credit to the image author.



Sometimes logic will tell you who took an image or help you to figure out after a couple of guesses. Many images are owned by a handful of publishing agencies (e.g. Corbis, Getty Images, etc.) or are the work of major news outlets (AP, AFP, Reuters, Bloomberg). But suffice it to say such efforts are hit or miss and image citation is sort of a fine (and time consuming) art.



A secondary problem is image quality. Often you find an image that looks interesting, but it's a fuzzy jpeg at 300x__ pixel resolution. Here Google is a bit more helpful as searching by URL will often (but not always) yield higher resolution.



II. TinEye is the Man When It Comes to Image Search



But there is a better way -- TinEye. TinEye at first glance might appear to be a Google Images clone that can only search by URL. But it turns out that TinEye is better -- much better in fact -- at finding the oldest occurence of most images on the web.







But what if the date has been manipulated to try to increase the relevance, but the "oldest" hit really isn't the oldest? Well, TinEye seems to be better than Google at catching such fakery, but occasionally its powers fall short. However, it offers you an additional tool as a fallback -- "Best Match" which tends to rank images by their highest traffic sources. This will help you find the kind of pages who adhere to commonly accepted best practices citation-wise, allowing you to find the source.



TinEye also comes in hand when you want to find a larger or better quality version of an image. It's typically at worst on par with Google in this department, but often it finds gorgeous originals which Google seems to be entirely unaware of.



Now that I've explained how TinEye has proven its mettle and become an essential tool of my search arsenal, let me offer a couple of stern assertions. First, I am not paid by TinEye to write this. I don't own "TinEye" stock. I have no relationship whatsoever with the owners.



I wanted to make that clear because in today's era of cynicism if you write something overly positive invariably people will jump to accusing you of being a shill who was paid off.







Sometimes, it turns out, there are actually good things in the world worth praising, though, believe it or not. And when I see such a thing receiving little attention as a newswriter, I think it's a good thing to share. So for those who are sharpening your knives, ready to accuse me of some sort of promotional interest shelve your negativity.



III. Origin Quest



To be honest I had no real idea who was behind the webpage. I just knew that it was a useful search tool which works extremely well. Doing some background reading for this piece, I see that the site was launched in 2008 by Toronto, Ontario, Canada-based internet service firm Id e, Inc.



Here's a video from TinEye itself explaining how it works and its vision:







According to the site's "



TinEye's developers have asserted that it does not use



The proof, as they say, though, is in the pudding -- or in this case search results. Google Images almost assuredly uses perceptual hashing of some flavor. But simply put TinEye's algorithm is better --



There's really not too much to say beyond that, but I'll close by noting one interesting thing I've found with TinEye. Searching dozens of images per day, I'll fairly regularly come across images that appear to be lifted by one or more stock photography hubs and watermarked. The stock photography hubs then try to resell these images.



Typically the original source is often crystal clear -- and available with no watermarks, which suggests the author is unaware of the resale of their work. In some cases, I'd imagine the copyright holder was compensated, but in many cases it appears to be a clear cut case of stock photography resellers falsely claiming original image content was an "orphan work" -- an image of unclear or indeterminate copyright. Of course the origins are clear, but such claims maker for a convenient excuse to obfuscate the practice of outright stealing original content for profit.



The situation appears to be rather analogous to the



For those who are looking for a good search tool when it comes to images -- particularly where citation is concerned, I urge you to look no further and check out TinEye. I owe the site at least that plug, given how useful they've been to me. Every once in a while I come across a gadget or service that's so terrific, I have to try to give it free promotion. TinEye is such a service.Some of you may know about TinEye -- others are probably staring blankly for lack of recognition. Indeed, I had heard little media coverage about the search service. Search is a busines invariably dominated by the big three -- Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ), Microsoft Corp. ( MSFT ), and the market's dominant leader Google Inc. ( GOOG ). (With Yahoo! and Bing being sort of related, as the former uses the latter's indexing .)Those of us who remember a time before Google perhaps will appreciate the possibility that there might be something else out there in the search space. Back in the 90s, for example, I recall Dogpile -- technically a "metasearch" engine -- giving superior results to the stock Yahoo (the Google to the day).Every once in a while I'll come across a search engine such as DuckDuckGo that will interest me enough to use it for a time. But almost as a rule I find that the utility provided by most of these upstart challengers is relatively low and in time I invariably come crawling (pun) back to good old Google and Bing (both of which I appreciate for different uses).As a news writer I do a lot of search, so I've been waiting for some challenger to truly provide a solution that's worth using alongside my essential search tools. About a year and a half ago I stumbled across precisely such a tool -- TinEye.Let me first explain the premise. In today's era of Fair Use copyright , for those engaging in journalism, art, or science citation is nine tenths of the law (more or less). You want to cite the source of images for a variety of reasons -- and not just legal ones. Ethically speaking, accurately giving credit to the original source of an image is also a matter of being nice and respectful -- or that's my philosophy at least. So whether I legally am required to or not, ethics compels me to try to determine where images came from.The problem is that's often harder than you might imagine. Countless times I've discovered a cool image I want to either use in its native form, or perhaps enhance/modify/remix. But when I go to try to find out where it came from, my search stutters.To try to find where an image came from on the internet you must use a so-called "reverse image search engine." Google Images is one example of a serach engine with such capabilities. It allows you to search for other pages hosting a specific image, by putting a URL of one of the image hits.Often searches prove fruitless at finding the original source. Particularly frustrating is when precious time lost when you inspect obscure webpages with supposed hits only to find there's no sign of the image on the live link. The good news is that most major media outlets seem of a like mind to me and are a goldmine of reasonably accurate citation data. However, such sources aren't always available and when it comes to members of the so-called blogosphere, many repost whatever they can find with no credit to the image author.Sometimes logic will tell you who took an image or help you to figure out after a couple of guesses. Many images are owned by a handful of publishing agencies (e.g. Corbis, Getty Images, etc.) or are the work of major news outlets (AP, AFP, Reuters, Bloomberg). But suffice it to say such efforts are hit or miss and image citation is sort of a fine (and time consuming) art.A secondary problem is image quality. Often you find an image that looks interesting, but it's a fuzzy jpeg at 300x__ pixel resolution. Here Google is a bit more helpful as searching by URL will often (but not always) yield higher resolution.But there is a better way -- TinEye. TinEye at first glance might appear to be a Google Images clone that can only search by URL. But it turns out that TinEye is better -- much better in fact -- at finding the oldest occurence of most images on the web.But what if the date has been manipulated to try to increase the relevance, but the "oldest" hit really isn't the oldest? Well, TinEye seems to be better than Google at catching such fakery, but occasionally its powers fall short. However, it offers you an additional tool as a fallback -- "Best Match" which tends to rank images by their highest traffic sources. This will help you find the kind of pages who adhere to commonly accepted best practices citation-wise, allowing you to find the source.TinEye also comes in hand when you want to find a larger or better quality version of an image. It's typically at worst on par with Google in this department, but often it finds gorgeous originals which Google seems to be entirely unaware of.Now that I've explained how TinEye has proven its mettle and become an essential tool of my search arsenal, let me offer a couple of stern assertions. First, I am not paid by TinEye to write this. I don't own "TinEye" stock. I have no relationship whatsoever with the owners.I wanted to make that clear because in today's era of cynicism if you write something overly positive invariably people will jump to accusing you of being a shill who was paid off.Sometimes, it turns out, there are actually good things in the world worth praising, though, believe it or not. And when I see such a thing receiving little attention as a newswriter, I think it's a good thing to share. So for those who are sharpening your knives, ready to accuse me of some sort of promotional interest shelve your negativity.To be honest I had no real idea who was behind the webpage. I just knew that it was a useful search tool which works extremely well. Doing some background reading for this piece, I see that the site was launched in 2008 by Toronto, Ontario, Canada-based internet service firm Id e, Inc.Here's a video from TinEye itself explaining how it works and its vision:According to the site's " about " section it has indexed 10.8 billion (not million) images to date -- more images than there are people on Earth. That alone isn't that big a deal. According to TechCrunch, Google hit 10 billion indexed images in 2010 -- half a decade ago. The important take home, though is that TinEye is aware of enough images to make it a dangerously useful tool.TinEye's developers have asserted that it does not use certain kinds of finnicky image recognition algorithms such as facial recognition or outline identification . Rather it is believed to use a very fast and efficient algorithm known as perceptual hashing.The proof, as they say, though, is in the pudding -- or in this case search results. Google Images almost assuredly uses perceptual hashing of some flavor. But simply put TinEye's algorithm is better -- for now at least . It's faster and tends to produce more useful results, especially when it comes to finding the original source of reposted image content.There's really not too much to say beyond that, but I'll close by noting one interesting thing I've found with TinEye. Searching dozens of images per day, I'll fairly regularly come across images that appear to be lifted by one or more stock photography hubs and watermarked. The stock photography hubs then try to resell these images.Typically the original source is often crystal clear -- and available with no watermarks, which suggests the author is unaware of the resale of their work. In some cases, I'd imagine the copyright holder was compensated, but in many cases it appears to be a clear cut case of stock photography resellers falsely claiming original image content was an "orphan work" -- an image of unclear or indeterminate copyright. Of course the origins are clear, but such claims maker for a convenient excuse to obfuscate the practice of outright stealing original content for profit.The situation appears to be rather analogous to the underpublicized for-profit piracy that indie musicians often face at the hands of major labels. These kinds of infringements are a rather bitter irony given how zealous some content resellers (both in the images and music space) are about attacking unauthorized nonprofit use. The degree of hypocrisy is saddening. And I've seen it all too often through my TinEye.For those who are looking for a good search tool when it comes to images -- particularly where citation is concerned, I urge you to look no further and check out TinEye. I owe the site at least that plug, given how useful they've been to me.





 We do believe we have a moral responsibility to keep porn off the iPhone.  -- Steve Jobs 
2015-04-01
Fresh off the Lot, Yahoo's New Digital Magazine - Yahoo Autos NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today announced the launch of Yahoo Autos, a new digital magazine that puts readers in the driver s seat with special access to unreleased cars, a redesigned new car research tool, exclusive interviews, breaking news and more. Yahoo Autos guides gearheads, first-time car buyers and everyone in between to the information they need. This is the 13th digital magazine that Yahoo has launched to date. Yahoo s Digital Magazines are quickly rising to the top of their categories with number one titles like Yahoo Beauty, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo Parenting, Yahoo Style and Yahoo Travel1.

Yahoo Autos features original videos, photography and stories created by a talented group of automotive experts including Managing Editor Justin Hyde, Editor-at-Large Alex Lloyd and Road Test Editor Aki Sugawara. You can also find Yahoo Autos content within the recently refreshed Yahoo app on iOS and Android, great for on-the-go news and information, especially during auto show season.

"Even before it was a digital magazine, Yahoo s autos coverage was an industry-leading site with its in-depth articles, original content, and breaking news," said Susan Kittenplan, VP & Executive Editor, New Media Initiatives. "Moving forward, Yahoo Autos will have a rich, visual experience, with even more refined content that all car enthusiasts and buyers will love."

Yahoo Autos will launch with sponsor BMW. BMW's campaign for the new 6 Series will connect with readers through high-impact images within Yahoo Splash Ads, as well as video and display advertising on Yahoo Autos. BMW will also engage in-market car buyers through Yahoo Audience Ads across our extensive network.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users  daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

1 Source: February 2015 comScore Baker & McKenzie, Yahoo Deny Corruption In $2.7B Reversal Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Google's Click Slowdown Is Less Than It Looks Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s slowdown in paid clicks growth may be less than meets the eye, according to an analyst who took a second look at recent data.

But the analyst, Axiom's Victor Anthony, reiterated a Hold rating on Google Wednesday, citing a host of headwinds including regulatory concerns and the possible loss of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) as a search partner.

A supposed slowdown in Google's paid clicks growth to 1 percent in the first quarter according to digital marketing agency Merkle RKG could be at least partly a fluke caused by the agency's retail focus, said Anthony.

"On the surface, the read was very negative," Anthony said. "But part of the slowdown may be specific to RKG's data."

Google's paid clicks grew 12 percent in the fourth quarter of 2014.

Related Link: Wedbush Warns Of Decelerating Trends At Google

Mozilla Corp. recently removed Google as the default search engine in its Firefox browser, but Anthony called that "a very small factor" in the click rate, given that Google has recently taken market share from Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO).

Anthony said Google's spending on so-called moonshot projects like self-driving cars and robotic surgery is pressuring its profit margins while regulatory concerns continue to weigh on the company in Europe.

The analyst also cited increasing competition and worries that Apple may follow Mozilla in booting Google from its browser.

Forty-nine analysts following Google maintain a mean rating of Buy on the company with a $626 target.

Google shares are off nearly 3 percent in the past year and traded recently at $550.58, down $4.12.

Latest Ratings for GOOGL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 BMO Capital Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Mar 2017 Loop Capital Initiates Coverage On Hold Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for GOOGL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: axiom Victor AnthonyAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-04-03
The Mayo Clinic Wants to Deliver Blood via Drone The Mayo Clinic wants to use drones to transport essential medical supplies to hospitals and disaster areas.

In a blog post that was initially spotted by Popular Science, the clinic discusses the potential good that drones could do for the medical community including moving much needed blood supplies from large regional hospitals with larger blood banks to smaller hospitals.

According to Cornelius A Thiels, a surgery resident at the clinic, blood products like platelets and thawed plasma have a short shelf-life, which makes keeping small hospitals stocked with supplies relatively difficult.

Currently, hospitals rely on courier services to get blood to patients in need of transfusions.  How to best manage critically ill patients in the prehospital environment is a field we are actively researching,  Thiels wrote.  UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles) could potentially play a role in improving outcomes for these patients in the future. 

It s not just hospitals that could benefit from drones: the Mayo Clinic s post also points to the potential for drones to help provide medical supplies to hard to reach disaster areas.

(ThinkStock)

 The first medical application of UAVs is likely to be disaster relief, where the logistics of distributing blood products is often a bigger problem than supply,  the post states.  The ability of UAVs to travel over closed roads and rugged terrain without risk to a flight crew seems to make them idea for use in disaster areas. 

In fact, the clinic points to some instances in which drones have already been used in medical emergencies including the 2012 Haiti earthquake.

Drones used for medical supplies would obviously be smaller and less expensive than the massive airplane-sized drones used by the military. According to the clinic, a $10,000 drone could carry 5 pounds worth of supplies for up to 60 minutes and a distance of 60 miles.

There are, however, a few roadblocks in the way of drones providing lifesaving supplies. First off, the FAA currently puts strict regulations on drone use in the U.S. Beyond that is the fact that a small craft full of biohazard material hovering over people s heads could make some uneasy.

The biggest company looking to take advantage of drones in the U.S. is Amazon; it s CEO and Founder Jeff Bezos recently announced that the ecommerce company is working on package delivery via drone. The FAA effectively squashed that idea, and so Amazon has recently moved part of its testing program to Canada to get around FAA restrictions.

But the Mayo Clinic isn t interested in getting you your Dr. Who box set: it wants to get life-saving supplies to people in need. Here s hoping it can get it done.

Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook here!

 Diesel, The Rock, Statham: Who'd Win the Fight? (Plus a 'Furious 7' Giveaway!) During a recent on-camera interview with the cast and director of Furious 7, Yahoo Movies shared a question from fan Roy Ganot that got everyone in deep thought over the physical fortitude of Vin Diesel, Dwayne  The Rock  Johnson, and Jason Statham:

@YahooMovies Question for Vin, Dwayne and Jason- Which one of you will win in a triple fight?   Roy Ganot (@Roy4114) March 19, 2015

Ludacris and director James Wan steered clear of picking sides   Wan saying the fight would create a  massive crater  obliterating all three Furious 7 mega-men. Jordana Brewster chose The Rock, based on sheer size. And The Rock channeled his pro-wrestling past, boldly selecting himself as the likely champion among the three stars with the proclamation:  I would knock both their asses into next week and then kick their asses again for leavin . That s a double ass-kickin . 

But Tyrese may have trumped everyone, sharing the most logical choice: Whoever has the gun would win.

Watch the video above to catch more of this ultimate hypotheticalfan question and enter our giveaway below to win a Furious 7 prize pack!

Five fans will the contents of this prize pack:

(1) Furious 7 men s T-shirt

(1) Furious 7 women s T-shirt

(1) Furious 7 water bottle

(1) Furious 7 air freshener

Here s how to enter the giveaway:

Step 1: Follow @YahooMovies on Twitter.

Step 2: Tweet this message:

One last ride @YahooMovies http://yhoo.it/1IwqnSs #Furious7 #YGiveaway

Note: One entry per person/email address/Twitter handle.

Step 3: The giveaway ends 11:59 p.m. PT on April 7, 2015. Winners will be notified on Twitter and will receive a Direct Message with further information. Keep in mind, this giveaway is open to U.S. residents only.

     

Official Rules: Yahoo! Movies Giveaway: Furious 7 Prize Pack

THE FOLLOWING PROMOTION (THE  PROMOTION ) IS INTENDED FOR PLAY IN THE FIFTY UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ONLY (COLLECTIVELY, THE  ELIGIBILITY AREA ) AND SHALL ONLY BE CONSTRUED AND EVALUATED ACCORDING TO UNITED STATES LAW. DO NOT ENTER THIS PROMOTION IF YOU ARE NOT LOCATED IN, AND A LEGAL RESIDENT OF, THE ELIGIBILITY AREA. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING. ENTRY IN THIS PROMOTION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES.

1. Eligibility: You must be a legal resident of the Eligibility Area and 13 years or older at the time of entry. Void in overseas U.S. territories, possessions, commonwealths and military installations, and where prohibited by law. Employees and agents of Yahoo!, ( Sponsor ), Twitter, Inc. ( Twitter ), their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotional agencies, any other prize sponsor, and any entity involved in the development, production, implementation, administration or fulfillment of the Promotion (all of the foregoing, together with Yahoo!, collectively referred to as  Promotion Entities ), and the immediate family members and persons living in the same household as such individuals, whether related or not, are not eligible to participate or win. Twitter is not a sponsor of, or is in any way affiliated with, this Promotion.

2. How To Enter: a. Registration: The  Promotion Period  is defined as the period specified in the Yahoo! Movies blog for each promotion. If you are not an existing Twitter account holder, visit twitter.com and follow the instructions to register for a free Twitter account. Once logged into Twitter, set your Twitter account to  follow  the Twitter handle associated with the Promotion, @YahooMovies (the  Promotion Twitter Address ). You MUST  follow  the Promotion Twitter Address during the entire Promotion Period to be eligible to win. b. Entry: Once you have registered for the Promotion, complete your entry in the Promotion by either i. Mail Entry: Send a printed copy of this web page along with your name and contact information to: Yahoo! Movies Promotion Entry, Yahoo! Inc., 2400 Broadway, First Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404. Include the name of the Promotion you are entering with your entry. Entries post marked after the close of the Promotion Period will not be honored. ii. Twitter Entry: Send a Twitter update (a  Tweet ), using the Twitter account you set up in Rule 2a above, to @yahoomovies with the words  One last ride @YahooMovies http://yhoo.it/1IwqnSs #Furious7 #YGiveaway" iii. You will receive ONE entry in the Promotion (an  Entry ), when you submit a Tweet to @yahoomovies during the Promotion Period, in accordance with the method described above. For purposes of these Official Rules,  receipt  of an Entry occurs when Yahoo! receives your registration and entry information as properly submitted by you in accordance with the instructions above. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of the holder of a Twitter account or handle, the dispute will be resolved in favor of the individual who is the  authorized email account holder  of the  alternate email address  provided when the Twitter account was created.  Authorized email account holder  is defined as the natural person assigned an email address by an internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (i.e., business, educational institution) responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address. If Yahoo! is unable to verify the authorized account holder of a potentially winning Twitter account, that account will be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. A potential prize winner may be required to provide Promotion Entities with proof that he/she is the authorized account holder as described above. LIMIT ONE ENTRY PER PERSON, PER EMAIL ADDRESS AND/OR PER TWITTER ID. Although subsequent attempts to enter may be received, only the first entry received from a particular individual will count; subsequent attempts to enter will be disqualified. The submission of an entry is solely the responsibility of the entrant. Entries may only be made according to the method described above. Proof of sending (such as an automated computer receipt,  thanks for entering  message, or post office receipt) does not constitute proof of actual receipt by Yahoo! of an entry for purposes of these Official Rules. Automated entries (including but not limited to entries submitted using any bot, script, macro, or sweepstakes service), copies, third party entries, facsimiles and/or mechanical reproductions are not permitted and will be disqualified. Only eligible entries actually received by Yahoo! before the end of the specified entry period will be included in the prize drawing. Unintelligible, incomplete, or garbled entries will be disqualified. All entries become the property of Yahoo!, and none will be acknowledged or returned.

Read More 
2015-04-13
Yahoo! Inc. Countdown: Marissa Mayer VS Carol Bartz Has Marissa Mayer done a materially better job of turning around Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s core business than Carol Bartz? Bartz was CEO for 2 years and 9 months. By the end of this month, Marissa Mayer would have been in the job for the same duration. So how did the company perform during their respective tenures? Let s evaluate few key metrics to compare and contrast the two regimes.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) under Carol Bartz

Carol Bartz became CEO on January 14, 2009. In the year prior to her taking over, Yahoo clocked $7.2 billion in revenue, $13 million in EBITDA, and had $3.5 billion in cash. Yahoo s board fired Bartz on September 6, 2011. For 2011, Yahoo recorded $5 billion in revenue, $800 million in EBITDA, and had $2.5 billion in cash. Bartz made no significant acquisitions during her tenure and sold back some small businesses like hotjobs and zimbra.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s stock increased a mere 2.1 percent during her reign, compared to a 57 percent jump in the NASDAQ during the same period.

So, overall, under her watch  

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Core business s revenue dropped.

However, the core became much more profitable when compared to the period before her arrival.

Yahoo s stock price was flat while the NASDAQ was booming.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) under Marissa Mayer

Marissa Mayer was hired on July 16, 2012. During the past 12 months, Yahoo recorded revenues of $4.62 billion   a drop of 8 percent since Bartz left. EBITDA was also down 15 percent at $682 million. Marissa Mayer however spent more than $2.5 billion on acquisitions, the most significant of which include Tumblr and Flurry.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s stock price increased 3x times during her reign, compared to a 71 percent rise in the NASDAQ during the same period.

Who did Better?

So is Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s core business better off today than it was under Carol Bartz? The top line under Bartz did decline, but the company s profitability significantly improved. Both these metrics have fared poorly under Marissa Mayer s watch. The only saving grace for Mayer was the big jump in the stock price that has managed to keep many shareholders happy.

Did Carol Bartz deserve to be fired? If she did, doesn t Marissa Mayer merit the same treatment? Mayer backers would argue that she deserves more time. If that were to be true, wasn t Bartz entitled to receive enough time to execute her plans? Here's What Activist Investor Jeffrey Smith Had to Say About Yahoo! Inc (YHOO) Starboard Value LP, the activist hedge fund managed by Jeffrey Smith has been a major shareholder of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) dating back to the third quarter of 2014. Since then, Smith has pressured Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to unlock the full shareholder value of the company by spinning off its Yahoo! Japan stake, committing to more share buybacks, and even by considering a merger with AOL, Inc. (NYSE:AOL), in whom Smith also opened a position during that same quarter. Previously, he successfully lobbied for the spinoff of the tech giant s 15% stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), which was great news for investors when Yahoo announced its intentions to do so.

CNBC s David Faber recently questioned Smith about why he keeps putting pressure on Yahoo! to commit to more share buybacks and other requests. Smith said that they are trying to help Yahoo! by giving them options to unlock the full value of the company.

 For us it is just about value and they can sure do the right thing for the company and the shareholders. So as it relates to Yahoo! if you add up the pieces, if you add up Alibaba and Yahoo! Japan and the cash that s worth more than the market-cap of the company, plus you are still getting the operating business, which has $1 billion in EBIDTA. So, it s not personal, it s not picking on the company and I don t think anybody else is picking on the company. It s just about value and if we can help the company, if we can help the management and board unlock that value and figure out how they can make some changes that improve value for the company then that s good for shareholders,  Smith said.

When Smith s Starboard Value LP first opened a position in Yahoo! it insisted on Yahoo! merging with AOL, Inc. (NYSE:AOL), though that is no longer the case. Smith said that their initial consideration was that Yahoo! could merge its operating business with AOL and get full value for its Alibaba Group Holding Inc (NYSE:BABA) stake in a tax efficient manner through that. But Yahoo! found its own way to cash in on that lucrative stake in Alibaba in a tax efficient manner, by spinning the stake off into its own company. Smith feels that merging with AOL still has some strategic benefits and could work out, though he believes it doesn t make as much as sense as it did before the Alibaba IPO.

Smith s hedge fund has just a 0.83% stake in Yahoo!, which currently consists of 7.72 million shares valued at $390.16 million, however the position is important for Smith, representing nearly 9% of his entire equity portfolio, and he pointed out that Starboard has had a lot of good conversations with Yahoo despite his relatively small ownership position. He thinks the most important thing for Yahoo! at the moment is to improve its operations. He pointed out that Yahoo! s revenues were pretty much flat for the last few years, but their EBIDTA has gone down by $600 million, mainly due to increased operating costs.

 [ ] We want them to focus on improving the operations of the business. We want them to focus on also spinning off or doing something with Yahoo! Japan,  Smith said.

Smith s fund was recently crowned activist investor of the year by the The Activist Investing Annual Review 2015, after a 2014 campaign that included a hugely successful proxy fight victory over Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI). Smith was also successful this year in pushing Staples, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPLS) and Office Depot Inc (NASDAQ:ODP) to merge, two companies in which he had positions, much as he tried to do with Yahoo and AOL.

Following activist funds like Starboard is important because it is a very specific and focused strategy in which the investor doesn t have to wait for catalysts to realize gains in the holding. A fund like Starboard can simply create its own catalysts by pushing for them through negotiations with the company s management and directors. In recent years, the average returns of activists  hedge funds has been much higher than the returns of an average hedge fund. Furthermore, we believe do-it-yourself investors have an advantage over activist hedge fund investors because they don t have to pay 2% of their assets and 20% of their gains every year to compensate hedge fund managers. Soon, we ll be releasing a new quarterly newsletter written by former activist hedge fund analyst Michael Bland that tracks 10 or so activist campaigns at any given time.

Disclosure: None eBay Inc (EBAY), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Valeant Pharmaceuticals (VRX): Ivory ... The founder of Ivory Capital, Curtis Macnguyen may have a bone to pick with his fellow hedge fund managers, whose investment skills might not be better than his own, though they enjoy the perks of greater assets under management partly as a result of being less private and more in the public eye. In an article on Bloomberg, he expressed some frustration over the notoriety of investors like David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital, who has four times the assets under management that Macnguyen does, despite his fund underperforming Macnguyen s Ivory Optimal since the beginning of 2009.

 The only difference between me and Einhorn is that he s higher profile and I m purposely very low profile,  Mac nguyen tells Bloomberg.  Plus, I m supercompetitive and will only get better over time. 

According to the piece, Macnguyen avoids stocks termed as  hedge fund hotels . These are companies that are very popular among hedge funds when the overall market looks good, but as soon as things look a bit shaky, the investors leave fast and in herds. According to his latest 13F filing, some of the top picks of his fund s portfolio included popular choices of hedge fund managers such as eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY), Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX), Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HTZ), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL). According to our methodology, which is based on long holdings in companies exceeding market-caps of $1 billion, Ivory returned 4.3% during the first quarter based on its 61 qualifying holdings at the start of the quarter. This compares well with the S&P 500 ETF (SPY) s returns of 0.9% during the same period. However, the issue remains whether Ivory will be found swimming naked when the tide goes out or not, in the sense of the popular analogy that Warren Buffett once drew.

Macnguyen initiated a stake in eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) during the fourth quarter with 2.06 million shares valued at $115.81 million. The e-commerce company, which is planning to spin off its payment arm PayPal sometime later this year represented 3.72% of the fund s equity portfolio. Among the hedge funds that we track, 87 had invested $11.2 billion in the $69.87 billion market-cap company. It doesn t really look like Ivory is ready for a flight of capital from this position, which was also one of the favorite stock picks among the billionaires that we track. Carl Icahn was one of them, as his fund Icahn Capital LP held some 46.27 million shares of eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) valued at $2.60 billion at the end of 2014.

Ivory s stake in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) towards the end of the fourth quarter contained about 847,200 shares valued at $121.24 million. The $71.43 billion pharmaceutical company had 102 funds from our database invested in it, with an aggregate investment of $14.08 billion. Jeffrey Ubben s Valueact Capital held the highest stake among those funds. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) was recently backed by Bill Ackman of Pershing square to acquire the Botox maker Allergan. Even though the healthcare company failed in its attempt, Ackman made a healthy profit from the stake that it had acquired in Allergan. Google Inc (GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Quant ... John Overdeck and David Siegel s quant fund, Two Sigma Advisors launched a new fund this year, Two Sigma Absolute Return Macro Master Fund, which managed to raise a massive $3.3 billion, the largest capital among last year s fresh fund offerings. In 2014 when the average hedge fund return was somewhere between 2.5% to 3%, Two Sigma Enhanced Compass Fund posted eye popping returns of 57.55%.

The $24 billion fund was founded in 2001 by the two D E Shaw veterans, one a computer scientist, the other a statistician, and both united in their belief that technology is an extremely powerful tool when it comes to finding meaningful and profitable data trends in the realm of finance. Keeping this belief in mind and given the fact that the information technology sector constituted the greatest percentage of the firm s equity portfolio at 22%, we decided to take a closer look at Two Sigma s top tech picks, according to the firm s latest 13F filing. These included Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Western Digital Corp (NASDAQ:WDC), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU). The fund s equity portfolio is well diversified, with its top ten holdings constituting only 9.88% of its total value. According to our methodology, which is based on the weighted average returns of the fund s long equity positions in companies exceeding $1 billion in market cap, Two Sigma returned 3.2% in the first quarter based on over 1300 holdings, even though most of its top technology picks were in the red. The actual fund s returns are likely to be different, as our metric doesn t take into account derivatives and other investment instruments that these managed future funds heavily rely on.

While quant funds posted a strong performance in 2014, we cannot say for sure that computer algorithms will completely replace the stock picking skills of fund managers in the future. A much larger time duration is needed to draw such a conclusion since market drivers differ from year to year. At Insider Monkey, we have developed a trading strategy which is backed by 13 years of back tests and nearly three years of forward testing. Through our research we discovered that a portfolio of the 15 most popular small-cap picks of hedge funds beat the S&P 500 Total Return Index by nearly a percentage point per month between 1999 and 2012. On the other hand the most popular large-cap picks of hedge funds underperformed the same index by 7 basis points per month during the same period. In forward tests from the end of August 2012 through March 2015, these top small-cap stocks beat the market by a hefty 79.4 percentage points (read the details here).

After initiating a position in Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) during the second quarter of 2014, Two Sigma increased its stake by a whopping 217% in the third quarter and then by a further 56% in the fourth quarter to about 302,400 shares valued at $160.46 million. The stock, which formed Two Sigma s most valuable equity holding was the only stock pick among those under discussion that ended up in green over the first quarter, as it gained 4.53%. Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has recently confirmed its plans to launch an ad-free subscription service for its video platform, YouTube. Content providers are expected to get a 55% share of the subscription revenue. Among over 700 hedge funds that we track, Boykin Curry s Eagle Capital Management and Ken Fisher s Fisher Asset Management held the highest stakes in Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) toward the end of 2014. Here's How to Replace All 'Game of Thrones' Internet Spoilers with Characters ... Brace yourselves; the Game of Thrones spoilers are coming. The fifth season of HBO s insanely popular saga made its debut this past Sunday, and the Internet just can t stop talking about it    or ruining it for you.



If you re like me and missed it, that means you re going to spend your days quickly scrolling past any mention of the show on social media and on your favorite websites for fear of even the slightest spoiler.

Thankfully, there s a new browser extension called Friends of Thrones that will save you from spoilers by replacing anything you see about Game of Thrones with the characters from NBC s Friends.

Ridiculous? You bet. Worth trying? Definitely.

Available for Google s Chrome browser, Friends of Thrones is a plug-in that once installed promises to change any Game of Thrones spoilers into scenes from the show Friends.

Right now, the extension only changes names of Game of Thrones characters to Friends characters. So instead of seeing something about Jon Snow and The Wall, you ll instead see references to Phoebe and Phoebe s apartment.

Of course, you can still use context clues to piece together what the text actually says. But why would you want to do that? Are you trying to spoil the show for yourself?

In the future, the folks behind Friends of Thrones will add an update that changes photos of Game of Thrones characters to images of characters from Friends. They re also working on changing video spoilers to play Friends videos.

Friends of Thrones is still a work in progress, though, so it s far from perfect at the moment. But if installing it means you can browse the web without fear of having one of the best shows on TV spoiled by that high school friend on Facebook that you never talk to, then sign me up.

Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at@DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-12-06
Yahoo: Be Careful Playing in Traffic Hundreds of millions of people visit Yahoo s sites each month. But as the company s board weighs a sale of its core business, one big question for prospective buyers is how much that traffic is really worth.

Fifteen or 20 years ago, Yahoo was able to command premium pricing. That was due to its scale, coupled with better-quality content than most Internet players and a unique ability to target advertising against a relatively... 
2015-11-09
Social Media Stocks: RBC Reveals Picks And Pans RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney appeared on CNBC on Monday. The expert shared his views regarding which social media stocks investors should buy and which ones they should avoid. The Internet space dominated Mahaney's picks and pans.

The Internet space is at an all-time high nowadays in terms of market capitalization and valuations, Mahaney explicated. However, some of these stocks are still worth buying   while some others are clearly worth avoiding, he continued.

Facebook

Among the stocks Mahaney likes is unsurprisingly Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB).

The social media behemoth  continues to prove that it can sustain close to 60 percent advertising revenue growth, 1.5 billion users, people who engage more and more with Facebook on a daily basis; so that s still a winner on our book,  he stated.

Related Link: Benzinga's Top Upgrades

LinkedIn

Also on the analyst s Buy list is LinkedIn Corp (NYSE: LNKD).

Although the stock has been slightly underperforming year-to-date, RBC thinks the company offers  a very good platform [with] 400 million registered users, rising levels of engagement, high levels of profitability. 

Stocks To Avoid

Mahaney then went into stocks to avoid, among which he included Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR), since it trades at a more expensive valuation than either of the aforementioned, even though it offers slower long-term growth prospects.

 We ve seen a lot of execution errors,  the expert added, assuring,  It s going to take a while to turn this around, if they are able to do that. 

Other companies in the  stay clear  list included Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and Groupon Inc (NASDAQ: GRPN),  stocks and companies that have been around for a while, that are going through near-term execution issues, uncertain option value and long-term growth outlooks that are also uncertain,  he concluded.

Disclosure: Javier Hasse holds no positions in any of the securities mentioned above.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Latest Ratings for FB Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Mar 2017 BTIG Research Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Buy Hold View More Analyst Ratings for FB

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Mark MahaneyAnalyst Color CNBC Long Ideas Analyst Ratings Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Ashland Inc. hires Greg Elliott as vice president and chief human resources ... November 9, 2015

COVINGTON, Ky. - Ashland Inc. (ASH) today announced that Gregory W. Elliott, a seasoned executive with extensive experience at global Fortune 500 companies, has joined the company as vice president and chief human resources and communications officer. He is based at the company`s headquarters in Covington and reports to William A. Wulfsohn, Ashland chairman and chief executive officer.

In this role, Elliott is responsible for the global management of all aspects of human resources, including talent management and development, compensation and benefits, and labor and employee relations. He will also oversee global corporate communications.

Elliott brings 25 years of senior-level HR and strategic communications experience to his new role. Since 2008, he has served as senior vice president, human resources and administration, at Navistar, Inc. (NAV), a global manufacturer of commercial and military trucks, proprietary diesel engines and buses with $10 billion in annual revenues and approximately 14,000 employees. Prior to that, Elliott was vice president, corporate human resources and administration for four years and also served as vice president of corporate communications from 1999 to 2004. Before joining Navistar, Elliott served as director of executive communications of General Motors Corporation from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Navistar, Elliott held communication leadership roles at Nissan North America and Toyota.

"Greg brings a unique blend of functional expertise in both human resources and communications to Ashland. His significant experience in helping guide global organizations through periods of tremendous change will be invaluable as we prepare to separate Ashland into two independent public companies," Wulfsohn said.

Elliott earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from California State University in Long Beach, and an MBA from Loyola University in Chicago.

About Ashland

Ashland Inc. (ASH) is a global leader in providing specialty chemical solutions to customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial markets, including adhesives, architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care and pharmaceutical. Through our three business units - Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland Performance Materials and Valvoline - we use good chemistry to make great things happen for customers in more than 100 countries. Visit ashland.com to learn more.

- 0 -

C-ASH

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:

Media Relations:

Gary Rhodes

+1 (859) 815-3047

glrhodes@ashland.com

Investor Relations:

Seth A. Mrozek

+1 (859) 815-3527

samrozek@ashland.com







This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.



The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.

Source: Ashland Inc. via GlobeNewswire

HUG#1965474

 Huskers land Tre Bryant  Is Microsoft's OneDrive the Best Cloud Storage Service? For most of us, online storage is the best place to save the huge quantities of photos, videos, and documents we ve all now acquired.

When those files are stored in the cloud, you don t have to worry about which machine they re on or whether they re properly backed up: They re available to any device from almost anywhere, and you don t have to worry about losing them if one of those devices goes down.

The only trick has been to figure out which of the many cloud services   from Microsoft, Google, Apple, and others   and which of their ever-changing offerings is right for you.

Read More: The 5 Biggest Myths About Smartphone Batteries (and Why They re Mostly False)



Microsoft made those calculations a bit trickier this week, by killing its most compelling deal: It had been offering subscribers to its Office 365 suite an unlimited amount of online storage for just $7 per month   and that included the software.

But according to Microsoft, some people were abusing its generosity by saving upwards of 75 TB of data on their OneDrive accounts, which presumably put a strain on the company s resources. Turns out some people got the crazy notion that, when you re offered unlimited storage, it s actually unlimited.

So Microsoft has pulled back on that deal (as we ll detail below). Where does that leave you? Here s how we see the online-storage landscape now, in the wake of Microsoft s decision.



Microsoft OneDrive

After offering limitless cloud storage to every Office 365 subscriber, and then finding that some customers took that literally, Microsoft is now offering 1 TB storage space with each Office 365 subscription for the same $7 monthly fee. That s still a pretty decent deal when you consider that you re getting Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote as well as a lot of storage room for your photos, videos, and music.

(It s worth pointing out that even the base version of OneDrive gives you free access to Microsoft s Office Online. But Office Online is relatively barebones compared to Office 365.)

If 1 TB option is a too much storage for you   and chances are that, realistically, it will be for many, many people   Microsoft also offers a 50 GB storage plan for $2 per month. That, however, doesn t include Office 365. Unfortunately, the company is no longer offering 100 GB or 200 GB plans, which means your options are either 50 GB or 1 TB. That s not a lot of choice.

If you don t want to pay for cloud storage at all, Microsoft also provides 5 GB of free space, though, that s a step down from the 15 GB it used to provide OneDrive users for free, though, again, that doesn t come with Office 365.

Microsoft does offer a OneDrive app that lets you access your OneDrive folder directly from your computer s file explorer, as though it s just another drive, making it easier to transfer files to and from the cloud.

Microsoft also offers mobile apps for iOS and Android, so you can access your data from any of your devices.

Google Drive

Got a Gmail account? Then you ve already got Google Drive. And with that, you ve also got 15 GB of free cloud storage. That s the largest amount of free space you can get from any of the major cloud-storage providers. In fact, Google also offers the most storage plan options.

If you re like me, though, and you save a lot of photos and videos online, then 15 GB probably isn t going to cut it for you. In that case, you can opt for Google s 100 GB plan, which costs $2 per month.

For folks in need of more storage than that, Google also offers a 1 TB plan for $10 per month. And it goes on from there: There is a 10 TB plan for $100 per month, a 20 TB plan for $200 per month, and a 30 TB plan for $300 per month.

Most people will never need anything close to 10 TB, let alone 30. Still the fact that Google offers such options could be helpful for small business owners and the like.

Read More 
2015-02-23
Yahoo exec challenges NSA director over spying A senior Yahoo Inc. executive confronted NSA director Adm. Mike Rogers on Monday over the use of "backdoors" in U.S. products that allow government agencies to decrypt online communications.

During a cybersecurity summit on Monday, Yahoo's chief information security officer, Alex Stamos, asked Rogers whether companies such as Yahoo should build backdoors into their systems for countries such as Russia and China if they also build them for the United States.

Read More NSA chief declines comment on spyware reports



"My position is, hey look, I think No. 1 this is technically feasible," Rogers said. "Now, it needs to be done within a framework. I'm the first to acknowledge that. You don't want the FBI and you don't want the NSA unilaterally deciding what we are going to access, and what are we not going to access."

Yahoo spokeswoman Suzanne Philion told CNBC that Stamos was asking Rogers a follow-up question after another participant commented about backdoors.

"His questions speak for themselves," she said.

CNBC's Eamon Javers contributed to this story. Yahoo Debates NSA Over Digital Spying In one of the most public confrontations between a top U.S. intelligence official and Silicon Valley in recent years, a senior Yahoo Inc. official peppered the National Security Agency director over digital spying on Monday.

The exchange came during a question-and-answer session at a daylong summit in Washington on cybersecurity, hosted by the think tank New America. The NSA director, Adm. Mike Rogers, spent an hour at the... Arkansas crowns first female state wrestling champion Arkansas crowned its first female wrestling state champion over the weekend. Destiny Nunez, a 17-year-old junior at Beebe (Ark.) High School, won the 106-pound weight class title at the 5A state meet.

It's a goal she's been working towards since placing fourth at the championships as a freshman. She placed third last year.

"I don't want to be just compared to girls," she said. "I want to be compared to good wrestlers."

After her performance in the state tournament, she should gain the respect she deserves. According to Arkansas Online:

Nunez, the No. 3 seed at 106 pounds, beat No. 1 seed Aiden Menchaca of Maumelle 5-2 in Saturday's final at the Jack Stephens Center to win the Class 1A-5A championship. She became the first girl to a win an individual state championship in the seven years the state tournament has been held.

Nunez is the fifth girl in national history to win a state wrestling title, the first since a Massachusetts wrestler did so in 2013, according to THV11.

She seemed calm after the win, according to local media, but said she was sure she would be "freaking out" later in the day.

"It makes me feel good about myself," Nunez said. "At the same time, I'm not saying I expected it, but I'm saying I have high goals."

-----

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com. Or, follow her on Twitter! Finally, There's a Robot That Can Sit on Your Back and Feed You Tomatoes Our robo overlords have finally arrived, and they re here to   feed us tomatoes? Huh, for some reason we figured there d be a lot more lasers.



Either way, say hello to Petit-Tomatan, a robot developed by Japanese tomato company Kagome that rides on your back and feeds you tomatoes while you work out. Yep, this thing is a fitness gadget.

The 18-pound bot sits on your shoulders and at the push of a button grabs a fruit from its canister and puts it within reach of your choppers, as its cold lifeless eyes cast judgement on your need for organic sustenance.

Alas, the Petit-Tomatan isn t available for purchase. It s actually a marketing stunt by Kagome, which, according to Popular Mechanics, will have an employee wear the robot while running the Tokyo Marathon.

In its promotion video for the bot, Kagome shows one of its employees running with the Petit-Tomatan on his back and enjoying a refreshing tomato. A narrator explains that tomatoes are a good source of antioxidants and wonderful for athletes.

It s the ultimate fitness wearable, it s horrifying, and we want one right now.

Now if only someone would invent a robot that could automatically feed you Reese s Peanut Butter Cups, we d gladly welcome the robot apocalypse.

via: Popular Mechanics

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at@DanielHowley or on Google+ here.

 Shareholders of Synacor Nominate Three Highly Qualified Directors for Election ... RANDOLPH, Mass. and AMSTERDAM, Feb. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- JEC Capital Partners and Ratio Capital Partners (together, the "Concerned Shareholders") have nominated three highly qualified, independent director candidates for election to Synacor's Board of Directors (the "Board") at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "2015 Annual Meeting"). The Concerned Shareholders are long-term shareholders and together own approximately 10% of the common stock of Synacor, Inc. (the "Company" or "Synacor") (NASDAQ: SYNC).

Citing the continued underperformance by the Company, poor shareholder returns, poor corporate governance practices, and a desperate need for truly independent fresh perspectives on Synacor's classified Board, the Concerned Shareholders believe that Synacor shareholders should be given the opportunity to vote for new directors whose interests are fully aligned with all shareholders.

Two of the incumbent directors whose terms expire at the 2015 Annual Meeting have served on the Synacor Board for 14 and 13 years, respectively. The Concerned Shareholders believe adding new talent to the Board is necessary to maximize shareholder value and improve corporate governance. The addition of three experienced and successful business executives with significant industry knowledge can drive consensus with the remaining Board members and management to create and implement a winning strategy that will position Synacor to produce positive results and returns to its shareholders.

The Concerned Shareholders call on the incumbent Board not to take actions adverse to the interests of Synacor shareholders prior to the 2015 Annual Meeting including:

Delaying the 2015 Annual Meeting beyond Spring 2015,

Selling all or part of the Company,

Making material acquisitions, or

Issuing equity or equity-linked securities.

The Concerned Shareholders urge each of the incumbent Board members not to take any actions that are motivated by entrenchment or preservation of the status quo. Rather, let the shareholders speak through their votes.

Over the past six months, the Concerned Shareholders have clearly expressed their views to the Board and management of Synacor and have made every effort to engage in constructive discussions that would lead to meaningful improvement in the Board without the need for a proxy contest. This included encouraging the Board to run a strategic alternatives process and inviting the Board to call a Special Meeting at our expense so that shareholders could vote on Board changes. The Board ignored our requests and instead focused on entrenchment tactics like enacting a poison pill. The Concerned Shareholders later met with senior management of Synacor and suggested cost reductions and other actions to improve the Company. Through those meetings, the Concerned Shareholders acquired a better understanding of the dysfunction at the Board level. That dysfunction was demonstrated yet again by the Company's recent "acqui-hire" of a development team from a defunct organization only a few months after a 20% reduction in workforce.

The Concerned Shareholders believe there are significant opportunities for improvement in the Company that will lead to increased shareholder value. The Concerned Shareholders do not believe the current Board can recover the value destroyed during its tenure. The Concerned Shareholders have nominated Scott Williams, Jeff Misthal, and Dilip Singh for election to the Board. A summary of each nominee's business experience and qualifications is set forth below.

Scott Williams

Mr. Williams is currently Assistant Vice President, Portal and Advertising, for AT&T. In his current role, he has responsibility for AT&T's consumer portal, ATT.net, AT&T's consumer email service, and TV Everywhere services including uverse.com and content onboarding and federations with content partners. Additionally, Mr. Williams was responsible for the creation and build-out of AT&T's Big Data platform, T-Data. Previously, Mr. Williams was Vice President, New Business Development, Strategy & Mobile for Time Inc. Mr. Williams has also served as Vice President, Business Development for The Weather Channel Interactive, and Director, Business Operations and Development for CNN. Mr. Williams holds a Bachelor of Science in Marine Biology from the University of Miami, an MBA and Juris Doctor from the University of Florida. Mr. Williams' deep industry experience, particularly with a market and customer perspective for products similar to those of Syancor, make him very well qualified to serve on the Board.

Jeff Misthal

Most recently Mr. Misthal served as Vice President of Finance for the Search and Ad Technology teams at Yahoo! Inc. where he was responsible for financial business support for businesses that generated in excess of $2 billion in revenue and had combined annual operating budgets in excess of $400 million. Additionally, Mr. Misthal served as Director of Finance for the Global Media team which included the Yahoo Properties as well as in various Corporate Finance roles supporting Yahoo's global strategic partnerships. Prior to joining Yahoo, Mr. Misthal was an investment banker at Savvian and JPMorgan where he focused on technology M&A transactions, capital raising and advisory work. Mr. Misthal received a BS in economics with a concentration in Finance and Information Systems from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA with a Finance concentration from UCLA Anderson. Mr. Misthal's extensive industry experience, particularly with competitive products similar to those of Syancor, make him very well qualified to serve on the Board.

Dilip Singh

Mr. Singh serves as the general partner of Value Generation Capital Fund LP. Mr. Singh also serves as the Chairman and as a director of On Track Innovations Ltd., a company that designs, develops and markets secure contactless microprocessor-based smart card technology; and a director of Concurrent Computer Corporation, a provider of software, hardware, and professional services for the multi-screen video and real-time simulation markets. From April 2012 to April 2013, Mr. Singh served as the interim Chief Executive Officer, President and as a director of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc., a provider of ambulatory infusion pumps and associated clinical services. Prior to joining InfuSystem, Mr. Singh served as the Chief Executive Officer of MRV Communications, Inc., a provider of optical communications network infrastructure equipment and network management products, as well as network integration and managed services. Mr. Singh served as the Chief Executive Officer of Telia-Sonera Spice Nepal, a large Asian mobile operator and prior to Telia-Sonera served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Telenity, Inc., a value added services delivery platform company. Prior to Telenity Mr. Singh served as President of NewNet which was acquired by ADC telecommunications Inc, Sprint Corporation, and ITT. Mr. Singh earned a Master's of Science in Physics from the University of Jodhpur and a Masters of Technology in Electronics & Communications Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology. Mr. Singh brings a technology background and significant operational experience implementing corporate turnarounds, including M&A experience and divestiture experience. These experiences allow him to offer unique insight into a company's operations for the purpose of guiding the company to the right short-term and long-term strategic decisions designed to maximize shareholder value.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This filing is not a solicitation of a proxy from any security holder of the Company. The Concerned Shareholders intend to file a preliminary proxy statement and accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of their slate of three highly qualified director nominees at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders of the Company.

THE CONCERNED SHAREHOLDERS STRONGLY ADVISE ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST.

PARTICIPANTS IN SOLICITATION

The participants in the proxy solicitation in connection with the 2015 Annual Meeting are JEC Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Capital Partners"), JEC II Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("JEC"), K. Peter Heiland, Stichting Bewaarder Ratio Capital Partners a tax-transparent mutual fund (fonds voor gemene rekening) under the laws of the Netherlands ("RCP"), Ratio Capital Management, B.V., a private limited liability company under the laws of the Netherlands ("RCM") Scott Williams, Jeff Misthal, and Dilip Singh.

Capital Partners serves as investment adviser to JEC. Mr. Heiland is the managing partner of Capital Partners and a member of JEC. Each of Capital Partners and Mr. Heiland may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the 1,353,200 shares of common stock of the Company beneficially owned by JEC, of which 500 shares are owned of record.

RCM serves as the manager of RCP and has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the 1,345,300 shares of common stock of the Company owned by RCP, of which 500 shares are owned of record.

None of the Nominees owns, beneficially or of record, any capital stock of the Company. The only interest of the Nominees in the proxy solicitation is their potential election as director of the Company.

The views expressed in this press release represent the opinions of the Concerned Shareholders, and are based on publicly available information with respect to the Company. The Concerned Shareholders recognize that there may be confidential information in the possession of the Company that could lead it to disagree with the Concerned Shareholders' conclusions. The Concerned Shareholders reserve the right to change any of their opinions expressed herein at any time as they deem appropriate. The Concerned Shareholders disclaim any obligation to update the information or opinions contained in this press release.

Certain statements made herein have been derived or obtained from filings made with the SEC or other regulatory authorities and from other third party reports. Neither the Concerned Shareholders nor any of their affiliates shall be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party SEC or other regulatory filing or third party report.

The information herein contains "forward-looking statements." Specific forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and include, without limitation, words such as "may," "will," "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "could," "should" or the negative of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology. Similarly, statements that describe our objectives, plans or goals are forward-looking. Our forward-looking statements are based on our current intent, belief, expectations, estimates and projections regarding the Company and projections regarding the industry in which it operates. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to differ materially. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements.

SOURCE JEC Capital Partners 
2015-08-03
Yahoo Stores Gets New Name, User Agreement, in Advance of Spinoff Merchants who use Yahoo Stores to host their websites found out in January that the business unit that operates the platform would be spun off from its parent later this year. On Thursday, they learned that Yahoo Small Business (YSB) unit was being rebranded Luminate.

The head of the YSB, Amer Akhtar, said,"Luminate reflects how we illuminate the path forward for our customers and underlines our commitment to helping small businesses grow."

The spinoff is part of Yahoo's plan to unload its shares in Alibaba, and the move to include YSB along with the shares was originally designed to minimize the tax impact. But as we noted in February, it's possible Yahoo may be relieved to be unloading what it considers to be a legacy unit.

The spinoff company, currently called Aabaco Small Business LLC, will become owned by Aabaco Holdings Inc. after the split, and its primary asset will be its shares in Alibaba.

Ventura Web Design is a long time service provider to Yahoo Store owners. Its CEO Kevin Richards said Yahoo Store owners are incredibly loyal to the platform. "Retailers have so many things to think about and do every single day, seven days a week, that when their ecommerce platform remains as stable as Yahoo has for so many years, they appreciate and recognize that."

That said, Richards noted that merchants are definitely cautious about the upcoming changes and what it means for them. "The current plans for the creation of Aabaco, the parent company of Luminate, require the new entity to be fully separated from Yahoo in the 4th quarter of 2015. That worries merchants because no one wants to see anything go wrong during the busy shopping season, and that includes Luminate engineers."

But he's confident of a smooth transition. "Other platforms have had some serious outages, including during the busy Christmas season, and Yahoo has not seen that."

Just as people have speculated eBay Marketplaces could be acquired after the split with PayPal, should merchants expect Aabaco to be acquired after the split with Yahoo?

The Wall Street Journal says that Yahoo is putting into place anti-takeover provisions that will make it difficult for another entity to snap up the company in the short term. It notes the opportunity for investors to try to hedge in the short term the differences in stock price between Aabaco and Alibaba shares.

"Opportunistic investors may use this formative stage to take advantage of short-term trading trends," the Journal writes - "And Aabaco could have even more challenges than the standard spinoff because its primary asset will be a listed security that could be particularly attractive to try to monetize - 15% of Alibaba - with Aabaco likely selling at a discount. Still, trying to play that arbitrage may be easier said than done - an outright sale of the Alibaba shares could trigger a huge tax."

We're uncertain whether Aabaco could easily sell off the Luminate part of its business or not, however. Either way, merchants face uncertainty even as YSB has been putting a positive spin on the move. Some may feel they're pawns in a game over which they have no control.

Merchants should certainly be aware that as part of the name change, they're subject to updated terms of service and privacy policy.

You can read Akhtar's message to Yahoo Stores merchants on the Yahoo Small Business blog.

And Yahoo has set up a page on its website with FAQs. There, it states, "We are 100% committed to providing the highest level of service and solutions to help you grow your business. Plus, as a subsidiary of Aabaco after the spin-off, we'll be investing in our infrastructure and operations to make your experience even better." Apple, eBay, Yahoo drivers approve union contract  Yelp, LinkedIn shift resources from old-fashioned display ads Bloomberg

Those banner-like ads you see on the sides of web pages have already lost some of their prominence on social media sites   and now ad-supported sites Yelp Inc. YELP, -0.40% and LinkedIn Corp. US:LNKD are starting to shift resources away from them.

With more people engaging with reviews sites and social networks from their mobile phones, social media companies are pushing into advertisements that are more mobile-friendly and engaging than traditional display ads, such as video, native ads, and local ads that target consumers based on their location.

Last week, Yelp announced plans to discontinue its display-ad business by the end of this year after reporting that it  actually negatively  impacted growth last quarter, according to Chief Financial Officer Robert Krolik. Yelp estimates that 90% of its business will eventually be comprised of promoted posts from the businesses that are reviewed on the site, which are more similar to a native ad than a traditional display ad.

Meanwhile, LinkedIn Chief Financial Officer Steven Sordello reported a 30% year-over-year decline in display-ad revenue in its most recent quarter and announced plans to shift away from offering display and more toward product areas that leverage its user data, such as recruiting services and annual subscriptions. A spokesperson told MarketWatch that the company is not ditching display altogether, but dedicating a smaller percentage of overall marketing solutions to it than historically.

As consumers increasingly access online properties through mobile apps, data tracker eMarketer is forecasting a deceleration of annual U.S. display growth over the next few years -- to 13.5% in 2018 from 25.6% in 2014.

eMarketer

But the push away from display isn t universal across all of social, and is, in fact, expected to flourish among sites like Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% that have massive user bases and high engagement numbers. The market is being buoyed by large swaths of personal data that make display ads smarter, and by programmatic advertising software programs that make it easier to buy and sell ads.

 I don t think display is going away, I think it s reinventing itself,  said Will Margiloff, CEO of cloud-based marketing platform company IgnitionOne.

Facebook already holds the largest percentage of display-ad revenues at around 24%, according to eMarketer, while Twitter is expected to surpass Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% in display revenues this year.

While Facebook and Twitter have been experimenting with new, more engaging mobile ads, they are also learning to more intelligently leverage user data -- and eMarketer predicts that the two will increase their share of total display spend to 33% by 2017 from a projected 30% in 2015.

It makes sense that display would flourish on these types of highly-trafficked sites, as CPMs, or the price per 1,000 ad impressions on one webpage, make the most sense if a publisher has a huge volume and reach, said Hannu Verkasalo, CEO at digital ad company Verto Analytics.

 With data and technology so pervasive now, growth rate for display is actually quite strong,  said Tim Waddell, director of product marketing for Adobe Advertising Solutions. This Classic Luxury Watch Comes With an Apple Watch Attached (Nico Gerard)

Not yet sold on the idea of swapping out your luxury timepiece for an Apple Watch? What if we told you that you could have both on the same wrist?

The newly announced Nico Gerard Pinnacle line of watches offers a luxurious NG watch on the top of its bracelet and a small Apple Watch buckled to its flip side. The advancement means you can finally enjoy the old and the new in one wearable   though walking around with one of these gaudy things may cost you more cool points than you re willing to part with.

(Video by Nico Gerard/GIF by Yahoo Tech)



The Pinnacle watch variants start at $9,300 and top out at a $112,000 gold model. The less expensive steel versions come with a steel Apple Watch; naturally the gold Pinnacle comes packaged with a gold Apple Watch Edition.

Cue up the  I Spent One Month With an Apple Watch Strapped to My Regular Watch  stories.

Via: Mashable

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Apple Falls Below Its 200-Day Moving Average for First Time Since 2013 The bull market s base just lost another brick.

To the collapse in breadth and falling earnings, add a correction in Apple Inc. to the list of concerns facing investors. The iPhone maker has slipped 13 percent since hitting an all-time high in February, entering correction territory on Monday and dropping below another chart threshold, its 200-day moving average, for the first time since 2013.

It s good news for neither Apple bulls nor the larger market, where the stock makes up 3.7 percent of the Standard & Poor s 500 Index and 13 percent of the Nasdaq 100 Index. Shares of the Cupertino, California-based company have fallen 10 of the last 11 days.

 Any time you get that type of a market leader with that big of a following, it is disconcerting to see it break trend,  said Peter Sorrentino, a Cincinnati-based fund manager at Huntington Asset Advisors Inc., which oversees $1.8 billion including Apple shares.  It is a popular stock and it had to lose speed, but for the broader market it makes one wonder if we are staring down a price correction. 

Latest Blow

Apple fell 1.8 percent to $116.27, a six-month low, at 9:55 a.m. in New York. The S&P 500 was little changed at 2,099.05.

The iPhone maker s shares had spent 471 sessions above the 200-day threshold, last falling below it in September 2013. It entered a correction territory today after coming within 40 cents of one on July 9 before rallying.

Apple s latest decline is another blow to U.S. equities, which have struggled to break out of a 90-point range since February as market leadership has thinned. Apple s stock has been responsible for more of the S&P 500 s bull market gains than any other stock, with its 10-fold increase accounting for 5.3 percent of the run since March 2009.

The last time Apple slipped more than 10 percent was in December during a decline that lasted 13 days. The S&P 500 dropped 4.8 percent over the stretch before rallying to fresh records at the end of the month.

Apple s latest drop began on July 21, as the stock recorded its steepest post-earnings tumble since January 2013 after disappointing iPhone sales rekindled concerns over whether the company can keep making must-have products. While Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has succeeded in introducing an entirely new category with the Apple Watch, sales remain modest, indicating that Apple will have to keep relying on the iPhone to fuel growth.

Losses in Chinese equities, where almost $4 trillion was erased from June to July, may leave consumers with less money to buy gadgets in a market Cook expects to become Apple s biggest. Apple got 17.4 percent of its revenue from China in its last full-year reporting period, Bloomberg data show.

Punished Companies

For a large stock such as Apple breaking down,  it would give any investors a cause of concern,  said Albert Brenner, who helps manage $5.6 billion as director of asset allocation strategy at People s United Bank Wealth Management in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

At the same time,  the market has held up while Apple is trading down,  he said.  Investors have to come to terms with if it reflects a change in either market sentiment or company fundamentals, or both. 

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

This earnings season has been less than an overwhelming success for S&P 500 technology firms, ravaged by a strong U.S. dollar and the decline in personal-computer demand. They ve beaten analysts  earnings estimates at a 71 percent pace so far in the season, data compiled by Bloomberg show. The rate is lower than for the entire S&P 500 -- at 74 percent -- with notable misses including Yahoo! Inc. and Oracle Corp.

Technology companies whose results impressed investors have carried the S&P 500 to a 2.5 percent gain since its earnings season unofficially began July 8. Amazon.com Inc., Google Inc. and Netflix Inc. have jumped more than 22 percent since then.

In the Nasdaq 100, companies have swung up or down an average of more than 5 percent immediately after reporting results in the past three weeks, the highest since 2012, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Those that disappointed investors tumbled 4.8 percent while those pleasing them gained 5.3 percent, according to data through the end of last week.

Apple  has had an incredible run over the last several years and the earnings were mildly disappointing to some people, so there were some extreme momentum players that used that as an excuse to lighten up,  said Marshall Front, the Chicago-based chief investment officer at Front Barnett Associates LLC.  We ve been in a correction of sorts so it s not surprising that even the strongest companies with the brightest prospects can get nixed.  
2015-01-03
Weekly Tech Highlights: Apple Watch Sales Potential, A New Yahoo Rumor & More A new year and a new slate of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) headlines.

The Cupertino, California-based tech giant is ready to bring Apple Pay to more locations -- including those outside of the United States.

Apple could also dominate the wearable tech space even if only a small fraction of iPhone users purchase an Apple Watch.

On a less positive note, Apple's Touch ID was bypassed by hackers who used a very simple technique. The company is also being sued over storage issues relating to iOS 8.

And in news that has nothing to do with Apple, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is rumored to be exploring the possibility of buying a pay-TV company.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this slideshow.

Posted-In: Apple Apple Pay Chevron iOS 8 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 ThanxTech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-02-26
Yahoo's Strategy Behind Launch Of New Mobile Developer Suite Yahoo! announced last week a new mobile developer suite at its first mobile developer conference. The suite for developers is designed to help developers measure, advertise, monetize and enhance their mobile apps. This suite reaffirms Yahoo's commitment to its growth businesses - mobile, social, native and video. Yahoo hopes that through this effort it will be able to attract more mobile developers for its properties. so as to foster greater mobile usage of its sites. Developers are to create more apps and attract more users to its site through an improvement in user experience. Yahoo aims to further tap into the mobile ad industry, which is expected to grow to $40 billion by 2019. In this note, we will explore the latest offering, and how it will help Yahoo to boost its revenues.

Click here to see our full analysis of Yahoo

Why Is Yahoo Targeting Mobile Developers?

Since Marissa Mayer took over the company in 2012, the company has been focusing on improving user experience and increasing user count on the mobile vertical. Despite these efforts, developers have been developing apps and content for Yahoo's properties. The primary reason for this has been that Yahoo has paid little attention to the needs of the marketers that advertise across its properties. As a result, the company has failed to monetize its properties effectively. This is reflected in company's results, which have remained flat over the past few quarters.

According to Forester, mobile advertising in the U.S. will total $40 billion by 2019. eMarketer estimates that online mobile ad spending in 2014 was at $18.99 billion. In order to capitalize on this trend, Yahoo launched the unified ad market place for mobile search and native display advertising in February last year. The seamless integration of mobile search with native display ads, which look and act just like the other stories on the page but are marked as ads, not only enhances user experience but can also boost revenue per pageview, as higher engagement leads to increases in pageviews. According to eMarketer, Yahoo is all set to capture over a billion dollar worth of revenues from mobile vertical in 2015, which is on par with the expected market share of Twitter (in the U.S.). Currently, we expect Yahoo's display ad revenues to increase to $1.8 billion and search ads to grow to $1.6 billion by 2021. If Yahoo can capture a good chunk of mobile ads through its ads and development efforts, then its ad revenues can be significantly higher in the future.

The Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite

The suite integrates Yahoo, Flurry and BrightRoll Technology, and creates services for mobile developers to advertise, monetize and enhance their Apps. The suite includes:

Flurry Analytics with Explorer   The Flurry Analytics Explorer introduces an easy-to-use data exploration interface that expedites analysis and lets developers leverage existing code for analysis.

  The Flurry Analytics Explorer introduces an easy-to-use data exploration interface that expedites analysis and lets developers leverage existing code for analysis. Yahoo App Publishing   Developers can also monetize their apps by deploying high-quality native, video and display ads using the combined capabilities of Yahoo Gemini, BrightRoll and Flurry. This combination offers developers the capability to seamlessly integrate ads and improve experience for users.

  Developers can also monetize their apps by deploying high-quality native, video and display ads using the combined capabilities of Yahoo Gemini, BrightRoll and Flurry. This combination offers developers the capability to seamlessly integrate ads and improve experience for users. Yahoo App Marketing - By leveraging Yahoo Gemini, developers can buy and sell targeted native and video advertising across Yahoo s network of premium content, including Tumblr. Yahoo App Marketing streamlines the experience as developers can use just one platform to gain exposure to Yahoo's active users across desktop, mobile and social.

- By leveraging Yahoo Gemini, developers can buy and sell targeted native and video advertising across Yahoo s network of premium content, including Tumblr. Yahoo App Marketing streamlines the experience as developers can use just one platform to gain exposure to Yahoo's active users across desktop, mobile and social. Yahoo Search in Apps   This offering makes integrating Yahoo Search directly into a developer's apps easy. This enhances the user experience by allowing users to search the web from within the app. It also can create an additional monetization channel for developers.

  This offering makes integrating Yahoo Search directly into a developer's apps easy. This enhances the user experience by allowing users to search the web from within the app. It also can create an additional monetization channel for developers. Flurry Pulse   Flurry Pulse makes it easy for developers to share app signals with partners using just the Flurry SDK and the click of a button. Pulse can help limit SDK proliferation and engineering work by pushing signals from your app to partners.

As we have stated earlier, content is the driving force behind ad revenues. Yahoo plans to empower developers with the capability to combine their apps and content with bespoke ads to improve user experience. This can not only improve user engagement but also boost mobile unique users. The number of unique visitors is vital for Yahoo's ad revenues as more people visiting the website generally translate into more pages viewed across Yahoo s websites. Currently, Yahoo's mobile monthly active user base stands at 575 million. If Yahoo's mobile monthly active user base were to increase by 50% by 2021, its revenues could be meaningfully higher. Better content and user engagement can also increase the time spent on the website and advertisers are willing to pay higher revenue per impression for these sites. Yahoo is ranked third in terms of time spent by a user on the website. We expect revenue per pageview for Yahoo to improve due to these efforts. Currently, we project RPM for Yahoo to increase to $1.10 per 1,000 impressions by 2021. However, if it were to increase to $1.50, our stock price would increase by 5%.

We have a $47.29 price estimate for Yahoo!, which is 7% above the current market price.

Understand How a Company's Products Impact its Stock Price at Trefis Betting On Yahoo Beyond The Alibaba Trade For several years, the market consensus has been that owning stock was only worthwhile as a backdoor way to access Chinese Internet giant . The necessity of that trade has diminished since Alibaba's September 2014 IPO, which allowed investors direct access, and one fund manager is going even further with an investment concentrated on Yahoo's core business without any exposure to its remaining stake in Jack Ma's e-commerce giant or .

After buying Yahoo shares and shorting Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, Appleseed Fund's Josh Strauss has what amounts to pure exposure to core Yahoo, which earned $1.25 billion in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization in 2014 but is being valued by the market at negative $1.5 billion. (The math: As of mid-February, Yahoo's stake in Alibaba was worth $33.9 billion and its Yahoo Japan holdings $4.2 billion, and the company had $5.7 billion in net cash on its balance sheet, for a sum of $43.8 billion, or $1.5 billion more than Yahoo's $42.3 billion market cap.)

Strauss, whose $265 million Chicago-based fund hunts for value around the globe, isn't trying to be a cheerleader for Yahoo or Marissa Mayer. He doesn't think that, freed from the yoke of its immensely valuable Alibaba stake, Yahoo will suddenly start growing like it did before the dotcom bubble burst. "This isn't a turnaround like Apple in 2001," he quips, "it's not going to become Google 2.0" he quips. He just finds it hard to believe that a collection of Internet assets generating over $1 billion in annual pre-tax earnings is worth less than nothing.

When Strauss and his colleagues first broke down Yahoo, they considered cases in which the value of its holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan were taxed at 40%, 15% and 0%. With the remainder of Alibaba likely to be tax-free given the spinoff plan Mayer announced last month, and the possibility of similar financial engineering with the Yahoo Japan stake, Strauss says his initial assumptions of a negative $1.5 billion value on core Yahoo could prove conservative, and the market may actually be assigning a valuation more like negative $5 billion.

So the bet isn't that Mayer will work some magic to turn what will suddenly replace the approximately $33 billion in market cap (at current prices) Yahoo will lose when it spins off Alibaba. To Strauss, the only bet is the company won't make any mistakes so drastic that a profitable business continues trading at a negative valuation. (See "Investors GetCore Yahoo For Free, But Is It Worth Anything?")

The argument that investors are getting core Yahoo for free (or less), isn't new. But most investors making the bet have done so using the Alibaba position, and to a lesser extent the company's stake in Yahoo Japan, as a backstop. Strauss's Appleseed Fund goes a step further, shorting shares of Alibaba and Yahoo Japan (listed in Japan) to wind up with a pure exposure to core Yahoo even before the company spins out its Alibaba stake sometime in the next 12 months.

Why strip out the that exposure at all though? To Strauss, it comes down to Alibaba's "stratospheric" multiple. "As a bottom-feeding value investor, it is hard to own Alibaba with that eye-popping valuation," he says. Owning Yahoo as a less expensive, albeit diluted, way into an Alibaba position is fine, but he likes dirt-cheap core Yahoo better.

"Even if it just trades for the cash on the balance sheet we'll make money," he says, though dollar signs practically dance in his eyes when he thinks about the prospect of Yahoo trading for 2-3 times EBITDA, let alone the 6 times EBITDA multiple that AOL enjoys despite operating a similar Internet property struggling with growth problems. In fact, he doesn't think a merger of Yahoo and AOL, as proposed by hedge fund Starboard Value, or a takeover of Yahoo by a company like will be off the table for long once the Alibaba spin is complete.

There have already been a few signs that the market is coming around a bit on core Yahoo. Presumably, if the only value in Yahoo was its Asian assets, the stock should have traded largely in lockstep with them since the Alibaba IPO in September. The reality has been quite different, with Yahoo shares up about 9% while Alibaba and Yahoo Japan have traded lower.

BABA data by YCharts

Strauss isn't alone in shorting Alibaba. According to Nasdaq data, short interest has risen from about 20.5 million shares Sept. 30 to more than 53 million shares in mid-February. "Borrowing has been growing and growing, with only an occasional blip," according to Karl Loomes of SunGard's Astec Analytics, which tracks securities lending. The steady drumbeat of short interest -- Astec says the number of shares borrowed is up 140% from October -- indicates a willing base of traders with a bearish take on the company, though the rising figures still amount to only 2% of the float.

As for concerns that Mayer will be frivolous with the cash on Yahoo's balance sheet, he's skeptical there's any major dealmaking ahead on the order of 2013's billion-dollar Tumblr buy. "She can't afford the good stuff, she doesn't have the currency," Strauss says. "Valuations are so extreme Yahoo can't compete with Facebook and Google for the best tech properties."

Again he comes back to the negative valuation he believe the market assigns to Yahoo's core business. "Good things happen to cheap stocks," he says, hardly a surprising sentiment from an investor whose firm quotes Warren Buffett mentor Benjamin Graham atop its most recent shareholder letter.

Even more apt may be an ensuing quote from legendary New York Yankees catcher Yogi Berra, "If you don't know where you're going, you might not get there."

Strauss knows where he's going with Yahoo --"our potential maximum rate of return is almost incalculable with a negative valuation," he says -- even if he's not quite sure how, or how fast, he'll get there.

Follow @SchaeferStreet 10 Nasdaq tech stocks expected to rise as much as 189% With the Nasdaq Composite Index close to its previous intraday record of 5,132.52, set 15 years ago, we ve been highlighting groups of stocks that may be of interest, including the 10 stocks pushing the index to a new high, the top-performing and cheapest stocks in the Nasdaq s hottest sector, and the best-performing Nasdaq tech stocks.

The Nasdaq COMP, -0.53% is up 4.9% this year, outperforming the S&P 500 SPX, -0.68% which is up 2.7%, as well as the S&P 400 Mid Cap Index MID, -1.11% which has risen 4.5%, and the S&P 600 Small Cap Index SML, -1.16% up 2.3%.

The Nasdaq tends to trade at a higher forward price-to-earnings ratio than the three main S&P indices. However, the S&P indices all trade at higher forward P/Es than they did 10 years ago. But the Nasdaq is trading for 18 times aggregate forward earnings estimates, lower than its forward P/E of 19.9 back in February 2005.

FactSet The Nasdaq chart looks strong, with the 20-day and 50-day moving averages on upward curves.

Analysts  favorite Nasdaq tech stocks

As a follow-up to our look at the Nasdaq s tech winners, we decided to list the tech names that analysts expect to rise the most over the next 12 months. We filtered the list a bit, limiting the stocks to those trading above a dollar a share, and to those covered by at least two sell-side analysts.

Here are the 10 Nasdaq tech stocks with the most upside potential, based on consensus price targets among analysts polled by FactSet and Tuesday s closing prices:

As you might expect for a group of small-cap growth stocks, most aren t expected by analysts to turn a profit this year or in 2016. Here are forward price-to-earnings ratios for the four companies above that are expected to show positive operating earnings next year:

Company Ticker Closing price - Feb. 24 Consensus 2016 EPS estimate Forward price to earnings ratio Daqo New Energy Corp. Sponsored ADR DQ, -1.68% $20.60 $6.45 3.2 iDreamSky Technology Ltd. Sponsored ADR Class A US:DSKY $11.32 $2.47 4.6 GigOptix Inc. GIG, -0.32% $1.15 $0.08 14.4 Ceragon Networks Ltd. CRNT, -0.63% $1.14 $0.19 6.1 Source: FactSet

This chart includes total returns for 2015 through Tuesday, as well as last year and longer periods, showing just how risky this group of tech stocks can be, and how important it is to do a whole lot of research on your own before jumping in:

A conservative list of Nasdaq tech favorites

There are 120 Nasdaq tech stocks with market capitalizations of more than $5 billion. Here are the 10 that analysts expect will rise the most over the next 12 months:

Here are forward price-to-earnings ratios for this group of mid-cap and large-cap Nasdaq tech stocks:

Here are total returns for the favored Nasdaq mid-cap and large-cap tech stocks: Is Yahoo's Rise In Search Market Share About To End? Another month, another gain for Yahoo in taking search share away from Google, thanks to Yahoo s partnership with Firefox. What s puzzling is that at this point, Yahoo should have already hit a  high water mark  for what that deal could produce. How s Yahoo still posting gains? And why does it seem like those gains might finally end? Let s explore.

A Deal With Firefox Boosts Yahoo Search

Yahoo and Firefox signed a deal last November to make Yahoo the default search engine for Firefox in the United States. Since Firefox has virtually no mobile share, the deal was most likely to produce desktop gains for Yahoo. That s certainly happened.

Every month since the deal, Firefox has posted increases as reported by comScore, which tracks desktop search share in the United States:

For December 2014, the first full month after the deal was signed, Yahoo saw a 1.6% increase in its search market share, all apparently taken directly from Google. For January 2015   figures that were just released this week   Yahoo gained a further 1.2% of share, almost all of which again seemed to come from Google s loss.

Below are desktop search share stats in the U.S. for last month, according to comScore, for the three largest search engines of Google, Bing and Yahoo. Next to the percentage is the gain or decrease compared to November 2014, before the Yahoo-Firefox deal went fully into effect:

Google: 64.4% (-2.6%)

Bing: 19.7% (+0.1%)

Yahoo: 13.0% (+2.8%)

As you can see, Yahoo has gained 2.8% of share versus Google s 2.6% of loss. While the loss is fairly minor for Google, it s a huge gain relatively speaking for Yahoo. Earlier in 2014, Yahoo dropped below a 10% search share for the first time that comScore has been tracking (over a decade), hitting an all-time low.

By the way, another service that measures search share also shows that Yahoo has posted gains. That s StatCounter:

The chart above shows how Yahoo has grown. It gained 2.1% in the first full month of the deal, December 2014. It gained 0.7% in the second month. The gains came mostly from Google.

Here s the desktop search share for the three largest search engines in the U.S. according to StatCounter, for January 2015. As I did with the comScore figures, gain or loss since November 2014 is also shown:

Google: 74.6% (-2.9%)

Bing: 12.6% (+0.2)

Yahoo: 10.7% (+2.8%)

StatCounter and comScore use different tracking methodologies and systems, which is why the overall percentages don t agree. But notice the change. Both have Yahoo gaining share at about the same amount that Google has lost.

Why The Yahoo  Tide  Kept Rising

Here s the puzzle. It s not a surprise that Yahoo saw the first month of initial gains. Suddenly, millions of Firefox users were flipped over to using Yahoo instead of Google as Firefox s built-in search provider. But a second month of gain is surprising.

This is because by January   the deal s second full month   everyone who could have been switched to Yahoo had been switched. That s the  high water mark  I mentioned. There were no millions of more Firefox users to convert to Yahoo through the deal, since they d already been switched. In addition, there were some signs that Yahoo s share might slip because of Firefox users who might  switchback  to Google.

Despite this, the Yahoo tide has kept rising. What s been pulling it higher? One likely candidate is that Yahoo s promotion of Firefox is working to help the browser grow share, which in turn means more people using Yahoo when they search through Firefox.

How Yahoo Boosts Firefox

Yahoo has been promoting Firefox as a browser people should use since the deal went live. You can still see this happening at Yahoo today, if you visit the Yahoo home page, which has millions of visitors per day:

If this has been helping Firefox to grow share, we should see that reflected in some browser usage stats. While comScore doesn t have those to share (we did ask), long-standing service StatCounter does. Those stats show that Firefox had a strong uptick from 13.6% of desktop share in the United States in December 2014 to 16.5% in January 2015:

Perhaps other things have helped Firefox grow beyond Yahoo s promotion. Still, it appears one of the major factors.

Similarly, there could be other factors pushing Yahoo s second month of gains. However, for me, the idea that Yahoo got a second boost by helping Firefox gain share seems a leading candidate.

No More Gains & Switchback Happening?

Google eventually reacted to Yahoo s gains with a campaign to encourage Firefox users to switch back to Google, which began in January. So far, that hasn t seemed to hurt Yahoo much. Instead, Yahoo s real challenge to keep growing might be if Firefox itself hits a high water mark in terms of how much Yahoo can boost its share.

At some point, all the visitors to Yahoo s home page who are likely to change to Firefox will have been exposed to the promotion. If so, Yahoo should see a leveling off of its share. But maybe Yahoo will continue to grow Firefox usage further and help its own search share in turn.

We won t get comScore s stats for February 2015 until the entire month is over and data processed, which is likely by mid-March. But StatCounter shows data for all of February that s already happened. That data suggests that the high water mark has been reached and that Yahoo may now be losing due to switchback:

The change is so slight that the chart barely shows it. But here s the change from January 2015 to what s tallied for February 2015 so far:

Google: 74.9% (+0.3%)

Bing: 12.6% (no change)

Yahoo: 10.4% (-0.3%)

Unlike in the previous two months, Yahoo s shown no substantial gains. Instead, it s showing a small loss   a loss that s in the same amount that Google has gained.

The lack of a big gain suggests that the high water mark in terms of new users for both Yahoo and Firefox due to their deal has been reached. There are no further massive numbers of people using Firefox that can be switched from Google to Yahoo. Nor are there further massive numbers of Yahoo visitors who can be convinced to change to Firefox (indeed, StatCounter reflects a slight drop for Firefox usage so far in February).

The small loss is also interesting. The only good reason for such a drop is people switching back from Yahoo to Google. This suggests a potential switchback cost to Yahoo of 0.3% per month. Of course, we don t have a full month yet. These are also only stats from one tracking service. One month also might not predict what may happen in following months. But it may be that Yahoo will slowly see some of its gains erode over the coming months, until a low water mark is reached where all those who want to switchback have.

The Mobile Factor

Another important thing to keep in mind is that mobile traffic has been missing from comScore and StatCounter stats that we and others have been covering. comScore doesn t report on mobile search usage. StatCounter does, but the figures it has provided through press releases have omitted mobile (though tablet and console traffic is combined with desktop).

Mobile traffic is crucial these days, if you want to understand true search market share. Last year, Google suggested nearly half of its searches came through mobile. We asked Google about this again last month, if it had finally tipped. The company wouldn t say. But it s reasonable to assume that it s nearly half-and-half, at this point.

Fortunately, you can get mobile-only figures from StatCounter if you change some settings. Here s the mobile trend:

For mobile, Google s not losing share. It s actually picked up about 1% of share from Yahoo since November. This means when you combine mobile with desktop, tablet and console traffic, Google s dip against Yahoo is less dramatic than the desktop-only view. Here s the combined trend:

Before the deal was fully in place, Google had a 79.8% share for November 2014, for combined search traffic across all devices. That s dropped to 78.6% for January 2015   a loss of 1.2% overall (which Yahoo has mostly gained). That drop isn t as dramatic as the desktop-only figures covered above, which have Google losing nearly 3% of share and Yahoo gaining about the same, since the deal happened.

The Coming Apple Decision

There s no question that the Firefox deal has been a winner for Yahoo in rapidly building up notable share. But it s unclear whether those gains will continue into a third month. As for Google, its losses are real. But they aren t as deep when a complete traffic picture that includes mobile is considered. There are also signs that Google might slowly regain some of the share it lost to Yahoo in the coming months.

Of course, everything may change dramatically when Apple s deal to use Google as default in Safari expires, as is expected in the next few months. A switch by Apple to Bing, Yahoo or perhaps something new like Siri as a search engine would bring a big gain for those services and a large, though not crippling, loss for Google. A renewal of Google would leave that service safe as the largest in the U.S. 
2015-05-15
Yahoo Is An Attractive Opportunity For Value Investors  The Apple Scam That Made a Man $43000   and Then Got Him Arrested (Image: Reuters)

Poor Apple. First, tech writers say they are disappointed in the Apple Watch, and now the richest tech giant on the planet is being scammed by 20-somethings from England.

According to The Daily Mirror, a U.K. man has been charged with fraud after he was caught exploiting a loophole in Apple s iPhone repair and replacement program   to the tune of $43,000.

Edward Hornsey, 24, is alleged to have set up a nice little scheme for himself in which he would buy used iPhones online and send them to Apple s replace or repair service, which would in turn send him brand-new replacement phones.

Hornsey would then sell the replacement phones at a profit, thus getting away with a totally legitimate plan that hurt absolutely no one. Except for, you know, the people whose stolen phones Hornsey purchased online then used in his scam.

This selfie is criminal. (Image: The Daily Mirror)

Yep, it turns out that in addition to abusing a loophole in Apple s service, Hornsey would purchase stolen iPhones and send them to Apple for new ones.

Honrsey knew the phones were hot because, police say, he checked the phones against the U.K. s National Mobile Property Register to see whether the devices had been lost or stolen.

Despite that, police say, he sent the phones to Apple, which prosecutors say amounted to Hornsey laundering stolen phones through Apple.

The stolen phones, though, ended up being Hornsey s downfall, as one of the phones he tried to sell was eventually linked to a burglary.

When all was said and done, Hornsey amassed a small fortune of $43,000. Of course, he was hardly the best fraudster. In fact, he ran his entire enterprise out of his parents  home and deposited all of his ill-gotten gains into his own bank account.

As the prosecutor in the case pointed out,  If people like you were completely honest, fewer mobile phones would be stolen. 

Here s the thing, though. Ever since Apple added a  kill switch  to the iPhone in 2013, phone thefts have dropped precipitously. In fact, in London, iPhone thefts have fallen by as much as half, according to Reuters.

Thefts in cities including San Francisco and New York have see similar drop-offs, with the former seeing a 40 percent decrease in stolen iPhones, and the later reporting a 25 percent decrease.

Kill switches work by letting you lock your iPhone from your iCloud account. Once your phone is locked, it can t be unlocked or reset without your iCloud username and password. Without unlocking the iPhone, it s practically worthless to thieves.

All of that is to say the scam that Hornsey was running will soon be much more difficult to pull off.

via: The Daily Mirror



Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at@DanielHowley or on Google+.

 University of Arizona forces Ohio HS to change logo The University of Arizona is making a small Ohio high school change its logo. It has every right to, considering UA holds the trademark on the "A" used in the logo. Regardless, the Ohio community is upset.

 (Arizona is) 2000 miles away,  Kerri Ferguson, who works at Main Street Treasures and a Plain City memorabilia store, said to the local ABC station.  What do they care for a little farm community and a very small school? 

Jonathan Alder (Plain City, Ohio) High School's logo uses black instead of the blue used by UA, and it's used the logo for years without a problem, according to a statement posted on its website.

Jonathan Alder High School logo More

After being tipped off by a licensing company based in Atlanta, the university sent the school a cease-and-desist letter.

The high school admins tried to negotiate with the university, to no avail. And so, the search is on for a new logo. The statement shows that there is already an existing Alder "A" - so the search really shouldn't take all that long. Why that one wasn't used in the logo is not clear.

JAHS is hardly the first school to be hit with a cease-and-desist from a distant university or college. Penn State issued one to a high school in Texas, Notre Dame sent one to New Mexico, University of Texas sent one to Kansas, and on and on. Some universities have sent letters to as many as 50 high schools, according to an article in High School Today.

JAHS will continue using any uniforms that include the logo, but any future uniforms will have to sport a new logo.

High school is supposed to be an educational experience. The town might not be happy, but the students are definitely learning the nuances of trademark law.

________________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. 
2015-02-19
Marissa Mayer says Yahoo has transformed into mobile-first company For Yahoo these days, it s all about mobile.

At its first-ever mobile developers conference Thursday, the Sunnyvale, Calif., tech company shared some impressive stats about the growth of its app business. In the last two years, Yahoo has increased its internal mobile apps team to 500 people from 50; last year, its mobile gross revenue reached $1.2 billion.

 Over the past few years we ve really reinvented our business with a mobile focus,  Chief Executive Marissa Mayer told attendees.  The opportunity here is huge. 

Mayer, speaking to a crowd of more than 1,000 developers and journalists at the Masonic in San Francisco, noted that the average smartphone user in the U.S. spends 177 minutes on his or her device daily, 88% of that time on mobile apps.

 Mobile apps have won,  she said.  You ve made the right choice. 

Now Yahoo wants to help  move mobile forward  for its users, developers and advertisers. To that end, it introduced a new mobile developer suite of services designed to help developers measure, advertise, monetize and enhance their mobile apps.

Among the new tools is mobile ad network Yahoo App Publishing. Developers can use the resource to integrate native ads from Yahoo s Gemini marketplace and video ads from its BrightRoll video ad platform subsidiary into their apps.

There's also a new offering that enables developers to integrate Yahoo Search directly into their apps, so users can search the Web within an app.

Mayer encouraged developers to take advantage of the app technologies, including its mobile management and analytics tool Flurry, which Yahoo purchased in July for more than $200 million. There are now 200,000 mobile app developers who have built 630,000 apps on the Flurry platform.



 We want to help you take your apps from being great apps into being great businesses,  Mayer said.

Follow Andrea Chang on Twitter. GRIND: 2 ATHs visiting [rl]

Pigrome, 5-foot-11 and 180 pounds, had planned to visit Georgia on Saturday, but instead will be in Auburn..

"I changed my mind because I feel more comfortable at Auburn," Pigrome said. "I like their offense, and I've been talking to (area recruiter) Coach Rodney (Garner). He invited me to visit Saturday, so I'll be there."

The biggest reason for his visit change is the interest he's been receiving from Auburn. Pigrome doesn't have an offer from Auburn, but he hopes that changes soon.

"(Coach Garner) told me they liked me a lot, and they have told my coach the same thing," Pigrome said. "I'm going to go down there and see what they say, hopefully get an offer. I want to have a good time, but mostly I want to talk to the coaches."

As a junior, Pigrome, an All-State selection, led Clay to a 6A state title completing 67 percent of his passes for 2,692 yards. He also rushed for 1,254 yards and scored 61 total touchdowns, including five in the state championship win over Saraland.

Pigrome, who is being recruited to Auburn as an athlete, claims offers from Troy, Arkansas State, MTSU, South Alabama and Southern Miss, and is receiving interest from Auburn and Purdue, among others.

Pinson (Ala.) Valley receiver Desmond Williams is scheduled to travel with Pigrome to Auburn on Saturday. Pigrome's teammate, receiver T.J. Simmons is planning to visit Georgia.

Pigrome's video highlights...

***********

Another in-state athlete is planning to visit Auburn on Saturday.

Leeds three-star TaDarryl Marshall , who recently picked up an offer from Alabama, will be on the Tigers' campus.

"I talked to (area recruiter) Will Muschamp earlier this week and he wanted me to come down Saturday for a visit," Marshall said. "I'm going down with a couple of my teammates. I'm looking forward to it. I want to talk to the coaches."

Auburn has not offered Marshall, who is 6-foot and 175 pounds, but the Tigers are considering it.

"They are looking at me at quarterback, but said I could also play receiver," Marshall said.

Marshall received the offer from Alabama in January, and now has offers from Alabama, Cincinnati, Georgia Tech, Memphis, Louisville, Alabama State, Samford, Western Kentucky, Southern Miss and Navy. Auburn, Tennessee and Kentucky, among others, are showing heavy interest.

As a junior, Marshall led Leeds to the 4A state championship. He rushed for 1,376 yards and passed for 1,252 yards, completing 68 percent of his attempts.

Marshall's teammate, three-star running back Tre Nation , also plans to make the trip to Auburn on Saturday.

Marshall's video highlights... 
2015-08-07
Kim Kardashian drug endorsement may break Canadian law: experts Kim Kardashian s latest advertising deal not only made a splash among her nearly 42 million Instagram followers, it may also have contravened Canada s direct-to-consumer drug advertising laws.



Two weeks ago, Kardashian posted a photo of herself to the social media site holding a small white bottle of pills. Diclegis   known as Diclectin in Canada   is made by Montreal-based Duchesnay Inc. and is the world s most prescribed morning sickness drug used to treat nausea and vomiting during pregnancy.

 OMG. Have you heard about this? As you guys know my #morningsickness has been pretty bad. I tried changing things about my lifestyle, like my diet, but nothing helped, so I talked to my doctor. He prescribed me #Diclegis, I felt a lot better and most importantly, it s been studied and there was no increased risk to the baby  

Kardashian writes that she s partnered with Duchesnay USA to help  raise awareness about treating morning sickness,  and urges her followers to ask their doctor about  the pill with the pregnant woman on it. 

 It s hard to imagine a more clear violation of Canadian law,  says Matthew Herder, associate professor in the faculties of Medicine and Law at Dalhousie University.  In this country so-called  reminder ads    where a drug is named, but its purpose isn t   are technically legal. But ads that mention both the drug and its purpose are illegal. That s what the Kardashian Instagram post does: it says the drug name and says what it s for. So it s hard to see how this doesn t run afoul of Canadian law. 

Tim Caulfield, Canada Chair for Health Law and Policy at the University of Alberta and author of the recently published Is Gwyneth Paltrow Wrong About Everything?: When Celebrity Culture and Science Clash, agrees.

 From the direct-to-consumer advertising perspective, I don t know how this will fit with existing regulations, not just in Canada but around the world,  he says.  Really only the U.S. and New Zealand allow direct-to-consumer drug advertising. 

 It s a logical evolution to see social media used as a marketing tool, so I m not surprised,  adds Caulfield.  It will be interesting to see how Health Canada responds. There has already been some concern that they don t fully [enforce] the ban; there are some things they let through. This whole situation highlights, at a minimum, the need for more clarity. 



Diclectin, which has been prescribed in Canada since 1983, is the only drug approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat nausea and vomiting in pregnancy.

A time-release tablet made up of Vitamin B6 and an antihistamine called doxylamine, it was approved for sale in the U.S. under the name Diclegis in April 2013. Not long after, Duchesnay USA received a warning from the FDA for failing to include any risk information in a letter about the drug sent to doctors.

The pharmaceutical maker has also seen some bad press at home. In April, the Toronto Star published an investigative feature outlining Dr. Nav Persaud s three-and-a-half year battle with Duchesnay Inc. and Health Canada for basic clinical information on the drug.

The largest study done that supports the use of Diclectin in pregnancy was published in 1997 and co-authored by Dr. Gideon Koren, the founder of SickKids  Motherisk.



In 2013, Dr. Persaud published a re-analysis of the Motherisk trial that called into question some of the study s findings.

Ray Chepesiuk, commissioner of the Pharmaceutical Advertising Advisory Board, told the National Post that Health Canada should get involved, and that he believes Duchesnay Inc. is indeed infringing on Canadian regulations.

Professor Herder says,  I hope current law gets enforced in this case and, as part and parcel of doing so, all the information the Canadian regulator has about Diclectin s safety and effectiveness should be made public. In the medium to longer term, a fundamental rethink of how we regulate pharmaceutical advertising is needed. 

When contacted, a spokesman from Health Canada promised to look into the issue and respond via email. At the time of posting, no information had yet been received.



A spokeswoman from Duchesnay USA said the company was not prepared to comment on non-U.S. direct-to-consumer prescription-drug advertising laws, and Duchesnay Inc. spokeswoman also declined to speak with Yahoo Canada News. 
2015-11-04
Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Says Listening to Employees Is Job No. 1 When Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer announced an end to the company's work-from-home policy in early 2013 , she was met with sharp criticism for taking away her employees' flexibility.

Though she has since publicly defended her decision, Mayer reiterated that physically putting people together better fosters collaboration and creativity during Fortune 's Global Forum conference on Tuesday.

When asked by Fortune assistant managing editor Adam Lashinsky whether it was an attempt to make a statement about management styles or work environments, Mayer explained that the policy was simply what Yahoo ( yhoo ) needed at the time. The policy also emerged out of feedback she had gotten from some of her employees, and Mayer felt compelled to act on it.

"Good executives confuse themselves when they convince themselves that they do things,  she recalled Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt once telling her about the art of leadership. Instead, Mayer believes she needs to listen to her teams and remove any obstacles as they work to achieve the company's goals.

That policy aside, Mayer has generally brought additional perks and employee-friendly policies to the company, such as giving fitness trackers and free meals to employees, a move very clearly inspired by Google's ( goog ) own culture, where she was an early employee and executive before joining Yahoo.

On the subject of supporting employees, Marc Benioff, who co-founded and heads business software giant Salesforce ( crm ) , shared that his company has spent roughly $3 million this year to adjust the salaries of its female employees to match that of their male counterparts. With the subject of gender diversity and equality being top of mind in Silicon Valley in recent times, Salesforce and Benioff made a commitment this year to make sure its female employees are paid the same as men.

Subscribe to Data Sheet , Fortune s daily newsletter on the business of technology.

For more about Yahoo, watch this Fortune video: Laith Murad Joins PIRCH As Chief Marketing Officer SAN DIEGO, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- PIRCH, the leading purveyor of luxury appliances for kitchen, bath and outdoor, announced today the appointment of Laith J. Murad to the newly created position of Chief Marketing Officer. This appointment significantly supports the rapid growth of the PIRCH brand in the affluent kitchen, bath and outdoor space as it expands beyond its eight current locations nationwide into new markets, including the unveiling of an East Coast flagship in SoHo, slated for May 2016.

In his new role, Mr. Murad is responsible for overseeing the growing awareness of the PIRCH brand and its offerings. He will have customer growth and retention strategies, public relations, events, creative and digital departments reporting to him. He will report directly to Jeffery R. Sears, CEO.

Mr. Murad joins PIRCH from Yahoo Inc., where he was Vice President, Marketing focused on growth strategies, as well as customer acquisition and retention. During his three year tenure, he received the "Excellence Award" in 2014 for outstanding individual performance, and was awarded the peer nominated Super Star in 2013 for creating "The Daily Yahoo", a personalized daily mail that reaches 40M users. Previously, Mr. Murad began his professional career at Neiman Marcus, starting as an assistant buyer, then moved into Marketing, where he managed the InCircle loyalty program focusing on partnerships, financial plans, and growth strategies. He spent 9 years at Brierley + Partners, as an SVP of Strategy leading loyalty and CRM initiatives for many retailers, including Bloomingdale's, American Eagle Outfitters, Nike, Men's Wearhouse, JCPenney, GameStop, and more. Laith is a member of the Board of Directors at the Direct Marketing Association.

"We are pleased to warmly welcome Laith to our PIRCH family," said co-founder and CEO Jeffery R. Sears. "We are confident that his strong combination of strategic and operating experience in marketing management and customer development, along with his digital and social media expertise in the consumer sector, developed throughout his career at Yahoo, will serve our mission in the expansion of PIRCH as we look to our future growth goals in achieving industry leadership."

"I am delighted to be joining PIRCH at such an exciting and explosive time in this brand's history," commented Mr. Murad. "I have always appreciated companies that are focused on delivering an elevated shopping experience to its guests, and PIRCH has broken new ground in the appliance, plumbing, and outdoor sales industry. We are providing a unique environment for guests, designers and the trade where they can come and get inspired, try the products before they buy them, with prices that are the same as our competition. I look forward to identifying new ways for PIRCH to reach the consumer audience and deepen its relationships within the industry."

Scott Dahnke, Managing Partner at Catterton, investors in PIRCH, commented "Laith brings considerable complimentary skills and expertise to PIRCH from his background in the consumer arena and recent years at Yahoo leading digital and marketing growth initiatives. As we look to build the digital platform and customer acquisition strategies, and continue to further develop the awareness of PIRCH as one of the country's leading innovators in retail, Laith will spearhead the overall marketing strategy as it expands across all platforms and add to the very strong executive leadership team in place."

Mr. Murad earned an M.B.A with a concentration on Consumer Behavior and Strategy from Southern Methodist University and a B.B.A. from University of Wisconsin   Madison. Mr. Murad will be based at PIRCH headquarters in San Diego.

About PIRCH

KITCHEN. BATH. OUTDOOR. JOY.

PIRCH was founded in 2009 by a group of seasoned entrepreneurs and business leaders who set out to prove that shopping for appliances and plumbing products could be inspirational. Now in the midst of a national expansion, the award-winning store has redefined not only an industry, but retail at large.

Driven by an unbridled passion to reinvent the entire retail shopping experience, PIRCH carefully curates and presents only "best of class" brands for indoor- and outdoor kitchens, the laundry room and the bath. The result is a "one-stop-shop" where guests can focus on what they want to do, rather than what they want to buy.

In an unparalleled commitment to a seamless shopping experience, PIRCH inspires first its customers to dream   and then boldly goes where its competitors fear to tread; indeed, the company manages the entire process, including delivery, installation and service by PIRCH team members.

Fostering a culture of hospitality and kindness, PIRCH welcomes entering visitors at Bliss Caf , with complimentary signature beverages. Guests are then invited to embark upon an endless journey of inspired living. From design ideas to culinary instruction, the PIRCH experience is best described as magical. For more information visit www.PIRCH.com.

SOURCE PIRCH 
2015-11-21
Yahoo's board suddenly has a big, looming problem and it could mean the end of ... The next big fight could soon be coming to Yahoo's boardroom.

And this time it could mean the end of the line for Marissa Mayer's tenure as Yahoo's CEO.

Over the last few weeks, the news surrounding Yahoo has been bad.

On Wednesday, SunTrust analyst Bob Peck wrote about a doomsday scenario for the company's tax-free Alibaba spin-off in which Yahoo actually loses money.

On Thursday, activist hedge fund Starboard Value wrote a letter to Yahoo's board arguing that it shouldn't pursue its planned spin-off of a 15% stake in Alibaba but should instead spin out the company's core business.

Starboard's argument, in short, is that Yahoo's planned spin-off is simply too risky and no longer has shareholder support. As a result, Starboard believes Yahoo must change its strategic direction.

In a conversation Friday morning, Peck told Business Insider that indications from Starboard's letter are pretty clear: Starboard will seek some sort of board representation, or perhaps nominate an entirely new slate of directors, if the board remains unresponsive to their suggestions.

As it currently stands, no indications from Yahoo have suggested the company is rethinking its Alibaba spin-off plan.

One Yahoo investor told us that the board and Yahoo's management team appear not to be thinking about this as owners of the company   and therefore stewards of shareholder capital   but as a management team that simply wants to keep itself in place.

In other words, this investor sees Yahoo's board in something resembling self-preservation mode rather than acting in the best interests of the company over the long term.

This is how the company got here.

The Alibaba bull case

Back in 2011, hedge funder Dan Loeb began accumulating a stake in Yahoo and argued that the company's primary goal should be to unlock the value of the Alibaba stake.

And as chronicled in Nicholas Carlson's book, "Marissa Mayer and the Fight to Save Yahoo," Loeb basically got the market to see things his way, installed then-Google executive Marissa Mayer in the top spot, then sold his stake in the company for a big gain.

Since then, the bull case on Yahoo has been all about a belief that Yahoo would be able to effectively unlock the value of that Alibaba stake at a big gain to shareholders. Additionally, this sort of "free money" embedded in Yahoo stock would allow a new management team to make changes to turn the company around under the cover an stock price appreciating due to external factors.

But this now seems to be in doubt.

Bob Peck at SunTrust wrote what was effectively a letter to the board on November 13 asking if now might be the right time for major change at the company. Said another way, Peck wondered if now is the time for CEO Marissa Mayer, who has held the top spot at Yahoo since July 2012, to go.

On Thursday, Forbes' Miguel Helft published an investigation into the current state of the company that asked, among other things, if Mayer may be in her last days at the company.

"Things have become so dire that some insiders are speculating that Mayer will throw in the towel and look for a graceful exit perhaps using the birth of her twins, expected around the New Year, as a reason to step down," Helft wrote, adding, "Others say that's nonsense and that Mayer will continue to fight, as long as the board keeps her on the job."

But aside from questions about the continued viability of Mayer's tenure, also hanging over the company is its planned tax free spin-off of a 15% stake in Alibaba, the Chinese ecommerce giant that went public in the US last year to much fanfare.

Back in May, Yahoo shares got creamed after investors got jittery following commentary from an IRS official that suggested the "tax free" part of Yahoo's plans around its Alibaba holding might be under review.

And Peck told Business Insider on Friday that Starboard's letter has now brought the risks surrounding Yahoo's plans for its Alibaba holdings into the public view and that now, at a minimum, the board will be forced to justify sticking to its plan.

Yahoo did not respond to a request for comment on this story.

Proxy fight?

At the end of its letter, Starboard makes it clear that a proxy fight for board seats could be coming, writing that, "we expect the shareholders' interest to remain of paramount importance and will look to make significant changes to the Board if you continue to make decisions that destroy shareholder value."

Earlier this year, Yahoo avoided a proxy fight with Starboard, which in September 2014 argued that Yahoo and AOL should merge. (AOL was later acquired by Verizon.)

Eric Jackson, a prominent Yahoo shareholder, wrote for The Street in April that basically, it seemed Starboard couldn't win over shareholders who had seen the stock go from $15 to $44 under Mayer.

But with shares closing near $33 on Friday, that argument could now potentially be more winnable for Starboard. And with the Alibaba stake looking more risky, this argument is potentially worth fighting harder for.

The IRS problem

The issue surrounding the Alibaba spin-off right now is whether Yahoo's plan meets the IRS criteria that requires the entity being spun out   in this case, Yahoo's 15% stake in Alibaba and Yahoo's existing small-business unit   will qualify as something more than just a device to transfer gains in a tax-advantaged way.

In tax speak, the spin-off needs to comply with "Section 355" of the IRS code.

No one Business Insider spoke to for this story believed that Yahoo's planned spin-off of Alibaba wouldn't be viewed favorably by the IRS, meaning the "tax-free" spin-off would be executed tax free with Yahoo shareholders effectively getting a tracking stock on a 15% stake in Alibaba.

But there are a few problems here.

For one thing, this is shaping up to be a drawn-out process that leaves investors twisting in the wind.

Initially, Yahoo implied the spin would happen in the fourth quarter of 2015. Now it looks like it's going to happen in 2016, which means it goes to the IRS in 2017 for a review, according to Peck. He says the IRS then has three years to decide if it's going to audit Yahoo or not.

"Procedurally, the worst-case scenario will be if the IRS picks up the case for audit in October 2020, decides to impose taxes, and the company has to go through the protracted legal process before the issue is finally decided," wrote Peck.

"In this case, it is possible that [Yahoo] shareholders may not have clarity on the tax question for the better part of the next decade."

Asking shareholders to hang in there just to see a plan that may or may not work come through is not a way to inspire confidence.

And strategically, the problem from Yahoo's perspective is that it has already committed publicly to this spin out.

And as one investor told Business Insider, boards are loath to change their minds about strategic decisions once they've been made.

The core business

All of this tax-spin chatter, however, is mostly financial engineering.

Mayer was hired for her software engineering and product prowess. She was supposed to be a "products" rock star from Google who would breath fresh life into Yahoo's service.

In Silicon Valley, companies live and die by their "product," which is a way to describe the services companies offer consumers and businesses. (Instagram's photostream is a "product." Facebook's newsfeed is a "product." The iPhone is a "product.")

Yahoo today is essentially in no better shape than Yahoo when Mayer showed up. Mayer hasn't produced a single breakout hit product for Yahoo.

One of Mayer's big focuses, for example, has been mobile. And yet the highest-ranking Yahoo app in the iPhone's App Store is Yahoo Mail, which is ranked #75.

Facebook has three of the top four apps as of this writing. Google has two in the top ten. Even McDonald's and Walmart have apps ranked higher than Yahoo.

And, as Peck noted, Yahoo's revenue and cash flow are down significantly from when Mayer started.

Earlier this month, Re/code's Kara Swisher reported that Yahoo had hired consultancy McKinsey to help Yahoo decide which units of its company to close, which to sell, and which to invest in.

There's nothing wrong with hiring consultants for advice, but a lot of people are wondering what took Mayer so long.

A quadruple whammy

Mayer could have afforded a slow turnaround of the core business if she had managed to flawlessly deliver on the Alibaba spin-off. Alternatively, Mayer could have afforded to screw up the spin-off if she had nailed the core business.

What she can't afford is to have neither work out. And that's what looks increasingly likely.

Compounding those errors is the fact that Mayer and her management team seem to have torched relations with investors. Starboard, in its letter, says Yahoo has been "reluctant to respond or adapt to the realities of the current environment."

If all of this wasn't bad enough, Mayer is losing executives at an unnerving rate.

Yahoo for years has been a company adrift. Mayer was supposed to be a change. She was supposed to finally save Yahoo.

Instead, it looks increasingly likely that Mayer is going to end up yet another victim of Yahoo's decade-long struggle to turn itself around. Lord of the Paranoids: New Yahoo security exec on protecting a billion-plus ... Scott Carson/ZUMA Press/Corbis

Robert Lord doesn't wear a cape, and he doesn't work in a secret lair. However, he does lead a team of cybersecurity workers called the "Paranoids" at Yahoo's headquarters. His mission is to protect everyday people from some of the worst stuff on the Internet.

The former Twitter security executive, who became Yahoo's new security chief this month, said Internet users are getting savvier about Web security, but it's still a tough job to protect more than a billion accounts from constant attack. It's him and the Paranoids against nation-states and crime rings.

Getting users to click on fewer phishing emails and protect themselves from known computer viruses is only a small part of his work. "If it were sufficient we wouldn't [be here]," he said.

As part of their work, the Paranoids try to break their own systems looking for vulnerabilities. The company's high regard for the Paranoids' feedback is what drew Lord to the job, he said. "That is not always universally welcomed."

Any major tech company worth its salt has an executive or two in charge of security these days, and many of them follow the same protocol as the Paranoids. Lord himself helped create the security department at Twitter from 2012 to 2014 before heading to cybersecurity company Rapid7. Now he has to lead a department that has seen its two previous leaders depart over the past six months. Both previous chief information security officers left for similar jobs at Facebook and Apple, respectively.

Lord also has to work with the US government as it tracks down both cybercriminals and terrorists, and like all tech companies it receives requests for user information. His first priority in these interactions is Yahoo's users, he said.

"Yahoo carefully reviews these requests and narrowly discloses the data necessary to comply," he said, adding that the company is committed to telling users as much as possible about the law enforcement and intelligence agency requests for data it receives.

He will also become a key executive in the debate over whether the Sunnyvale, California, company should create a way for the US government to crack encrypted, or protected, data as part of its investigations. Lord, like most of Silicon Valley, feels strongly about this debate.

"Governments around the world have the responsibility to protect their citizens," he said. But, "We strongly oppose efforts by intelligence agencies to build in back doors." Mark Zuckerberg will take two months of paternity leave - six weeks MORE time ... Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Friday he will take two months of paternity leave after his daughter's birth, a strong statement from one of the busiest and most powerful U.S. executives on the importance of family time.

Silicon Valley technology firms have rushed to extend parental leave allowances and other benefits in an attempt to recruit and retain talent, but many workers do not take advantage for fear of falling behind at work or missing out on promotions.

Facebook, the world's biggest online social network, allows its U.S. employees to take up to four months of paid maternity or paternity leave, which can be used all at once or throughout the first year of their child's life, a policy which is generous by U.S. standards.

Comparatively, Google gives 18 weeks' maternity leave and 12 weeks' paternity, Microsoft gives new parents 12 weeks off, and Netflix recently announced that employees can take one whole year.

Taking time to be a dad: Mark Zuckerberg announced Friday he will take two months off following the impending arrival of his daughter with wife Priscilla (pictured with him earlier this year)

The post Zuckerberg put up Friday showed the couple's dog, Beast, next to a baby seat and carriage

Zuckerberg announced in July that he and his wife, Priscilla Chan, were expecting a baby girl.

A 2015 study by the Society for Human Resource Management found that 21 per cent of employers it surveyed offered paid maternity leave, and 17 percent provided paid paternity leave.

'This is a very personal decision,' Zuckerberg wrote on his Facebook page, along with a picture of a stroller, a yellow baby carrier and his dog, Beast. 'Studies show that when working parents take time to be with their newborns, outcomes are better for the children and families.'

Zuckerberg, 31, did not say who would be running the company while he is out.

Facebook did not immediately respond to an inquiry.

It is likely that chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg, who oversees all of Facebook's advertising, will assume leadership.

Zuckerberg largely oversees products, but will likely rely on chief product officer Chris Cox while he is out.

Sandberg commented and congratulated Zuckerberg and his wife. Noting the baby's upcoming birth, she wrote in her post: 'I can't wait to meet her.'

Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg (left), a longtime campaigner for women's rights in the workplace, will likely take over from Zuckerberg. Meanwhile, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer (right) has announced she will take a 'limited' maternity leave of two weeks when she gives birth to twins next month

Making progress: Toms shoes founder Blake Mycoski recently announced he will take two months paternity leave to welcome the birth of his son with wife Heather (pictured together in May)

Zuckerberg's decision is unusual among high-level tech executives.

Yahoo Inc CEO Marissa Mayer took two weeks off after her first child's birth in 2012, and when she announced she was pregnant with identical twin girls in September, she said she would be taking limited maternity leave and 'working throughout'.

The twins are due in December.

'Since my pregnancy has been healthy and uncomplicated and since this is a unique time in Yahoo's transformation, I plan to approach the pregnancy and delivery as I did with my son three years ago, taking limited time away and working throughout,' Mayer said when she released the news.

Mayer took over as Yahoo chief shortly before giving birth to her son.

Many made disparaging remarks about her maternity decisions, arguing that, for someone who upholds herself as a feminist, she is setting a bad example for women in the workplace.

In August, Toms shoes founder and CEO Blake Mycoskie told his company that he was taking 12 weeks off after the birth of his son, Next Shark reported.

Mycoskie was praised for what as a move of encouragement for employees to take their parent benefits.

Expecting: Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan will soon welcome a daughter following a series a setbacks. Here they attend the Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference on July 10, 2014 in Sun Valley, Idaho

The following year, Yahoo increased to eight weeks the amount of paid leave parents take after the birth of a child.

New mothers at Yahoo can take off an additional eight weeks. 
2015-04-08
The Internet Giant That Is Selling Toxic Whale and Dolphin Meat in Japan Whale and dolphin meats being sold for human consumption on Yahoo Japan have potentially dangerous levels of poisonous mercury, a report released on Wednesday charged.

Of 13 whale and dolphin products purchased online, all contained mercury levels that exceeded the Japanese government s recommendation of 0.4 parts per million or fewer, according to the group Environmental Investigation Agency, which commissioned the testing. EIA described Yahoo Japan as  the country s largest online marketplace for whale and dolphin meat. 

The company is a joint venture between Yahoo and Softbank.

Yahoo's American representatives did not respond to requests for comment.

A sample of dried pilot whale meat purchased from Yahoo Japan contained 19 ppm of mercury 47.5 times over the government safety limit. A pilot whale rib cut contained slightly less at 18 ppm, while pilot whale spare ribs contained 13 ppm, and roasted whale contained 10 ppm. Baird's beaked whale jerky and stew tested at 3.7 ppm and 7.2 ppm, respectively.

Some of the store-bought cetacean meat products also had excessive mercury levels, according to the report. Dolphin meat contained 11 ppm of mercury, dolphin stomach meat contained 2.8 ppm, and whale intestines contained 10 ppm. These products were labeled as originating from Taiji, Japan, the location of controversial annual dolphin hunts.

 This is yet another reason why whales and dolphins should not be considered as food,  EIA Oceans Campaign head Clare Perry said in an email.  Their existence is threatened by a myriad of human caused problems, including chemical pollution to such an extent that it actually makes them toxic. 

Perry said that Yahoo Japan has not responded to her group s requests for a dialogue and that  Yahoo US has been unable or unwilling to exert sufficient pressure on Yahoo Japan to take any action. 

It s unclear whether mercury levels in whale and dolphin meat have increased over time, Perry said.  We are still comparing these data to our previous studies, but it s hard to say with a fairly limited data set. There are studies showing rising mercury levels in some fish species and Baird s beaked whales have higher than average levels over the 10-plus years we ve been testing. 

Overexposure to mercury in food can harm neurological development in fetuses, infants, and young children, leading to problems with learning and memory, among other issues. Among adults, mercury poisoning from food increases health risks, including hypertension and coronary artery disease.

Canned albacore tuna sold in the United States contains an average of 0.32 ppm of mercury, while canned light tuna has 0.12 ppm, according to the Environmental Defense Fund.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and Food and Drug Administration jointly recommend that young children should eat only one to three ounces per week of albacore tuna. Women who are or might become pregnant, or are breast-feeding, should eat no more than six ounces of albacore tuna per week and avoid entirely four fish known to have high levels of mercury: Gulf of Mexico tilefish, shark, swordfish, and king mackerel.

Animal rights activists have long contended that alerting Japan s consumers to the dangers of mercury contamination in whale and dolphin meat would stifle demand, eventually driving the industry out of business. So far, that hasn t happened.

Some activists believe the Japanese government is blocking the message.

 Consumers in Japan are not told the truth about the serious health risks linked to consumption,  said Ric O Barry, head of the Dolphin Project and star of The Cove, a documentary on the Taiji drives.

O Barry, in collaboration with the Japanese group Elsa Nature Conservancy, has tested dolphin and whale meat since 2003 and found all of it containing dangerously high levels of mercury as well as polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs human-made compounds that can cause cancer and other health problems.

 The annual dolphin slaughter is not only an issue of animal rights,  O Barry said.  It s also one of human rights."

If the Japanese government isn t informing the public, consumer and parenting groups should step in to fill the gap, according to Perry. Meanwhile, more pressure should be put on purveyors of the toxic products, she said.

 We look to the major retailers like Yahoo Japan to set an example and ban the sale of contaminated whale, dolphin, and porpoise products,  Perry said.  Many retailers already have. Japan s leading retailers, such as Aeon, Ito-Yokado, and Seiyu, do not sell these products.  
2015-01-14
Why so few women are CEOs (in 5 charts) It's not news that the percentage of women taking over the C-Suite in America is increasing at a glacial pace. Yet a report out today by Pew Research sheds some new light on exactly why the rate of change has been so slow.

Gender doesn't matter to most. A vast majority of men and women agree that gender does not play a role in a person's ability to lead a business. Some 80% of men and women surveyed by Pew said that neither men or women have leadership styles that make them more successful in business. In fact, about a third of adults (31%) said top female executives may be more honest and ethical than male execs.

Women are even good for business. There are also evident benefits to having more female leaders, according to respondents. About three-in-ten Americans surveyed said that having more women leaders in both business and government would improve the quality of life for women across the country.

Still, few women are reaching the top. Despite these findings, only 25 companies in the Fortune 500 are run by women. There were no female CEOs in the Fortune 500 20 years ago; since, women have made modest progress in obtaining CEO roles. The low number of female CEOs in the Fortune 500 may be due to gendered stereotypes that pervade the workplace. Pew's survey found that 34% of the respondents believe that male executives are better than women at assuming risk.

It gets worse when you dig deeper. The thinking was similar when Pew asked respondents about specific industries. A significant portion felt that men would do a better job leading technology, oil and gas and finance companies. Perhaps as a result, female Fortune 1000 CEOs are more common in industries like retail and food production .

And few people think it's easy for women. Despite Pew's initial finding that gender does not play a role in a person's ability to lead, most Americans say it is easier for men to get into top positions in business as well as politics. Two-thirds of Americans overall believe men have an advantage and three-quarters of women say men have a better chance.

Bottom line: Corporate America still isn't ready. Pew's study shows that men and women may believe female leaders are just as qualified as their male peers, but certain stigmas persist. Even in 2014, some 50% of women and 35% of men agree that many businesses aren't ready to hire women for top executive positions.

To subscribe to Caroline Fairchild s daily newsletter on the world s most powerful women, go to www.getbroadsheet.com.

Graphics by Analee Kasudia with data provided by Pew Research . Should You Buy Google Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons (GOOGL) During the past year, Google Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) stock has lost some of its luster. Since hitting a 52-week high in February, the shares are off about 19%. Google s performance is particularly disappointing in the face of gains from other tech operators like Facebook Inc (FB), up 9% in that time, and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), which has gained 23%.

Wall Street analysts have also turned sour on GOOG stock. In the past few weeks, Stifel Nicolaus dropped its rating from  buy  to  hold  and Bank of America Merrill Lynch downgraded the stock from  buy  to  neutral.  Even billionaire Mark Cuban thinks Google stock is an interesting short.

All that news makes the outlook seem kind of grim for GOOGL stock. Let s take a look at the stock s pros and cons to see if there s any good news on the horizon.

Google Stock Pros

Mobile and Online Video. These two markets should provide massive growth for GOOGL as ad dollars continue to shift from traditional sources to digital. Android has more than 1 billion active users   stunning growth for a platform that GOOGL bought in 2005 with little fanfare. GOOGL also bought YouTube in 2005 for $1.65 billion and while that deal also was initially puzzling for many on Wall Street, it now looks dirt cheap as YouTube developed into the dominant player in online video with more than 1 billion users. It reaches more adults in the coveted 18-34 age-range than any cable network.

Innovation. GOOGL has a culture of experimentation and creativity. The result has been the launch of many breakout offerings like Gmail, Chrome, Docs and Maps. But perhaps the most impactful could be an aggressive move to dominate the market for the smart home. To this end, GOOGL shelled out $3.2 billion for Nest, which is the innovative developer of smart thermostats and smoke detectors. But there have been other interesting tuck-in deals, such as for Dropcam (a provider of home security via the cloud) and Revolv (which has a platform that manages multiple apps within a home). According to a study from Grand View Research, the market for smart home technology is expected to grow from $13.1 billion in 2013 to $47.6 billion by 2020.

Valuation. It is reasonable for GOOGL, with a forward price-to-earnings ratio at 16X. This compares to 40X for Facebook, 44X for Yahoo and 19X for AOL, Inc. (AOL). The GOOGL valuation is also attractive in terms of the expected growth. Even with the recent downward revisions, the Wall Street estimate for earnings is for an 17% increase for 2015.

Next Page 
2015-10-16
Move over, Facebook: For Generation Z, it's all about live video With a little help from his fans, Brent Morgan is working on his album.

Meet the new teen heartthrob: Self-made social media stars armed with six-second videos

Nash Grier, the world s most popular teenager, is wrapping his fans in a bear hug and a megawatt grin as they line up to meet him backstage at a beach party on Toronto s lakeshore. Hug. Grin. Flash. Next. Hug. Grin. Flash. Next. The girls post the photos on Twitter and Instagram, with liberal use of the hearts-for-eyes emoji.  I love Nash s hugs so much. I loved meeting you today,  reads one.  IM CRYINJ,  reads another. Continue reading.

Morgan, 27, is in sweatpants and a tank top, sitting in his home production studio in Madison, Ala. His fans are all over the world, tuning in live through the social media site YouNow and typing out suggestions as he fiddles with the vocals, participating in the world s first album produced live and in real-time online.

Morgan reads out a comment:  Your hair looks so fluffy.   Thank you,  he responds. Like a DJ at a night club, he tries to hype up the crowd watching him through the screens of their laptops and smartphones:  Share it up, like it up. Let s get it trending, let s get it to first place if we can. 

For Generation Z, the major social networks are already old news. In the spring of 2014, about three-quarters of teens surveyed by investment bank Piper Jaffray said they used Facebook; just six months later, less than half of teens said they used the service. The survey found teens  usage of Twitter fell from 63 per cent to 59 per cent over that same six-month period.

They re certainly not using their smartphones any less. Increasingly, they re turning to apps that let them broadcast and watch video live, such as YouNow, Snapchat and Twitter Inc. s Periscope.

YouNow, which announced US$15 million in new funding last week, averages 100 million user sessions per month, a tenfold increase over two years. In August, five months after launching, Periscope announced its 10 millionth registered user and said people are watching 40 years  worth of content on the service every day. About one-third of Periscope users are aged 16 to 24, according to the market research firm GlobalWebIndex; more than two-thirds of YouNow s users are under 24, according to the company.

Advertisers, investors and the world s biggest tech companies are taking notice. And early adopters like Morgan are already cashing in, taking the phenomenon of social media celebrity to the next level through real-time interaction with their fans.

Related

 It really has changed my life completely,  said Morgan, who makes a full-time living through a cut of virtual gifts from his YouNow fans. His days of lugging heavy gear around to sparsely attended gigs at restaurants are over:  I can literally wake up and put on a tank top and go live. 

Just like posts on Facebook and Twitter, live video broadcasts can be groundbreaking, interesting and innovative or inane, narcissistic and confusing, depending on who s making them and why. For every user doing something cool like producing an album live, there are 10 who are broadcasting videos of the insides of their refrigerators   the Periscope equivalent of tweeting about what you had for lunch.

With its large teen user base, YouNow can feel like a giant sleepover, with broadcasters playing Truth or Dare and goofing around with their online friends. Some even make the sleepover literal   search the hashtag #sleepingsquad and you ll find teens broadcasting themselves sleeping while the world watches.

If you re experiencing heart palpitations over the thought of a giant, global sleepover populated by teenagers where anyone with an Internet connection can watch their every move, YouNow chief executive Adi Sideman says the company works hard to make sure everything stays G-rated. On live television, there are producers ready to flip to a commercial break if someone has a wardrobe malfunction or drops a curse word. There are no commercial breaks on YouNow, but there are teams of moderators ready to ban anyone who isn t being family-friendly and users are encouraged to block and report bad actors.

Sideman said the YouNow format works particularly well for musicians and other performers. Rather than leaving a comment on a YouTube video the performer might never see, fans can interact with them in real time and might even get a shoutout during a performance.

 The satisfaction, the feedback, is more intense when it s happening right now,  Sideman said.  You can actually talk to that person in your digital life. 

YouNow also has something going for it that much bigger social networks still struggle with: A revenue model, and one that doesn t rely on annoying advertisements or growth-killing subscription fees to boot. YouNow users can purchase virtual gifts for their favourite broadcasters such as hearts, thumbs up and gold bars. A package of 6500 gold bars costs US$49.99, with broadcasters who have been accepted into YouNow s partner program getting a percentage based on how many people are watching.

The company declined to disclose its annual revenue or whether or not it has turned a profit, but a Chinese social network called YY has found success with a similar business model since going public on the Nasdaq stock market in 2012. Fuelled by fans giving amateur performers virtual gifts such as roses and handbags, YY Inc. s share price has quadrupled over the three years since its initial public offering and now has a market capitalization of US$3.06 billion.

Yahoo Inc. is among the major tech companies who are taking note of live video s astronomical growth. Two-and-a-half months ago, the company launched an app called LiveText, which combines texting with silent video so you can see the other person s facial expressions and surroundings.

Arjun Sethi, senior director of product management at Yahoo, said he s betting that turning off the sound will eliminate the barriers to casual and frequent use of live video. People can use LiveText while sitting in a meeting, walking to class or waiting for the bus without worrying about their conversations being overheard or disturbing others.

LiveText also helps capitalize on young people s feelings of FOMO, or fear of missing out. Someone who couldn t get the night off work to go to a Taylor Swift concert, for example, could tune in via a friend with LiveText during a break.

 You really feel like you re almost there,  Sethi said.  I can actually fantasize around what it might feel like to be there with my friend. 

For now, Sethi said Yahoo just wants to grow the product s user base and will think about ways to monetize it later. Forrester Research analyst Erna Alfred Liousas said it s too early to say how much the live video market could be worth, but it makes sense for the major players to hop on the bandwagon.

 This is complementary functionality that networks such as Twitter don t have to build out,  Liousas said.  It provides another interaction point for their audiences. 

Wesley Luna-Smith, a cultural strategist with the New York City-based advertising agency Sparks & Honey who specializes in youth and new media, gave another reason for the popularity of live video apps with teens. They re learning from the mistakes of their millennial siblings and value social media that disappears after it s posted online in real time, avoiding a trail of digital footprints that future employers and snooping exes can find.

 You re allowed to show your double chin or say something stupid and just be OK with it,  Luna-Smith said.  It won t be there the next day. 

Financial Post

cbrownell@nationalpost.com

Twitter.com/clabrow Yahoo: Sayonara, passwords Yahoo wants to kill passwords.

The Sunnyvale, California tech giant drove a nail into the coffin on Thursday when it debuted a new service, Yahoo Account Key, that eliminates the need for users to enter login credentials when accessing their Yahoo accounts. The feature is available for users of the Yahoo Mail app on both iOS and Android and will apply to other apps this year, the company said in a Tumblr blog post .

Although the company did not specify which apps might be next up on the password chopping block, other Yahoo apps include the photo-sharing service Flickr as well as Yahoo Sports, Yahoo News, and Yahoo Messenger.

"Passwords are usually simple to hack and easy to forget," writes Dylan Casey, vice president of product management at Yahoo, in the post. So, the paranoids at Yahoo ( yhoo ) , as the information security team members are affectionately called , devised a workaround.

Why not instead of forcing users to remember and enter passwords have a service simply send a notification to whichever device is associated with a user account when someone attempts to login? "Are you trying to sign in?" the prompt asks. Then the user can tap yes or no to gain access. It doesn't matter whether it's the phone or tablet you're trying to log in on, or another one, so long as Account Key recognizes it as "yours."

In case a person loses the device, backup email accounts or phone numbers can be used to verify identity.

The process will strike users as similar to what many two-factor authentication services provide  except, in this case, the first factor (that is, the password) is missing. Instead, it's completely substituted by the device-specific authentication.

Earlier this year Yahoo launched an "on-demand" password service that sends one-time codes to users' smartphones via text message. They then enter those codes instead of passwords.

Security experts and laypeople have griped about the problems related to passwords for decades. When done right, they're too hard to remember . When done wrong, they're too easy to crack .

In the meantime, experts recommend using a password manager such as LastPass, KeePass, or Keeper, to store and keep track of one's login credentials. However, those products are not immune to security problems of their own, including data breaches .

Subscribe to Data Sheet , Fortune s daily newsletter on the business of technology.

For more on the slow and painful death of passwords, watch this video. 4 Things Every Yahoo Investor Needs to Be Watching Next Week Shares of Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) are down more than 30% year to date. Will the losses continue, or are better days ahead?

A lot depends on how well the business performs. Here's a closer look at what analysts expect to see when the company reports fiscal first-quarter 2016 earnings next week:

Q3 Estimates Revenue YOY Growth EPS YOY Growth Low estimate $999.59 million (8.6%) $0.10 (80.8%) High estimate $1,052 million (3.8%) $0.21 (59.6%) S&P CAPITAL IQ CONSENSUS $1,024.48 million (6.4%) $0.16 (69.2%)

Looking at recent history, a beat would be a welcome change. Earnings have mostly deteriorated during the past four quarters. Not exactly the pattern we like to see from a turnaround growth story:

Earnings History FQ3 2014 FQ4 2014 FQ1 2015 FQ2 2015 Consensus $0.32 $0.30 $0.18 $0.18 Actual $0.52 $0.30 $0.15 $0.16 DIFFERENCE $0.20 $0.00 ($0.03) ($0.02)

Looking at the overall business, I'm watching for momentum in each of these four areas:

1. Mobile revenue growth. CEO Marissa Mayer has made no secret of her bets on mobile technology. The thinking is that mobile users who delight on Yahoo apps will be more likely to accept ads and offers. Also, as users, it's fair to say we spend as much or more time with our devices as we do our families. In Q2, Yahoo reported more than $250 million in mobile revenue when measured by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), up 55% year over year.

2. Investments in originals. When I say "originals," I don't just mean television shows such as Community and Other Space. Rather, I'm talking about every property that Yahoo invests in that carries original content of some sort. Most recently, that included the launch of Yahoo Real Estate and Yahoo Celebrity. Yahoo also has a deal with the NFL to live stream some football games, which should help boost income from its Fantasy Sports products. Less clear is what it costs to bring these products to life. In the Q3 call and press release, look for Mayer to provide some details on how content impacts results.



3. Traffic patterns. Mayer likes to compare Yahoo to other big names by pointing out that her company's various properties combine to serve more than 1 billion users around the globe. That's great, but are we using Yahoo more? Revenue growth is entirely dependent on how much time and effort they put into using the company's various products and services. In Q2, the mobile user base was up 14% year over year. Yahoo didn't give an overall figure for traffic growth.

4. Better insight into cash flow and capital expenditures. Read enough Yahoo transcripts, and you'll see Mayer make mention of making progress across "people, products, traffic, and revenue." As an investor, I also want to see what a more stripped-down Yahoo looks like in terms of organically generated cash flow for reinvesting in products, like the new password-free Yahoo Mail. More products increases the odds of high engagement, which in turn boosts Yahoos ad revenue and growth profile. Cash from operations came in at $289.2 million in last year's third quarter, S&P Capital IQ reports.

Yahoo reports third-quarter results on Oct. 20 after the market closes. How Will Yahoo! Sports Daily Fantasy App Impact Topline? Online gambling involves a wide variety of products that stem from traditional gambling houses to new internet-only products. The growing interest in online gambling has seen the overall gambling industry unlock new business opportunities including app-based gambling via mobile devices and year-long fantasy sports betting competitions, which allow players to make money by speculating on the outcomes of their favorite sports/athletes.

Real money Online Gambling is largely outlawed in the U.S., with only a few states (Nevada and New Jersey, to name a couple) allowing companies to transact business in the sector. Nonetheless, more states are still evaluating ways of allowing real money gambling as interest continues to grow among resident gamblers and companies.

While real money gambling as widely known in Europe and other parts of the world is illegal under U.S. federal laws, betting on fantasy sports is considered legal. In fact, the number of fantasy sports players in the U.S. has now grown to 56.8 million from 41.5 million in 2014 according to the Fantasy Sports Trade Association.

Now, fantasy sports betting isslightly different from the real sports betting as many people know it. Sports betting is a faction of online gambling. For more information about the various sections of online gambling visit here.

Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO), which is one of the leading internet-based companies, announced in July its entry into the daily fantasy sports betting market, with the launch of Yahoo! Sports Daily Fantasy app, which will allows players to apply their fantasy sports skills on daily events. The company is looking for new ways to boost its declining revenues.

Yahoo! has been facing a serious challenge with regard to its organic business, as it has struggled to increase revenues and cash flows over the last few years.

While recent data indicates a significant increase in revenue (i.e. 14.7% increase in the most recent quarter on a year-over-year basis), the company will still need to find a solution to its struggling organic business.

As illustrated in the chart above, the company s revenues have largely stalled over the last four to five years, with income and operating cash flows experiencing turbulent dips and bounds in the last two.

It is now evaluating various ways of monetizing its massive user base both on mobile and desktop, and the launch of the Daily Fantasy app is expected to play a role towards achieving that goal. With advertising revenue stagnating, perhaps it is about time the company added new ways of generating income into its revenue streams.

What impact can the Daily Fantasy app have on Yahoo?

Fantasy sports betting is one of the emerging markets in real money gaming in the U.S., with estimated market valuation of $2.6 billion this year in entry fees. The market is expected to have a CAGR of about 41% through 2020, which will bring its annual figure to $14.4 billion. As such, Yahoo! is seizing an opportunity that could be hugely rewarding in the coming years based on its massive user base.

In the U.S., fantasy sports betting is legal in 45 states with Iowa, Arizona, Washington, Montana and Louisiana the only ones that Yahoo! does not expect to register players on to its new Daily Fantasy app. The legalization of fantasy sports betting is purely based on the fact that it involves some level of skill to win, thus it is not just about chance. On the other hand, the real sports betting business is more or less reliant on chance.

Now, currently, Yahoo! dominates the season-long/annual fantasy sports betting events, but the daily fantasy sports betting business is the bigger of the two main sections in the market. Therefore, the company faces the challenge of marketing its new service to its existing and new members.

The current market leaders in daily sport betting in North America are DraftKings and FanDuel (backed by NBC [NBC] Sports and Comcast [CMCSA]). Yahoo! has started its differentiation campaign by setting up a salary cap of $200, which also resonates well with the season-long players, and plans to get most of its Yahoo! sports website users to use the Daily Fantasy app.

The company boasts nearly 100 million users on its sports portals, and players are expected to pay as high as $500 when registering in various contests, although most of the contests are either free to enter or require a registration of just a few dollars. Yahoo! will be taking 10% of the amount paid by players when registering.

Based on the earlier stat of $2.6 billion paid in entry fees for 2015 (estimated) and about 56 million to 60 million players, this translates to about $45 in entry fees per player this year. Given the 10% Yahoo! would be taking from registration, this would mean that the company will be getting $4.5 per player   that s 4.5 times what Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) makes from every WhatsApp user.

Yahoo! s season-long fantasy sports betting currently has about 7 million subscribers, so assuming the company can add twice this number to its new Daily Fantasy app by the year 2020, then we could be looking at a subscriber base of about 20 million overall for the company. This would result in annual revenue of about $90 million based on the current revenue per subscriber rate. The introduction of PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL) as a payment method is also likely to entice more players into participating in premium contests, which attract higher payouts.

However, it will all depend on how the company can market this new service and what sort of pay-to-play contests will be available to subscribers.

Yahoo! price and valuation

Yahoo! currently trades at about $34 per share, which is a massive rebound following its recent low of $27 per share. However, the current increase in price may be misinterpreted as a sign of strength with the overall trend suggesting otherwise.

Shares of Yahoo! are currently down about 35% from a multiyear high of $52.62 per share that was achieved in November last year. The rally that took the stock to these new highs came following Alibaba s (BABA) IPO, where Yahoo! had a sizeable holding before cashing out part of its stake to the public via the IPO.

Assessing valuation using the P/E ratio may not be the right move to make at this time given the fact that the uptick in EPS witnessed over the last 12 months is very much a case of off-balance sheet items. The better assessment would be to use sales, in which case a P/S ratio of 6.47x compared to industry average of 6.83x values the company more or less in line with peers. Google, which is now Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), (NASDAQ:GOOGL), has a P/S of 6.52, so the picture is clear.

However, the giant search engine s business model is far better and promising in terms of outlook as compared to Yahoo!, which in this case makes Yahoo! an expensive stock.

Conclusion

With Yahoo! s advertising revenue slowing, the company has to find new streams of income to augment its stagnating organic business. The daily fantasy sports app will help towards this goal through monetization of the company s sports platform users, which are estimated at about 100 million.

The good news is that Yahoo! has massive cash on its balance sheet, $5.82 billion based on recent quarter results, and this will help it during this period. The Daily Fantasy app s impact on revenue is likely to be small at the beginning but significant in the long term, and the latter is in the perspective investors should be taking while investing in Yahoo!.

About the author: Justin Yoon Adjusts Quickly It didn't take long for freshman kicker Justin Yoon to make the adjustment to college football at Notre Dame.

It's not like he had a choice. Declared the starter on National Signing Day to replace graduated three-year starter Kyle Brindza, the nation's No. 1 kicking prospect from 2014 is believed to be the first Notre Dame football player of South Korean descent, although he was born in Ohio and competed at Milton (Mass.) Academy.

His "leg work" began by playing soccer and hockey   his father Jiseop is a former Olympic figure-skater   before he was introduced to kicking a football in the eighth grade.

A hitch in his mechanics and follow through that resulted in missed extra points against Virginia and Georgia Tech in back-to-back weeks temporarily took some of shine off his skills, but it didn't take long to regain it.

During the 5-1 start, Yoon's seven field goals in nine attempts were highlighted by a 46-yard boot in a quagmire at Clemson that kept Notre Dame's hopes alive in 24-22 loss Oct. 3, and then a 52-yard kick as time expired to give the Irish a 24-21 halftime lead the next week in their eventual win versus Navy.

"What my thought was is I can't build on the past, and I just have to go forward with the next one," said Yoon of the early PAT snafus. "Our motto is get rid of the last one and get to the next one   and the same with the 52-yarder. Yeah, it's great that I made it, but the next field goal, that's another opportunity I have to make. If I would have kept on dwelling on about the past, I don't think I would have made that.

"[Clemson] was a confidence booster. I was able to learn my way through it but also experience that I have to trust everyone."

Part of his kicking ritual includes a traditional Oriental bow with senior snapper Scott Daly and sophomore holder and starting quarterback DeShone Kizer after a make.

"A big part of the team is you have to be able to have fun with everything," Yoon said. "At the same time, be serious and focus. After a focused, good kick through the uprights, we just love having that fun part about the team. I want to make sure we continue that streak going on."

Yoon also is appreciating how to balance nerves with composure.

"When I'm in front of a lot of people I start to get nervous," Yoon admitted. "But on the field, it feels like I'm in my own bubble, just me, football and my guys. That's where I think all that focus comes from."

Enrolling at an elite academic institution   he was also interested in Stanford, Northwestern while the Ivy League schools came calling as well   Yoon said his biggest challenge on and off the field was trying to "get momentum as a freshman."

"It wasn't easy," he said. "A freshman going on the field for the first time is a big spotlight, that's a difficult experience. But as I progressed through the games, my teammates trusted me, and that was the biggest thing. That bond that I formed with them helped me to be comfortable on that field.

"And also the fact that I can practice with DeShone over and over again   that has been very, very helpful."

It's not often anymore that the starting quarterback also is the holder on kicks, mainly because of time constraints in practice. Still, it's a role the former backup Kizer takes seriously, especially after several fumbled holds last year prompted a change   and further issues on several more misses in close losses to Northwestern (43-40) and Louisville (31-28) at home.

"We spent quite a bit of time in the off-season making sure that the issues that we had in last year's season didn't come back," Kizer said. "It was a regular occurrence for us after practice for us to get 20, 30 holds just to make sure that we're staying perfect with it and that it'll never be a factor to get the ball down and get it up into the uprights when we need it in a game.

"We work on it before practice, after practice, whatever we can to build that chemistry," Yoon said. "We go to Thursday night dinners together.

"  I've been doing this for so long that it should work all the time. That's what helps get me through it."

All he needed was a kick start.

Notre Dame Freshman Kickers

Justin Yoon is the seventh true freshman to start at kicker for Notre Dame since the NCAA permitted freshman eligibility in 1972. Here is the chronological order, and how they fared.

Dave Reeve (1974)   The first Notre Dame player awarded a four-year scholarship strictly as a kicker, the four-year starter converted seven of his 10 field goals and 39 of his 42 extra points on head coach Ara Parseghian's final Fighting Irish team.

Craig Hentrich (1989)   The 16-year NFL veteran, mainly as a punter, converted 8-of-15 field goals and 44-of-45 extra points for the 12-1 Irish.

Kevin Kopka (1995)   Nicknamed "Thunderfoot," the Florida native started the first eight games and converted 6-of-11 field goals and 27-of-29 extra points before walk-on Scott Cengia finished the season.

Jim Sanson (1996)   His peak was a 39-yard field goal as time ran out in a 27-24 win at Texas, and the valley was a missed PAT in the finale at USC that enabled the Trojans to rally and then win in overtime. Sanson finished 6-of-9 on field goals and 39-of-45 on extra points.

Brandon Walker (2007)   During the 3-9 season, he made 6-of-12 field goals, highlighted by a 48-yarder in the 20-6 win at UCLA, and 22-of-23 extra points.

Nick Tausch (2009)   He missed his first field goal (a loss at Michigan) before making a then school record 14 straight, highlighted by a school record 5-of-5 in the 37-30 overtime win versus Washington. Then his last two were both misses in a 23-21 loss to Navy in which he also was injured. He finished 14-of-17 on field goals and 27-of-30 on extra points.

The injury forced walk-on David Ruffer into action, and he would become a Lou Groza Award finalist the next season, thereby "Wally Pipp-ing" Tausch. 
2015-09-29
Why Yahoo opened a new lab in Boston's Downtown Crossing  Chancery 'Likely' To Grant Doc Access In Yahoo COO Pay Row Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Wizards' John Wall donates $400K to DC homeless children's charity No NBA player has delivered more assists over the past two seasons than John Wall. The All-Star point guard got on the board last week, lending his first helping hand of the season before the Washington Wizards even kicked off training camp ... and man, was it a big one.

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

From Cuneyt Dil of the Washington City Paper:

A D.C. center for homeless children got a surprise visit this morning from Washington Wizards point guard John Wall   and a $400,000 donation.

Bright Beginnings, an early childhood development and learning organization that serves around 162 children a day, announced the contribution in a news release. The money from Wall will help the center open its second planned facility in Ward 8, which will serve 100 additional children and their families and is expected to open in 2017.

 Support from individuals like Mr. Wall gives Bright Beginnings the encouragement to continue to provide comprehensive services for homeless children in the District of Columbia," wrote Bright Beginnings Executive Director Dr. Betty Jo Gaines in a statement announcing the gift. "It is evident that John Wall is sensitive and concerned about the plight of homeless children in DC and he wants these children to succeed. 

This isn't the first such significant donation to local causes by the 25-year-old lead guard. Wall pledged a cool million dollars to District-area charities after inking his five-year maximum salary contract back in 2013.

In an emotional press conference announcing the max extension of the rookie deal he signed after Washington selected him out of Kentucky with the No. 1 overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft, Wall spoke about why he felt the need to immediately commit seven figures to those less fortunate, as detailed by then-Washington Post scribe (and now, happily, my Yahoo Sports colleague) Michael Lee:

"It s a humbling experience and great opportunity to sign this contract, but it s not about just for me,  Wall said.  The main thing is giving back and giving back the right way. Giving back to these charities is a great opportunity.  [...]

"I want to donate my time along with the money,  Wall said.  My whole thing is I was put on this earth to be something, and I was blessed to be a great basketball player, but my main thing was to keep striving to be a better person. That s one thing my mom always instilled in me, it doesn t matter what nobody thinks about you as a basketball player, they are going to look at you as a person first. 

It's a message Wall delivered loud and clear when he took the time to help a young fan with cancer fulfill her dream of meeting pop star Nicki Minaj last year, developing a relationship with young Miyah Telemaque-Nelson that left the All-Star wracked with emotion after she passed last December, and it's one that he continues to communicate through actions like his visit to Bright Beginnings.

[Yahoo Fantasy Basketball: Sign up for a league today]

Coming off a season marked by peaks (his second straight All-Star berth, his first time being voted in as a starter, averaging a career-high 10 assists per game, leading Washington to its winningest season since 1979 and its second straight trip to the second round) and valleys (the shattered hand he suffered in Game 1 of Round 2 against the Atlanta Hawks, three straight last-second losses leading to their elimination after taking a 2-1 lead on the East's top seed), Wall enters the 2015-16 season with an opportunity to propel the Wizards to the top tier of Eastern Conference contention. After a summer of woulda-coulda-shouldas, Wall and his teammates seem eager to put the past behind them and embark on a deeper postseason push fueled by a more potent offensive attack led by his playmaking brilliance ... and, of course, a little bit of luck. From Jorge Castillo of the WaPo:

"The expectation s to get through that wall, get over that hump,  Wall said.  The most important thing is you got to have a little bit of luck in those playoffs, and you also got to stay healthy. I think that s what happened to us last year. But other than that, we just got to have the same mind-set of being a defensive-minded team, rebounding the ball, pushing the ball and sharing the ball. That s when our team is great.  The Morning Ledger: The Role of Finance in Scandal Recovery Get the free Morning Ledger emailed to you each weekday morning by clicking here: http://on.wsj.com/TheMorningLedgerSignup.

Hans Dieter P tsch, VW s CFO since 2003, is well respected among investors and by the auto maker s controlling families. Thomas kienzle/Agence France-Presse/Getty Images

Good morning. Volkswagen AG CFO Hans Dieter P tsch has his work cut out for him. While the technical details of the scandal involving software-rigged emissions testing are outside a financial chief s purview, CFOs are still generally the chief risk officers of any company. So, first and foremost, Mr. P tsch will need to account for how much the ongoing crisis is going to cost, CFO Journal reports. That tally that will include fixing the millions of cars involved, financing fines and settling legal claims.

But that s just coming up with a total bill. Mr. P tsch will also need to establish how much of the German auto maker s billions of dollars of potential liabilities might be covered by insurance, move to plug any gaps in its auditing process and reassure vendors, bankers and investors of its health. VW faces fines of as much as $18 billion from U.S. environmental regulators alone, so Mr. P tsch must decide how to finance the mounting cost. Although it had about $37 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet at the end of June, the company could need additional sources of capital.

Lawyers are moving to consolidate widespread litigation stemming from Volkswagen s emissions-cheating scandal, drawing the German auto maker into a prolonged legal case expected to spur rafts of depositions, the WSJ s Mike Spector reports. Such consolidated lawsuits are called multidistrict litigation, or MDL, since they are culled from legal actions across different jurisdictions. The plaintiffs  lawyers are accusing Volkswagen of defrauding consumers who are suffering declining vehicle values. They re also seeking recompense for consumers who paid higher prices in some cases premiums exceeding $6,000 for models advertised as clean diesel cars with impressive horsepower, fuel economy and emissions.

CFO JOURNAL TODAY

Alcoa break-up envisions junk, investment-rated companies. When Alcoa Inc. splits in two next year, the debt of its two offspring will look less alike, Maxwell Murphy reports. Hurt by depressed prices, the company plans to split into two publicly traded companies, one a maker of raw aluminum, which will slide slightly into junk-rated territory, and the other focused on high-tech parts for the aerospace industry, which should remain investment-grade.

Defaults may follow from commodity rout. The commodity-price crunch fueled by China s economic slowdown is taking a toll on the bond market, Vipal Monga reports. Bonds from debt-laden companies in the metals, mining and steel industries are driving up distress ratios, an indicator that a wave of debt defaults could be on the horizon.

Cal-Maine s dividend plans tied to earnings.Cal-Maine Foods Inc. s earnings on Monday highlighted the company s unusual dividend policy. Its payouts are tied to earnings it pays a third of its net income to shareholders. Most companies have a fixed dividend policy, and therefore pay out set amounts each quarter.

THE DAY AHEAD

Leave Costco shares on the shelf. Costco Wholesale Corp. s bargain appeal doesn t extend to its stock price, writes Ahead of the Tape s Spencer Jakab. It may suffer more than those of other retailers if market volatility persists. Since June 2014, when oil prices began slumping, expectations for Costco earnings in the fiscal year ended in August and being reported on Tuesday have risen by 10 cents to $5.25 a share, according to FactSet. That compares with earnings of $4.65 a share a year earlier.

CORPORATE NEWS

Westfield Corp., part owner of this London shopping mall, canceled a sale of 10-year bonds. Simon Dawson/Bloomberg

Debt-market tumult hits corporate-bond sales. Bond-market turmoil mounted Monday, as three companies reduced or put off planned bond sales in response to soft investor demand, damped by concerns that a global economic slowdown is taking shape. The deals pulled Monday came from companies carrying investment-grade ratings; bankers had little trouble selling similar bonds earlier in the year.

Microsoft changes how it reports financial results. Microsoft Corp. aims to emphasize its mobile and cloud businesses in its financial reporting, with changes that will begin with the results for the current quarter the first of Microsoft s new fiscal year which the company plans to report Oct. 22. The new format will break out results from its commercial cloud businesses, an area where Microsoft and other tech firms have turned their focus amid waning PC demand. The change also will unite results from its Office and Office 365 for commercial and consumer customers.

Yahoo presses ahead with Alibaba spinoff. Yahoo Inc. s bold plan to spin off more than $20 billion worth of shares in Alibaba Holding Group Ltd. without incurring a tax bill just got riskier. The Internet company said in a filing Monday it will move forward with a spinoff despite not having the explicit blessing of tax regulators. The Internal Revenue Service earlier this month denied Yahoo s request for a favorable ruling of the plan.

Glencore shares plunge as debt fears rattle investors. Investors pounded shares of mining giant Glencore PLC amid fresh concerns that persistently low commodity prices will cripple its debt-laden balance sheet. Copper prices fell amid expectations of more data showing a slowdown in China and Glencore s sagging shares.

Medtronic s Ireland move results in lower taxes. Medical-device company Medtronic PLC transferred $9.8 billion from its Dublin headquarters to the U.S. at a 5% tax rate, compared with the 35% rate U.S. companies pay when repatriating profits. Medtronic said it is transferring the money after completing an  internal restructuring  in the wake of its acquisition of Dublin-based Covidien PLC earlier this year. That acquisition allowed Medtronic to move its headquarters from Minneapolis to Dublin, a so-called tax inversion move aimed at lowering the company s tax burden.

Investors fall out of love with deals. The stocks of a number of acquirers have suffered big losses in the past few months following the announcement of a takeover. The rebukes represent a reversal of an important driver of the mergers-and-acquisitions boom over the past few years, namely a surge in the stock prices of companies announcing acquisitions.

Shell to cease Alaskan Arctic oil exploration. Royal Dutch Shell PLC said it would end its controversial drilling program in the Alaskan Arctic after a disappointing drilling season. The decision caps a yearslong foray off Alaska s shores that once was considered full of promise but was questioned by investors, environmental groups and religious and political figures.

Energy Transfer to buy Williams Cos. after yearlong pursuit. Energy Transfer Equity LP said it will buy Williams Cos. for roughly $32.6 billion, reaching a deal to create an energy-moving giant after a nearly yearlong pursuit of the rival pipeline operator. In June, Williams had rejected a $48 billion offer from Energy Transfer. But since then shares of energy companies have been beaten down.

Lid on oil prices refuses to budge. The long-awaited decline in U.S. oil output has begun, data show, but many investors and analysts are still waiting for prices to stage a sustained recovery. Their hopes have been thwarted by robust output from other parts of the world, from Russia to Saudi Arabia and Iraq, that has kept a lid on prices.

Apple sells 13 million new iPhones at launch. Apple Inc. said it has sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models since their launch, up 30% from last year s iPhone 6 sales and a record for the company. This round of strong sales was buoyed by Apple s decision to roll out the devices to more regions than the previous launch.

Domino s to book liability charge in third quarter. Domino s Pizza Inc. said it plans to refinance some of its debt and that costs related to an increase in workers  compensation and liability claims would cut into earnings in its most recently ended quarter.

Fiat Chrysler labor contract in doubt. United Auto Workers members at several Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV plants have rejected the proposal, indicating the auto maker is having a tough time selling a four-year deal that raises wages but falls short of expectations.

Amazon taps  on-demand  workers for deliveries. Amazon.com Inc. has quietly rolled out a program in its hometown of Seattle to ferry merchandise to customers  homes using a network of independent contractors. Under the new service, called Amazon Flex, people sign up for shifts through an app that prompts them to fetch packages from mini-warehouses and take them to customers  homes in as little as one hour. Amazon pays the drivers about $20 an hour to make the deliveries.

Coke cuts financial ties with health group. Coca-Cola Co. isn t renewing its financial sponsorship of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, part of a broader funding review after critics accused it of playing down the role of sugary drinks in obesity.

Nexstar Broadcasting makes bid for Media General. Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. offered to buy local-television station owner Media General Inc. in a bold attempt to break up its agreement to buy Meredith Corp. Neither Media General nor Meredith has indicated it intends to undermine the Nexstar deal, but theoretically, there s a way it could happen.

Cargill s Black River to split into three firms. Investment firm Black River Asset Management LLC will spin out of its parent company, agricultural giant Cargill Inc., and split into three separate employee-owned firms. Black River is expected to split into firms focused on its different business lines: relative-value fixed income, led by the strategy s chief investment officer, Jeff Drobny, which manages more than $2 billion, and businesses focused on emerging-market credit and private equity, which between the two of them manage about $3 billion.

GE to shift 350 jobs to Canada. General Electric Co. plans to cease manufacturing gas engines in Wisconsin and move 350 jobs to Canada to use that country s export-financing regime to pursue new business. The announcement is the latest from GE after Congress failed in July to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, the export financing entity in the U.S.

Whole Foods to cut 1,500 jobs. Whole Foods Market Inc. said it will cut 1,500 jobs, representing 1.6% of its workforce, over the next two months, as the natural-foods grocer works to lower its prices. The jobs being cut are regional and store positions, rather than at its Austin, Texas, headquarters.

Google cars to drive less like machines. Google says it is working on making its autonomous cars behave more like human drivers, modifying algorithms that would allow the vehicles to cut corners while turning and even edge into intersections. Since 2009, Google cars have been involved in 16 minor accidents, including 12 episodes where the cars were rear-ended, since 2009. At a conference in July Google s chief car expert Chris Urmson admitted that Google s cars are  a little more cautious than they need to be. 

REGULATION

Democrats on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform sent a letter to the committee s chairman Monday asking for a subpoena to make Valeant furnish documents explaining price increases on certain heart drugs. Ryan Remiorz/Associated Press

Congressional Democrats seek Valeant subpoena. Democrats on the House oversight committee are seeking a subpoena to force Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. to explain price increases for two heart drugs, spurring a 17% drop in shares. The stock had fallen more than 12% over the previous several days amid increasing criticism from law makers about drug-price increases.

Forex scandal drives shift to algorithmic trading. After paying billions in fines to settle allegations that traders tried to rig a key currency benchmark, banks are increasingly turning to computer programs to carry out foreign exchange trades. Behind the shift is banks  desire to shield themselves from any future misconduct by traders, and reduce the risk involved in handling some currency trades, according to bankers.

ECONOMY

New York Fed President William Dudley says he expects the Fed to raise interest rates this year. Eduardo Munoz/Reuters

Fed s Dudley: Still likely on track for 2015 rate rise. Federal Reserve Bank of New York President William Dudley said he continues to believe the U.S. central bank will be able to boost borrowing costs this year. The central bank could move at either of its two remaining scheduled policy meetings this year, in late October or mid-December, he said.

U.S. consumer spending up 0.4% in August.U.S. households increased their spending in August as incomes rose, suggesting that consumers will continue to support the economy despite turbulence in financial markets and slowing overseas growth.

U.S. government bonds rise. Persistent worries over the global economic outlook stoked demand for ultrasafe U.S. government bonds on Monday, with the yield on the 10-year Treasury note closing at the lowest level in more than a month.

CFO MOVES

Aspen Technology Inc., a process-manufacturing software company based in Bedford, Mass., named Karl Johnson finance chief, effective next month. He succeeds Mark Sullivan, who in April told the company he would resign at the end of September. Mr. Johnson, its controller for almost two years, will receive a salary of $325,000, the opportunity for an annual bonus targeted at that amount and an equity award valued at $1 million.

Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd., a Bermuda-based insurer, named Vanessa Hardy Pickering CFO of Hamilton Re, its reinsurance arm, effective Oct. 1. She is currently group controller. Compensation information wasn t disclosed.

Park City Group Inc., a consumer-goods supply-chain software company based in Salt Lake City, named Todd Mitchell CFO, effective immediately. He most recently served as director of research for Brean Capital LLC, where he followed the company as an analyst. He succeeds Ed Clissold, who will remain general counsel. Compensation information wasn t immediately disclosed.

The Morning Ledger from CFO Journal cues up the most important news in corporate finance every weekday morning. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: james.willhite@wsj.com. Get The Morning Ledger emailed to you each weekday morning by clicking here: http://on.wsj.com/TheMorningLedgerSignup. Follow us on Twitter @CFOJournal. S&P 500 Halts Five-Day Slide on Way to Worst Quarter Since 2011 The Standard & Poor s 500 Index halted a five-day slide, on the way to its worst quarter since 2011, after the benchmark came within five points of its August low before reversing in the final minutes of trading.

Equities swung between gains and losses as health-care companies rebounded, while biotechnology shares erased an early rally and Apple Inc. dragged technology companies lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index was briefly on track to close at an 11-month nadir before trimming its drop. The Russell 2000 Index slumped 0.6 percent to its worst level since October 17 amid its longest losing streak since 2006. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index fell for an eighth day, the most in nearly seven years.

The S&P 500 Index rose 0.1 percent to 1,884.09 at 4 p.m. in New York, and is down 4.5 percent in September on the way to back-to-back monthly declines. The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 47.24 points, or 0.3 percent, to 16,049.13. The Nasdaq Composite lost 0.6 percent as Apple sank 3 percent. About 7.9 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, about 8 percent above the three-month average.

 When we have spikes in volatility, like we did at the end of August, that s normally followed by some additional choppiness until it peters out,  said Kevin Caron, a market strategist and portfolio manager who helps oversee $170 billion at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. in Florham Park, New Jersey.  It s not uncommon to see this around changes in direction for key things like monetary policy. We still have this lingering volatility that we re working through. 

Stocks have been volatile in recent weeks amid confusion over the Federal Reserve s rate-tightening policy while concern lingers that an economic slowdown in Asia will curb demand for commodities and crimp global growth. The S&P 500 is poised for its worst quarter since 2011, down 8.7 percent. The benchmark is almost 12 percent below its all-time high set in May.

The turbulence underscores the disparity between investors confident in the U.S. economy and those concerned about sliding commodity prices and slowing Chinese growth. Fed officials insist the recovery has sufficient momentum to cope with higher interest rates. Still, the selloff in U.S. shares has prompted at least two of the bull market s biggest cheerleaders to cut their year-end forecasts for the S&P 500 by as much as 9.7 percent.

Goldman Sachs chief U.S. equity strategist David Kostin also lowered his year-end price target for the equity benchmark. He now estimates a level of 2,000, down from 2,100 earlier, because of slower than anticipated growth from the world s two biggest economies and lower-than-expected oil prices.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

 Nothing feels like it s going to bounce, especially given the fact that there s no real catalyst on the horizon for a couple weeks,  said Michael Antonelli, an institutional equity sales trader and managing director at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Milwaukee.  Earnings are probably the next catalyst that could help stem some of the losses here, but those don t really kick off meaningfully until October 12th and after. 

VIX Slips

A report today showed consumer confidence unexpectedly gained this month as persistent job gains helped Americans shake off the effects of tumbling stock prices. Another report showed home prices in 20 U.S. cities rose 5 percent in July from the same month a year earlier, propelled by improving demand and limited supply.

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index has closed above 20 for the past 27 sessions, the longest streak since January 2012. The measure of market turbulence known as the VIX fell 2.9 percent Tuesday to 26.83 after reaching a three-week high yesterday.

 Commodities are not looking good but the Fed s not hiking, so they re balancing each other out to some extent,  said Alessandro Bee, a strategist at Bank J Safra Sarasin Ltd. in Zurich.  There will be volatility because we get a lot of important numbers, but it s not easy to read what the data will imply for the Fed. 

Traders are split on whether the Fed will raise rates this year. They are pricing in about a 40 percent chance of an increase in December, and a 47 percent probability in January.

Health-Care Leads

Health-care companies were the strongest performers among the S&P 500 s 10 main industries, after the group dropped 11 percent over seven sessions. Technology shares were the biggest drag, sliding 0.6 percent while six groups advanced.

Medtronic Plc and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. rallied more than 2.5 percent to help propel health-care, snapping the group s longest losing streak in four years. Johnson & Johnson gained 1.8 percent. Deutsche Bank AG raised its rating on the shares to buy from hold, seeing the company as a  diversified safe haven with capital to deploy. 

The Nasdaq Biotech Index fell 0.6 percent after erasing a 3.9 percent rally. The gauge has dropped 15 percent in September, sliding into a bear market after reaching a record on July 20. Mylan NV lost 2.6 percent, and Allergan Plc. retreated 1.1 percent.

Yahoo! Inc. climbed 2.4 percent after the company said it s on track to spin off its stake of about $22 billion in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. this year.

Yahoo s board authorized the spinoff, even though the U.S. Internal Revenue Service declined to grant the company an advance ruling blessing the deal, Yahoo said in a filing Monday.

Apple slumped 3 percent after losing 2 percent yesterday to weigh on the benchmark s technology group. The shares are down 13 percent in the third quarter, the most since 2013. PayPal Holdings Inc. sank 5 percent for a 9.3 percent two-day decline, while Facebook Inc. lost 2.9 percent to extend its three-day drop to 8.2 percent.

Nike Inc. declined 2 percent, extending a 2.3 percent decline Monday after shares rallied almost 9 percent Friday following better-than-expected earnings. Nike Inc. won t renew its apparel contract with the University of Texas before the company s exclusive negotiating window expires on Oct. 1, according to people with direct knowledge of the talks.

That could put it in a bidding war with rivals, including Under Armour Inc. and Adidas AG, for the richest program in college sports. Under Armour slid 6.8 percent, the most in more than five weeks. Google Debuts New Chromecast TV Streaming Devices When it comes to TV streaming devices, Google s Chromecast is easily one of the best values. It s $35; it lets you stream shows from your smartphone, laptop, or tablet to your TV; and it s so easy to use that your technology averse Uncle Joe could figure it out. Just plug it into an HDMI slot in your HDTV and connect it to an app on your device.

But at more than 2 years old, the original Chromecast is now lagging behind Apple s new Apple TV and Amazon s new Fire TV. That s why Google is giving the Chromecast a much-needed upgrade, which might just make this little streaming stick the best on the market.

The new Chromecast gets a new disc-shaped design that Google says helps the device s three built-in antennas capture the best available Wi-Fi signal in your home.

In fact, Google says the new design and antenna configuration makes the new Chromecast better at picking up weak Wi-Fi signals, which is great if you re tired of seeing an endless loading screen on Netflix.

The new Chromecast also gets a built-in, flexible HDMI cable, rather than the separate clunky cable that came with the first Chromecast.

A smarter app

Chromecast uses your phone to let you find videos to watch and then stream them to your TV. But the original app left much to be desired.

To that end, Google has also updated the Chromecast s app. The new What s On feature tells you, well, what s on at the moment. So now, rather than trying to hunt through each of your apps to find something to watch, Chromecast will let you know by displaying a list of shows from all of your compatible Chromecast apps.

There s also a new Search feature that lets you look for shows, movies, or actors, and then displays your viewing options, so you can pick the one that s cheapest.

The updated Chromecast also gets a new Fast Play feature that can see what video app you re looking at on your phone, and automatically begin launching Chromecast, so you no longer have to wait as long for your videos to play.

For instance, if you re looking at Netflix on your phone, Fast Play will recognize that you ve recently watched an episode of  Narcos  and begin downloading the next one, so you can begin watching it instantly.

Chromecast Audio

In addition to the new video-oriented Chromecast, Google has also unveiled its new Chromecast Audio   an odd hockey-puck-shaped device that lets you stream audio across multiple audio devices over Wi-Fi.

Chromecast Audio plugs into any speaker that uses 3.5 mm audio jacks, as well as those that use RCA and optical audio inputs.

Connect your Chromecast Audio to your home s Wi-Fi network, and you ll be able to instantly start streaming music and podcasts from your smartphone or other device directly to the speaker.

According to Google, streaming audio via Wi-Fi is better than streaming over Bluetooth, because Bluetooth compresses audio files and Wi-Fi doesn t. Bottom line: Your music will sound crisper and clearer, and you won t drain your phone s battery quite so quickly.

Chromecast will also support multiple speaker synchronization, which means you can play the same song on all your speakers at the same time   provided they re all connected to a Chromecast Audio device.

Stay tuned for our hands-on take on both of these new streaming sticks.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at@DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-06-24
Facebook Hires Away Yahoo's Chief Information Security Officer Facebook Inc. is hiring Yahoo! Inc. s Alex Stamos as chief security officer, aiming to make the social-media company s products more secure as its membership swells to more than 1.44 billion users.

Stamos, 36, who was at Yahoo for more than a year, said in a Facebook post Wednesday that he ll start at Facebook on June 29. Stamos is filling a position vacated by Joe Sullivan, who left Facebook for Uber Technologies Inc. at the end of April.

Stamos said he s especially interested in helping Facebook stay secure as it works to add users in less-developed countries. The company has an initiative, called Internet.org, to increase the amount of people online. He has also been at odds with the U.S. government over whether technology companies should have given authorities access to users  encrypted communications.

 There is no company in the world that is better positioned to tackle the challenges faced not only by today s Internet users but for the remaining two-thirds of humanity we have yet to connect,  Stamos said of Facebook in the post.  The Facebook security team has demonstrated a history of innovation as well as a unique willingness to share those innovations with the world, and we will build upon that history in the years to come.  
2015-12-09
Yahoo reverses course on plan to spin off Alibaba stake Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo, participates in a panel discussion at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, California November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during her keynote address at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada January 7, 2014. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

SAN FRANCISCO/BENGALURU Yahoo Inc shelved plans to spin off its stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd on Wednesday, under pressure from activist investors worried about billions of dollars in taxes, and said instead it is looking at creating a separate company to hold the rest of its assets.

The decision, following three days of board deliberations last week, is an explicit rejection of Chief Executive Marissa Mayer's plan to spin off the Alibaba stake and may cloud her focus on reviving Yahoo's core business of selling ads on its popular news and sports websites.

Investors were unenthusiastic as they digested the complexity of the "reverse spin-off." Shares of Yahoo the were lower for most of the trading session, finishing own 1.3 percent at $34.40.

"You've got a sinking ship right now," said Jeffrey Carbone, senior partner with Cornerstone Financial Partners in Cornelius, North Carolina, a former Yahoo shareholder. "Yahoo is just a company in trouble."

The company, overtaken by Google, Facebook and others since pioneering the commercial web in the 1990s, said it had no plans to sell its core business, as some investors had hoped, but the move effectively invites offers for the new entity.

"There is no determination by the board to sell the company or any part of it," Yahoo Chairman Maynard Webb said on a call with investors. "We believe that the business remains very undervalued, and we are focused on realizing and unlocking that value."

The new publicly traded company will house Yahoo's Internet business and its 35 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, worth about $8.5 billion at current exchange rates.

Its Alibaba stake, worth more than $30 billion, accounts for the bulk of Yahoo's current market value of $32 billion.

But the creation of a new entity - which Yahoo said would take a year or more to conclude - will likely take Mayer's focus away from turning around the Internet business.

Mayer's efforts have so far had little tangible effect. Revenue has fallen slightly since she took the helm in mid-2012, and Yahoo's share of U.S. web searches is essentially flat with three years ago, gaining no ground on market leader Google.

"The challenges the Internet businesses face will not change because of a sale," said Murali Sankar, an analyst at Boenning & Scattergood. "Given the size and assets I think a sale is less likely, but could create tax efficiencies for the buyer if they wanted to divest certain assets."

Yahoo had intended to spin off its Alibaba stake by January, but the plan hit a hurdle in September when the Internal Revenue Service denied the company's request for a ruling on whether the transaction would be tax free, potentially costing shareholders billions in taxes.

Activist investor Starboard Value LP asked Yahoo in November to drop its Alibaba plans and sell its core search and display ad businesses instead. Starboard had previously supported the spinoff.

Given that the new entity would be of a lower value than the Alibaba stake, that would limit the tax liability if the transaction was not tax-free, analysts said.

In a worst-case scenario, the tax bill would be $5.3 billion, compared with the potential for a $13.3 billion hit from the Alibaba spinoff, Sterne Agee CRT analysts wrote in a note.

Yahoo executives said on a conference call they still believed the original spinoff would have been tax-free but the specter of a big tax bill had unnerved investors.

The new plan will require Yahoo to win the consent of a large cast of players including regulators, shareholders, bondholders, business partners and others "too many to name," Chief Financial Officer Ken Goldman said on the call.

The plan to spin off the Alibaba stake would have been far simpler, he added.

STILL AN ATTRACTIVE TARGET

Yahoo has struggled to grow its Internet business, which includes selling search and display ads on its news and sports sites and email service, in the face of competition from Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc.

But Yahoo.com still ranks fifth in terms of daily visits, according to monitoring firm Alexa, and this could make it an attractive target for a telecom carrier or private equity.

AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications Inc could be possible buyers for the Internet business, FBR Capital said. Verizon said on Monday it could look at buying Yahoo's core business if it was a strategic fit.

The chief executive of CBS, Leslie Moonves, said the media company would not pursue Yahoo, speaking at an event earlier this month.

Yahoo also announced that Max Levchin, co-founder of PayPal Holdings Inc, was resigning from the board because of the demands on his time, "not due to any disagreement with Yahoo on any matter related to Yahoo s operations, policies or practices."

(Reporting by Deborah M. Todd in San Francisco and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru, Jessica Toonkel and Sinead Carew in New York; Writing by Bill Rigby; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Bernard Orr and Leslie Adler) RBC Capital Weighs In On Two Popular Stocks: Sunedison Inc (SUNE), Yahoo! Inc ... A pedestrian walks past a Royal Bank of Canada office in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on Tuesday, Feb. 5, 2013. Canada?s dollar declined from almost a two-week high against its U.S. peer as stocks and commodities including crude oil, the nation?s biggest export, fluctuated. Photographer: Reynard Li/Bloomberg via Getty Images

The solar energy company Sunedison Inc (NYSE:SUNE) and online media giant Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) have been two of the most popular stocks among sell-side research firms on Wednesday. Here s what RBC Capital analysts have to say about Sunedison s merger agreement to acquire Vivint Solar, and Yahoo s decision to discontinue its efforts to spin-off its stake in Alibaba.

Sunedison Inc

Sunedison shares surged 16.74% to $4.03 following the news that SunEdison and Vivint Solar have reached an agreement to modify the terms of the merger agreement announced on July. 20, reducing the cash component, but increasing the level of stock.

RBC Capital analyst Mahesh Sanganeria commented,  Based on SUNE closing price of $3.45/share as of Dec 8, 2015, we estimate the new offer is approximately $12.35 for each VSLR share, representing about $4.15/share savings from the original offer of ~$16.50/share. 

 In addition to the change of acquisition price, SunEdison also allows Vivint Solar to elect to an all cash payment to VSLR stockholders, other than 313 Acquisition (a vehicle controlled by private equity funds managed by Blackstone), with the consent of 313 Acquisition. Should such option is exercised, 313 Acquisition would receive additional consideration of all SUNE common stock and convertible notes instead of cash for the amount of additional cash paid to public stockholders. Also, 313 Acquisition entered into a commitment to provide a $250M credit facility to fund the ongoing growth of SunEdison,  the analyst continued.

Sanganeria reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock, with a price target of $36, which implies huge upside of 794% from current levels.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Mahesh Sanganeria has a yearly average return of -1.4% and a 50.0% success rate. Sanganeria has a -13.5% average return when recommending SUNE, and is ranked #2678 out of 3640 analysts.

Out of the 16 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 6 months, 11 rate SunEdison stock a Buy, 3 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 275%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $15.10.

Yahoo! Inc

In addition, RBC Capital s Mark Mahaney reiterated a Hold rating on shares of Yahoo, with a price target of $42, after the company decided to discontinue its efforts to spin-off its stake in Alibaba due to concerns on the ultimate tax treatment.

Mahaney commented,  We view this latest development from Yahoo! as unsurprising, especially given the uncertainty around a potentially very large tax liability that would have existed had the spin gone ahead, and recent pressure from activist shareholders. Our thoughts on Yahoo! s core business remains unchanged, though we continue to believe that strategic value remains in the core business. We view this development neutrally, in part because it delays the timing of any potential separation of YHOO s core from the BABA stake by potentially a year or more. 

According to TipRanks.com, Mark Mahaney has a yearly average return of 24.3% and a 67.8% success rate. Mahaney has a 2.7% average return when recommending YHOO, and is ranked #3 out of 3640 analysts.

Out of the 38 analysts polled by TipRanks, 20 rate Yahoo! stock a Buy, while 18 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 32%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $44.32. Yahoo Sale Not Front and Center to Liberty Media, Maffei Says Liberty Media Corp. is focused on subscription-based companies like satellite-radio provider Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and cable operator Charter Communications Inc., and the ongoing speculation about what s next for Yahoo! Inc. isn t  front and center,  Chief Executive Officer Greg Maffei said.

 We are focused on subscription businesses,  Maffei said in an interview on Bloomberg TV Wednesday.  Those are businesses Liberty understands better. 

Yahoo! on Wednesday scrapped its long-planned spinoff of shares in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. amid mounting pressure from investors concerned about the tax risks of the deal. Instead, the Web portal will consider a plan to package all of its other assets into a new publicly traded company.

Among potential suitors, Verizon Communications Inc. CEO Lowell McAdam said he would consider a deal with Yahoo! Inc. if the tech company s board decides to sell it.

Liberty Media, which is controlled by cable magnate John Malone and holds interests in companies ranging from Time Warner Inc. to concert-promoter Live Nation Entertainment Inc., last month announced the creation of tracking stocks for the Atlanta Braves baseball team and Sirius XM, creating pure-play investments for those assets.

 The team has grown over time, the value of all baseball teams has grown,  Maffei said.

The Braves were worth $760 million in October 2013, or 17th among Major League Baseball s 30 franchises, according to data compiled by Bloomberg News. That valuation represented the team s stake in MLB Advanced Media and the value of its baseball-related activity.

Maffei said earlier this week at the UBS Global Media and Communications Conference that he hopes to  dramatically  increase the team s revenue with the stadium, SunTrust Park, that is slated to open in 2017.

 The management of the Braves has done a great job with the new stadium and new TV contract,  he said on Bloomberg TV. EU explores whether Google, Yahoo should pay for showing online news snippets A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

The new Google logo is seen at the Google headquarters in Mountain View, California November 13, 2015. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

BRUSSELS The European Union is looking into whether services such as Google News and Yahoo News should pay to display snippets of news articles, wading into a bitter debate between the online industry and publishers.

The European Commission, the EU's executive, said on Wednesday it will consider whether "any action specific to news aggregators is needed, including intervening on the definition of rights."

The move came as Brussels unveiled plans to loosen copyright rules in the 28-member bloc in order to allow citizens to watch more content online.

Dubbed the "Google Tax", making online services pay to display news snippets has sparked fierce opposition from both the tech industry and some publishers.

Google News pulled out of Spain when a law was passed that would have forced it to pay for re-publishing headlines or snippets, and in Germany, Axel Springer SE, the country's top publisher, had to scrap a move to block Google from running snippets of articles from its newspapers because traffic to its sites plunged.

The Commission said it had no plans to tax hyperlinks, but was looking at the situations in France and Spain to see if they were delivering on their objectives. The Computer and Communications Industry Association (CCIA), whose members include Google (part of Alphabet Inc), Yahoo! Inc and Microsoft Corp, called the idea of a link and snippet tax "ill-founded, controversial and detrimental to all players."

A group of 12 publishers and their associations including French newspaper Les Echos wrote to the Commission last week urging it not to introduce a Google Tax as it would make it harder for them to be discovered online.

Guenther Oettinger, EU Commissioner responsible for digital affairs, said it was too early to say whether search engines should pay to display snippets and a decision will only be reached by the second quarter of 2016.

(Editing by David Holmes) Max Levchin Resigns From Yahoo's Board Of Directors Max Levchin has resigned from Yahoo's board of directors, the company announced in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Wednesday.

Levchin was a co-founder of PayPal and Slide, and resigned Dec. 4 due to his  other professional commitments and demands on his time, and not due to any disagreement with Yahoo on any matter related to Yahoo s operations, policies or practices,  the filing said.

A serial entrepreneur who helped to launch tech companies such as PayPal and Yelp, Levchin is a well-regarded figure in Silicon Valley and his presence on Yahoo s board was a strong endorsement of the tech corporation. He worked with Yahoo s CEO Marissa Mayer when she was at Google.

Photo: Getty

News of Levchin's departure follows reports that Yahoo will not spin off its shares of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba and instead is discussing a sale of its core Web search business. Dow, DuPont, Yahoo -- Activist Shareholders Hit a Trifecta Activist investors are showing they couldn t care less about the size and stature of their target companies.

In the space of 24 hours, DuPont Co. and Dow Chemical Co. -- two symbols of U.S. industrial might -- and Yahoo! Inc. -- a star of the early Internet age -- each set in motion a change in course after coming under pressure from activists. The events were the latest and most dramatic evidence of the increasing power of these shareholders to influence managements of storied American corporations.

Dow and DuPont, both among the oldest chemical companies in the U.S., are in late-stage talks to merge and then be broken up, according to people familiar with the matter. And Yahoo, the once go-to Internet site and e-mail address for millions of people, is considering splitting the business in two, scrapping a plan to spin off its shares in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.

While the activists didn t get everything they had called for, the corporate restructurings come after each company was criticized by activists unhappy with their financial performance.

 Management teams, even in large cap companies, are under pressure to perform and are being very closely monitored by investors,  said Bruce Goldfarb, president and chief executive officer of proxy advisory firm Okapi Partners.

Third Point



In Dow s case, Dan Loeb s Third Point LLC mounted a tried-and-true activist campaign early last year, pushing the company to separate its petrochemicals business from its specialty chemicals, citing the company s failure to meet its own expectations.

Dow responded with plans for share buybacks, dividends and more asset sales, while rejecting Loeb s restructuring approach. But Dow agreed in November 2014 to put two of Loeb s nominees on the board and an additional two directors named by the company.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

At DuPont, Nelson Peltz and his Trian Fund Management launched a proxy fight earlier this year in an effort to put four representatives on the board. The chemicals giant fought back, hammering its message that then-CEO Ellen Kullman was already steering the company toward a better valuation. It also had engaged in settlement talks with Peltz but they fell apart over the activist s insistence that he join the board.

Peltz lost the proxy vote in May, yet it proved to be a cautionary tale for corporate executives. DuPont s stock tanked and Kullman lost her job five months later. The resignation came hours after Trian co-founder Ed Garden said the firm had increased its stake.

 Watershed Moment 

Given the close vote, it showed that even large companies were vulnerable to activist shareholders holding small stakes, said Ken Squire, president of 13D Monitor, which tracks activist campaigns.

 The proxy fight at DuPont was a watershed moment for activism,  he said.  Now, CEOs and management are thinking, why do we need to make this so polarized? 

If the merger between Dow and DuPont takes place, the company would break into three businesses -- agriculture, specialty chemicals and commodity chemicals -- because of regulatory and other issues.

Yahoo had its wake up call from activist Starboard Value LP s Jeff Smith. After he began by calling for a sale or merger in September 2014, Smith ratcheted up his demands, telling the company in November to drop the Alibaba spinoff and put itself up for sale.

Starboard got a partial victory. Yahoo on Wednesday said it was ditching the Alibaba spinoff amid investor concerns that it would produce a huge tax bill. And the company said it would look into a spinoff of its core business into a new publicly traded company, rather than selling it as Starboard had suggested.

Strong Year



Activists have had a strong year generally in getting their way. Companies have settled within 56 days on average after an activist demands board representation, compared with 67 days last year and 74 days in 2013, data from Activist Insight show.

What s more, activists were successful about 74 percent of the time last year in getting companies to make at least some of the changes they requested, according to the report, compiled for an October conference hosted by Schulte Roth & Zabel, a law firm that often works for activists.

While activists have gained a place  at the governance table,  said Adam Emmerich, a partner at Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz, management and boards are  uniquely situated, and obligated, to make decisions in the best interests of the companies they serve." The law firm has long criticized activists as too short-termed focus.

Still, it s likely their campaigns will only increase. Funds managed by activists climbed to $129.7 billion as of mid-2015, almost doubling from the $65.5 billion they had to play with in 2012, data from HFR show. What Went Wrong at Yahoo and Dropbox For all the time I spent researching Apple I became a late convert to the Church of Corporate Culture. I always thought of culture as a squishy topic that wasn t as important as organizational behavior experts would have you believe. Then, examining Apple s culture, I decided I was wrong. It is super important. Indeed, the meme  culture trumps strategy  has become a business truism , including in Silicon Valley.

That said, I write today in defense of strategy. It turns out that bad strategy or even challenged strategy will outweigh the best of cultures.

Take Yahoo (please, as the old comics might say). It had one of the winningest cultures in Silicon Valley. But it got outmaneuvered on technology by Google and then couldn t figure out if it was a technology company or a media company. It still doesn t know. Yahoo ( yhoo ) has twisted in the wind for years, binged on acquisitions, and see-sawed on what to do with its most valuable assets. This morning, Yahoo officially acknowledged that it won t pursue a previously announced sale of its stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba and instead will sell its core business. Yahoo s strategy hasn t worked in a long time.

Another example is privately held Dropbox, which pioneered an easy-to-use file storage system. Dropbox, valued at $10 billion, badly wanted to be a consumer business. It developed a nifty photo-organization tool and bought a neat email program. But the money is in less-cool business applications, and Dropbox was slow to shift its strategy to acknowledge that. It is now closing the two cool tools in favor of focusing on business customers.

Japanese phone and Internet giant SoftBank has been a strategic master, led by the visionary Masayoshi Son. He wanted into the U.S. telecommunications market and bought Sprint, hoping to merge it with T-Mobile. That was a bold strategic move that was stymied by regulators. Up next? Son is relying on former Google business head Nikesh Arora to find him a great investment or three, as Erin Griffith entertainingly and insightfully describes in the current issue of Fortune .

Culture, product development, leadership: They re all important. But sometimes strategy trumps them all.

This article first appeared in the daily Fortune newsletter Data Sheet. Subscribe here for a daily dose of analysis from Adam Lashinsky and a curation of the day s technology news from Heather Clancy. Mayer to Leave Yahoo in 6-12 Months, Says NYU's Galloway Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

47:47 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-11-22
How Indian firms are trying to survive global slump in ad tech Companies such as InMobi Technologies Pvt. Ltd and Tyroo Technologies have shifted to enable e-commerce through product discovery, a move that puts them in direct competition with Google and Facebook. Photo: Bloomberg

As Facebook Inc. and Google Inc. continue to dominate digital advertising sales, Indian ad tech companies are betting on two diverging and unproven strategies to try and survive the onslaught from the global technology giants.

Companies such as InMobi Technologies Pvt. Ltd and Tyroo Technologies have shifted to enable e-commerce through product discovery, a move that puts them in direct competition with Google and Facebook.

Other ad tech firms, such as Adadyn Technologies Pvt. Ltd, are improving technology and making products to enable easier automated buying of ads, called programmatic advertising.

It s not clear which strategy, the commerce-led ad tech or programmatic advertising, will yield the results and allow the Indian firms to thrive amid a global contraction in ad tech.

The last two years saw companies like AOL Inc., Google and Yahoo! Inc. and Facebook Inc. aggressively buy smaller firms. AOL, which itself was bought out by Verizon Communications Inc., bought five ad-tech companies in this time frame. In a telling 2015 global mobile ad-sector landscape chart by LUMA partners, an investment bank that advises digital media firms, of the 80 firms listed under  ad networks,  29 have been acquired, and two have been shuttered.

With mobile-first becoming a norm in India and other emerging economies, ad tech companies came under pressure to evolve, said Siddharth Puri, chief executive of Tyroo Technologies, a unit of SVG Media, which is one of the companies that is developing products in the commerce space along with InMobi.

Eventually though,  commerce and programmatic buying will converge over a period of time. It cannot remain separate,  said Rutvik Doshi, director at Inventus Capital Partners, a venture capital firm which invested in Vizury.

Global web advertising revenue is forecast to grow to $239.9 billion in 2019 from $135.4 billion in 2014, according to consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mobile advertising is the key driver of growth around the world, with advertisers expected to spend $64.25 billion worldwide in 2015, an increase of nearly 60% over the previous year, according to Technology Business Research, Inc.

Earlier this year, InMobi launched Miip, which tracks users  browsing habits across various mobile apps and shows ads in the form of text bubbles instead of the traditional display ads. It is a big bet for the company that is backed by SoftBank, Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers, and Sherpalo.

Adadyn has a different approach. Its CEO Kiran Gopinath says he would rather focus on making audience management for marketers easier and better, something they will always need. He claims Adadyn s self-serve platform makes it easy for marketers with little or no technical knowledge to manage their ad campaigns.

Other companies that have products in the same space include Komli Media (a unit of SVG Media), Vserv Digital Services Pvt Ltd., DataWrkz Pte Ltd, Kratos Ads Pte Ltd, and Vizury Interactive Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Programmatic buying cuts out middle-men and the need for extended sales teams.  From a risk point of view, the shift to programmatic means you re opening up yourself to bigger competition,  said Doshi.

Right now, the problem with programmatic advertising is how one deals with issues such as excess inventory (which drives down prices), or fraud inventory (there is no simple way to ensure the ads are being seen by real humans and not bots as it is completely automated). For all its claims of democratising advertising, the whole process is also very complex.

Despite the troubles,  pure programmatic-based platforms will always be important because that s where you ll get a larger share of eyeballs,  said Karan Mohla, executive director of IDG Ventures India, an investor in ad-tech companies SilverPush Inc, Vserv, and Adadyn.

The challenge for these firms is to evolve with the market.

 One path is a programmatic path, the other is commerce; eventually when you have to converge will you be able to?  asks Inventus  Doshi.

Globally, ad-tech has been in a bit of a slump with stocks of the listed companies plunging over the past year, including those of two of the industry s biggest companies Rocket Fuel Inc, and Millennial Media Inc in part due to the continued dominance of Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. in the digital advertising domain, and Apple Inc. s announcement of support for ad blockers in its latest mobile operating system iOS 9.

In India and other emerging economies though, with the wealth of data becoming available with millions of consumers coming online through smartphones, companies are optimistic about the opportunities that advertising on mobile offers, and are creating products either focused on mobile, or that are cross-channel at the very least.

That s attracting more companies to the business in India.

Mobvista International Technology Ltd, a mobile advertising and game publishing firm, is planning to invest as much as $100 million in India in three years. Cheetah Mobile Inc. launched its own ad-tech platform here in September.

 (Those who bet on programmatic) have taken the technology route, but InMobi and others have taken more like a marketplace approach. It s a different play and both have their own place in the ecosystem. If there is no technology innovation then also the ecosystem will saturate,  said Manish Singhal, an angel investor who has invested in AdSparx and AdPushup, which make technology to increase ads  efficiency. 
2015-05-27
Yahoo must face email spying class action: US judge The Yahoo logo is shown at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California April 16, 2013. The company will release its quarterly results on Tuesday. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

A U.S. judge ordered Yahoo Inc to face a nationwide class-action lawsuit accusing it of illegally intercepting the content of emails sent to Yahoo Mail subscribers from non-Yahoo Mail accounts, and using the information to boost advertising revenue.

In a decision late Tuesday night, U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California said people who sent emails to or received emails from Yahoo Mail subscribers since Oct. 2, 2011 may sue as a group under the federal Stored Communications Act for alleged privacy violations.

She also said a class of non-Yahoo Mail subscribers in California since Oct. 2, 2012 may sue as a group under that state's Invasion of Privacy Act.

Holders of non-Yahoo Mail accounts accused Yahoo of copying and then analyzing their emails, including keywords and attachments, with a goal of creating "targeted advertising" for its estimated 275 million Yahoo Mail subscribers, in addition to detecting spam and malware.

They sought an injunction barring the alleged interceptions, as well as damages. Yahoo in 2014 generated 79 percent of its revenue from search and display advertising.

A class action can make it easier to obtain larger damages and more sweeping remedies at lower cost. The plaintiffs estimated that the nationwide class of non-Yahoo Mail subscribers has more than 1 million members.

Rebecca Neufeld, a Yahoo spokeswoman, said the Sunnyvale, California-based company cannot comment on active litigation.

Koh rejected Yahoo's arguments that some plaintiffs consented to its activity by emailing Yahoo subscribers even after learning how it used the information, and that the alleged injuries were too disparate to justify class certification.

She distinguished the case from her March 2014 refusal to certify a similar class action against Google Inc on behalf of Gmail and non-Gmail subscribers because it was hard to determine which users consented to Google's activity.

"Yahoo may have to, as a practical matter, adjust its scanning practices on an individual basis," Koh wrote. "That

does not, however, change the fact that plaintiffs seek uniform relief from a common policy that Yahoo applies to all class members."

Daniel Girard, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, declined to comment.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Christian Plumb) YouTube is worth more than eBay, Yahoo and Starbucks: B. of A. Merrill Lynch Getty Images YouTube star Joseph Garrett has fans spanning all ages

YouTube boasts more than 1 billion active users a month, in line with social-media behemoth Facebook Inc.   and analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch say the video site now has a valuation near $80 billion, which is bigger than the market caps of Yahoo Inc., eBay Inc. and a number of other well-known companies in the S&P 500.

 YouTube is a big asset that warrants a big valuation,  Merrill Lynch research analyst Justin Post said in a note to clients this week.

He said he believes the site   on whose platform users spend more time than they do on Instagram and Twitter, according to comScore   accounts for roughly 20% of parent company Google s GOOGL, -0.15% market capitalization of $368 billion.

The valuation was calculated using a seven-times-revenue multiple, which Post said is a discount to the revenue multiples he applies to Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% , LinkedIn Corp. US:LNKD and Twitter TWTR, -0.83% . His estimate is calling for YouTube revenue growth of 34% this year to $8 billion, and he foresees that figure growing to $13 billion by 2017.

For perspective, here are 10 of the better-known S&P 500 companies currently carrying lower valuations, according to their market capitalizations:

eBay Inc. EBAY, +0.18% has a market cap of $71.3 billion. The company is expected to spin off PayPal, which some analysts have estimated is worth $50 billion, later this year. Its shares are up nearly 15% over the past 12 months, compared with an 11% improvement for the broader S&P 500. Shares were trading up 1.2% to $59.45 on Wednesday.

Starbucks Corp. SBUX, -0.12% is valued at $76.2 billion. The world s biggest coffee chain, which reported revenue of $16.4 billion in fiscal 2014, has seen its shares rise 40% over the past 12 months, vastly outperforming the S&P 500. They were up 1.4% to $51.55 on Wednesday.

Costco Wholesale Corp. COST, -0.78% is valued at $63 billion. The wholesale retailer s shares are up 28% over the last 12 months, outperforming the S&P 500. They were up 1.6% at $145.50 on Wednesday. The company reported revenue of $112.6 billion in fiscal 2014.

Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.19% is valued at $60.2 billion. The government contractor, which makes fighter jets and helicopters, reported revenue of $45.6 billion in fiscal 2014. Its shares are up 17.2% over the past 12 months, outpacing the S&P 500, and were up 0.2% to $190.95 on Wednesday.

Dow Chemical Co. DOW, -1.39% has a market cap of $58.4 billion. Shares of the Midland, Mich. based chemical company, which reported revenue of $58.2 billion in fiscal 2014, are up just 0.5% over the past 12 months, underperforming the S&P 500. They were up 1.2% to $51.21 in recent trades on Wednesday.

Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -1.86% is valued at $53 billion. The tractor and farm-equipment maker reported revenue of $55.6 billion in fiscal 2014, but its shares are down 15.1% over the past 12 months, though they had traded up 0.2% to $88.02 by midafternoon Wednesday.

Duke Energy Corp. DUK, -0.23% is valued at $52.4 billion. The Charlotte, N.C. based utility had 2014 operating revenue of $23.9 billion. Its shares are up 8% over the last 12 months, underperforming the S&P 500. They traded up 0.6% to $76.17 on Wednesday.

FedEx Corp. FDX, -1.38% is valued at $49.4 billion. The shipping company, the second biggest in the U.S. behind United Parcel Services UPS, -0.47% , which has a market cap of $90.5 billion, reported fiscal 2014 revenue of $45.6 billion. Its shares are up 23.5% over the past 12 months, outperforming the S&P 500.

Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% has a market cap of $40.2 billion. The company was downgraded to hold from buy Wednesday at Evercore on concerns that its big holding in Alibaba will face heavier-than-expected tax scrutiny. However, its shares have risen 22.3% over the past 12 months, better doubling the gain of the S&P 500, and traded up 0.3% to $43 recently. The company reported revenue of $4.6 billion for fiscal 2014.

Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.63% is valued at $37.3 billion. The video-streaming company has gained significant steam in recent quarters thanks to a growing number of people cutting the traditional cable cord. Its shares are up 55.7% over the past 12 months, versus the S&P 500 s gain of 11%. Much of that growth has occurred over the last three months. This Single String of Text Can Crash Your iPhone's Messages App If you ve got an iPhone, and a particularly obnoxious group of friends, you might want to avoid checking your text messages today.

That s because a new exploit has been found that lets someone send you a specific line of text that can crash your iPhone s Messages app, and in some cases crash the phone entirely.

We re going to show the string of text as an image here, so that you and your nasty friends can t just copy it down and freeze each other s phones. If you really want to see the code, you can just find it on Reddit, or Twitter with a quick search.

Ready? Here s the text:

According to Gizmodo, if you receive the text string, it will lock down your Messages app until you receive a new message in the conversation. The second message doesn t have to be anything in particular. It can be gibberish or a novella: As long as it s sent to the same conversation it will repair the lockout issue.

The Verge reports that if you have your Messages app open when you receive the text, you won t be able to reopen the conversation without the app crashing. If you get the text while on your phone s lock screen, you won t be able to open the Messages app at all.

The site 9to5Mac says that the text can crash some iPhones entirely, causing them to reboot them without warning. And there s a report that the nasty string also works on messaging service WhatsApp, too.

Still, even that problem can be resolved if your awful friend sends you a second text.

The problem, though, besides being incredibly annoying, is that a person can send you the offending message, and, if he is a truly heartless monster, decide not to send a second text to fix the error.

Thankfully, 9to5Mac says that you can send yourself a message using Siri or your Mac to cancel out the effects of the illicit text.

This isn t the first, and won t be the last, issue discovered with Apple s iOS, which many people say is far more secure than Google s Android.

Take for instance, the issues that resulted from downloading Apple s iOS 8.1 update. The download caused everything from Wi-Fi problems to battery issues for iPhone owners. But after receiving complaints, the company fired off a new update in relatively short order.

Just last month, an exploit was discovered in Apple s iOS operating system that let a hacker continuously restart a person s iPhone or iPad as many times as they wanted if the person connected to a certain Wi-Fi hotspot.

The good news is that if past precedent holds, Apple is likely already aware of the text problem and hard at work on a fix.

via: Gizmodo, The Verge, 9to5Mac



Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook here!

 Primecap Management increases its stake in Yahoo! Primecap Management Company (Trades, Portfolio) was founded in September 1983 in Pasadena, California. It manages Vanguard Primecap Fund, Vanguard Capital Opportunity Fund, and Vanguard Primecap Core Fund.. Primecap was founded by Chairman and Chief Investment Officer Howard B. Schow, Vice Chairman Mitchell J. Milias, and President Theo A. Kololotrones.

Primecap team evaluates securities based on their outlook over a three to five year time horizon, with the intention of holding them considerably longer if their fundamentals warrant it. They believe successful investment decisions rests in correctly appraising the relationship between the fundamental value of a company and the market price of its stock. A company may be valuable because of its free cash flow, its assets, or both; however, a company will be a superior investment only if it is purchased at the right price. Primecap only invests in their highest conviction ideas.

Last quarter, Primecap increased its stake in Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) by buying 1,503,200 shares. As of March 31, 2015, the firm was holding 2,310,000 shares of the company. The following chart shows Primecap's holding history in the company.

Yahoo!'s stock appears grossly undervalued. The company's stake in Alibaba is worth ~$40 billion and Yahoo! Japan is worth ~$7 billion. Yet Yahoo!'s market capitalization is just $42 billion. The recent plan of management to spin off its Alibaba holdings into a separate company   Spin Co   by the end of 2015 will remove some of this discrepancy. This structure will improve valuation transparency for both Spin Co and Yahoo!.

The company's core business continues to improve but main focus of investors remains on the monetization of Yahoo!'s stake in AliBaba (BABA) and Yahoo Japan. Yahoo indicated that it intends to "look for sensible ways to realize the value" of its patent and intellectual property portfolio.

According to Morgan Stanley (MS) analyst Brian Nowak, "the core turnaround continues, but YHOO remains focused on monetizing its assets, as it announced it has retained advisors to "determine the most promising opportunities to maximize value" around its 35.5% Yahoo! Japan (YJ) stake. 

Post spinoff, one company will be the currently existing Yahoo! entity which will include the Yahoo! Operating business and its 35.5% equity ownership in Yahoo! Japan joint venture. The second company   Spin Co   will be the newly formed entity which will be a registered investment company and will include Yahoo's 15.4% ownership of Alibaba shares. Spin Co will also include a legacy ancillary active trading business of Yahoo! with ~$50 million in adjusted EBITDA.

The stock in the new company will be distributed pro rata to Yahoo! shareholders. It will be led by an independent and newly appointed management team and board of directors. The composition of Spin Co's board of directors and management team and other details of transaction including the distribution ratio will be announced prior to the close of the transaction. Spin Co will assume no debt as part of transaction, and this distribution will be tax free.

The spinoff of Alibaba stake is almost finalized, and it will improve the valuation transparency of the company's core business and its holding in other companies. Hence, I am bullish on the company.

About the author: Yahoo! Inc must face email spying class action - Reuters  
2015-11-20
Yahoo Restricts Ad-Blocking Software for Some Email Users Photo

Millions of people swear by the ad blocker, software that lets you browse the web free of online advertising. The companies who want you to see the ads are starting to push back.

On Friday, dozens of people took to web forums and social media to complain that they were blocked from their Yahoo email accounts unless they switched off their ad blockers.

The issue seems to have first appeared early on Thursday when  portnoyd,  a user on the AdBlock Plus online support forum, was served a pop-up with an ultimatum: Turn off your ad blocker, or forget about getting to your email.

Yahoo confirmed the reports, which were discovered by Digiday. Yahoo, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., did not say how many users were affected.

 At Yahoo, we are continually developing and testing new product experiences,  Anne Yeh, a Yahoo spokeswoman, said in a statement.  This is a test we re running for a small number of Yahoo Mail users in the U.S. 

The developments with Yahoo Mail add another facet to the debate over ad blocking. While ad blockers have been available for desktop web browsers for some time, Apple in September enabled ad blocking to happen on the mobile web through its iOS9 mobile operating system.

Web publishers fretted that ads on their sites couldn t be viewed, which would threaten their livelihoods. Ads underlie much of the web and enable the creation of free content, and limiting ads violates that implicit understanding, some advertisers and publishers said at the time.

A report about the spreading usage of ad blocking over the summer also stoked a wave of anxiety among advertisers and publishers. But while the report indicated a rising number of users were downloading ad blocking software on desktop computers, it remains to be seen how many people will use blockers on their mobile devices.

Still, many in the industry say that the increased focus on ad blocking has spurred some publishers to reconsider their advertising models, particularly for their mobile sites. Besides Yahoo, some publishers are considering ways to strip out or reduce traditional web display ads on both desktop and mobile sites, and instead generate revenue through sponsorships or so-called native advertising.

Yahoo is facing mounting pressure to turn around the company after years of waning search and advertising revenue and a decrease in traffic to its homepage, once a major destination in the world of digital media. Grading Marissa Mayer's Yahoo Turnaround Attempts Marissa Mayer s three-year effort to turn around Yahoo has been a major-league leadership saga, as it was destined to be. Events of the past few days suggest   but don t yet dictate   that the saga is in its final chapters.

Yahoo ( yhoo ) was a mess when Mayer left Google to take over as CEO in July 2012. At that time, no major troubled Internet company had ever been turned around, and this looked like as good a test as any of whether it was even possible. Mayer had been a star executive at Google and was widely hailed as a brilliant hire.

In a sense, she has done what she was hired to do, changing strategic direction and making bold investments. But the numbers tell the unhappy story of how her moves have worked out so far. Yahoo s market cap is $31 billion. Its stake in Alibaba (acquired long before Mayer arrived) is worth $30 billion, and its stake in Yahoo Japan (ditto) is worth $8.1 billion. Apply some tax-related discounts to those values to reflect what the company could actually net by selling, and add $7.6 billion of cash and other current assets Yahoo held as of September 30, and we see that investors figure Yahoo s actual businesses are worth approximately nothing.

That situation is not, as they say, sustainable. Fortune s Erin Griffith explains how activist investor Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value Fund bought a big stake in Yahoo last year and reasonably urged Mayer to off-load its Alibaba and Yahoo Japan holdings so investors could buy or sell them separately from Yahoo. Mayer developed a plan to do so but ran into a problem: The IRS would not assure Yahoo that spinning off those investments in the way planned would be tax-free. Yahoo s board decided the risk was worth taking and announced it would go ahead. Now, Smith has concluded the plan is too risky and is pressing Mayer and the board to do the opposite, sort of sell Yahoo s core operating businesses wholly or in pieces for whatever they might fetch, leaving Yahoo as merely a vessel for owning shares of Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.

Smith argues that, without such drastic action, Yahoo is in an irretrievable vortex of doom because it can t attract top-level talent with stock incentives, since the stock s performance merely reflects the performance of Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. Without the best talent, the company can never build its business to a point where it outweighs the performance of the Asian assets, leaving the company forever trapped.

Of course, Mayer disagrees vehemently with that reasoning, telling Wall Street analysts recently that the company is well positioned  to deliver long-term sustainable growth for our investors.  But investors have zero reason to believe her assurances, which is why envisioning any kind of long-term future for Yahoo is growing increasingly hard.

Maybe no one could have saved Yahoo. Or maybe Mayer still can and will. But how about this for a leadership challenge: One way or another, it seems likely that Yahoo s businesses will soon be standing on their own, trying to persuade the world that they re worth anything at all.

Sign up for Power Sheet , Fortune s daily morning newsletter on leaders and leadership. 
2015-01-29
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Will Spin Off Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Jay Taylor: It is the moment Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) investors have been nervously awaiting.

Yesterday, along with the company s latest quarterly earnings report, Yahoo s CEO Marissa Mayer announced what the struggling tech company intends do with its massive stake in e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA).

Yahoo will split its entire stake in Alibaba into a separate company, with plans to complete the Alibaba spinoff by the end of this year.

In 2005 Yahoo s founder and then-CEO Jerry Yang decided to invest in Alibaba. Though the young e-commerce company had only just turned a profit four years prior, Yang s investment in Alibaba has grown into what is clearly Yahoo s most valuable asset.

As of yesterday, Yahoo holds 384 million shares of Alibaba stock. The stake is large enough to make up 15.4% of Alibaba s total shares outstanding and is worth nearly $40 billion. To give you some idea of the importance Mayer s Alibaba decision for Yahoo shareholders, consider that Yahoo s entire market capitalization was $46.84 billion at yesterday s market close.

Shareholders seem to like the plan, as Yahoo stock jumped up 7% in after-hours trading before settling in for a 6.5% gain.

Why the Alibaba spinoff?

Mayer said it best herself in a videotaped statement released along with the announcement.  If sold or transferred through ordinary means, the proceeds would be taxable at approximately 40%.  She went on to say that the tax liability created by a traditional sale would result in a $16 billion tax bill for the company, roughly $16 per share.

The solution? Yahoo s tax-free Alibaba spinoff. In her video announcement, Mayer laid out the plan with the following graphic.

Source: Business Insider

Essentially, Yahoo is spinning off its entire Alibaba stake as well as another  ancillary business  and retaining both its core operations and its stake in Yahoo Japan. The new company will trade as a completely separate public company.

And if you re wondering why the move makes sense consider this additional graphic that Mayer used in her video announcement.

Source: Business Insider

By executing the tax-free Alibaba spin off, Yahoo will be able to avoid $3.31 in taxes. Meanwhile, Mayer pointed to Yahoo management s successful efforts to avoid a legal requirement to sell more of its stake in Alibaba as part of the company s 2014 IPO.

Mayer pointed out that she and her team were able to hold onto approximately 122 million additional shares. When you add in the $4.38 billion that those shares have appreciated since Alibaba s IPO you arrive at $7.7 billion in shareholder value that has been built by Mayer and her team.

Whether or not you attribute the Alibaba spin off and Yahoo s ability to hold onto the large block of additional shares to Mayer s effectiveness as a CEO, this seems to me like a very positive result for the young CEO. Based on the pop in shares during after hours trading, it is safe to say that Yahoo investors view this as a positive outcome for themselves as well.

Of course, Yahoo s earnings report itself was nothing special.

Earnings per share and revenue figures were roughly in-line with analyst expectations and display advertising revenue actually fell compared to the same quarter of last year. The major bright spot I see in the earnings report itself is revenue growth of Yahoo s mobile advertising unit, rising 22% year-over-year.

That said, the earnings report itself isn t what investors will focus on. Certainly the Alibaba spin off is the big news and it is, indeed, good news for Yahoo investors.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Jay Taylor from Wyatt Research. Go Gold-Digging: Watch 'Black Sea' Clip and Enter Giveaway (Exclusive) In Black Sea, Jude Law plays a Scottish submarine captain on the hunt for Nazi gold hidden in depths of the sea.

As it appears in the above exclusive clip, he and his crew are on the verge of finding the treasure. But that s where the trouble begins.

Once the crew find the sunken treasure, greed and desperation take hold, and lives are in jeopardy.

Also starring Scoot McNairy (Argo) and Ben Mendelsohn (Killing Them Softly) and helmed by Oscar winner Kevin Macdonald (The Last King of Scotland, The Eagle), Black Sea opens nationwide on Friday.

You can win a real-looking gold bar signed by Jude Law and Kevin Macdonald!

Here s how to enter the giveaway:

Step 1: Follow @YahooMovies on Twitter

Step 2: Tweet this message:

I struck gold @YahooMovies: http://yhoo.it/1yENL9N #BlackSea #YGiveaway @FocusFeatures

Note: One entry per person/email address/Twitter handle.

Step 3: The giveaway ends 11:59 p.m. PT on February 4, 2015. Winners will be notified on Twitter and will receive a Direct Message with further information. Keep in mind, this giveaway is open to U.S. residents only.

     -

Official Rules: Yahoo! Movies Giveaway: Signed Black Sea Gold Bar

THE FOLLOWING PROMOTION (THE  PROMOTION ) IS INTENDED FOR PLAY IN THE FIFTY UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ONLY (COLLECTIVELY, THE  ELIGIBILITY AREA ) AND SHALL ONLY BE CONSTRUED AND EVALUATED ACCORDING TO UNITED STATES LAW. DO NOT ENTER THIS PROMOTION IF YOU ARE NOT LOCATED IN, AND A LEGAL RESIDENT OF, THE ELIGIBILITY AREA. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING. ENTRY IN THIS PROMOTION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES.

1. Eligibility: You must be a legal resident of the Eligibility Area and 13 years or older at the time of entry. Void in overseas U.S. territories, possessions, commonwealths and military installations, and where prohibited by law. Employees and agents of Yahoo!, ( Sponsor ), Twitter, Inc. ( Twitter ), their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotional agencies, any other prize sponsor, and any entity involved in the development, production, implementation, administration or fulfillment of the Promotion (all of the foregoing, together with Yahoo!, collectively referred to as  Promotion Entities ), and the immediate family members and persons living in the same household as such individuals, whether related or not, are not eligible to participate or win. Twitter is not a sponsor of, or is in any way affiliated with, this Promotion.

2. How To Enter: a. Registration: The  Promotion Period  is defined as the period specified in the Yahoo! Movies blog for each promotion. If you are not an existing Twitter account holder, visit twitter.com and follow the instructions to register for a free Twitter account. Once logged into Twitter, set your Twitter account to  follow  the Twitter handle associated with the Promotion, @YahooMovies (the  Promotion Twitter Address ). You MUST  follow  the Promotion Twitter Address during the entire Promotion Period to be eligible to win. b. Entry: Once you have registered for the Promotion, complete your entry in the Promotion by either i. Mail Entry: Send a printed copy of this web page along with your name and contact information to: Yahoo! Movies Promotion Entry, Yahoo! Inc., 2400 Broadway, First Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404. Include the name of the Promotion you are entering with your entry. Entries post marked after the close of the Promotion Period will not be honored. ii. Twitter Entry: Send a Twitter update (a  Tweet ), using the Twitter account you set up in Rule 2a above, to @yahoomovies with the words  I struck gold with @yahoomovies: http://yhoo.it/1yENL9N #BlackSea #YGiveaway @FocusFeatures  iii. You will receive ONE entry in the Promotion (an  Entry ), when you submit a Tweet to @yahoomovies during the Promotion Period, in accordance with the method described above. For purposes of these Official Rules,  receipt  of an Entry occurs when Yahoo! receives your registration and entry information as properly submitted by you in accordance with the instructions above. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of the holder of a Twitter account or handle, the dispute will be resolved in favor of the individual who is the  authorized email account holder  of the  alternate email address  provided when the Twitter account was created.  Authorized email account holder  is defined as the natural person assigned an email address by an internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (i.e., business, educational institution) responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address. If Yahoo! is unable to verify the authorized account holder of a potentially winning Twitter account, that account will be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. A potential prize winner may be required to provide Promotion Entities with proof that he/she is the authorized account holder as described above. LIMIT ONE ENTRY PER PERSON, PER EMAIL ADDRESS AND/OR PER TWITTER ID. Although subsequent attempts to enter may be received, only the first entry received from a particular individual will count; subsequent attempts to enter will be disqualified. The submission of an entry is solely the responsibility of the entrant. Entries may only be made according to the method described above. Proof of sending (such as an automated computer receipt,  thanks for entering  message, or post office receipt) does not constitute proof of actual receipt by Yahoo! of an entry for purposes of these Official Rules. Automated entries (including but not limited to entries submitted using any bot, script, macro, or sweepstakes service), copies, third party entries, facsimiles and/or mechanical reproductions are not permitted and will be disqualified. Only eligible entries actually received by Yahoo! before the end of the specified entry period will be included in the prize drawing. Unintelligible, incomplete, or garbled entries will be disqualified. All entries become the property of Yahoo!, and none will be acknowledged or returned.

Read More Alibaba Revenue Misses Estimates, Shares Tumble 8% in Pre-Market Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. revenue missed estimates as the e-commerce giant s push into mobile curbed its advertising sales growth. The shares fell.

Revenue was 26.2 billion yuan ($4.2 billion) in the third quarter, compared with the 27.6 billion-yuan average of 25 analyst estimates. Ads on mobile phones generate less money than on desktop computers because of smaller screens, and transactions on the Tmall platform grew at a slower pace, the Hangzhou-based company said Thursday.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Billionaire Chairman Jack Ma is investing in shopping apps and promoting Alibaba s platforms to reach a target of working with more than 10 million small businesses outside China. After September s IPO and a record 57.1 billion yuan in transactions during a Nov. 11 promotion, Alibaba faces a decelerating Chinese economy and scathing criticism from the government for alleged lax oversight of its websites.

 The revenue increase was much lower than people expected,  said You Na, an analyst at ICBC International Research Ltd. in Hong Kong.  As more merchants start advertising on its mobile apps, revenue growth could slow as ad space and the fees it charges will be lower than what they charge for on desktops. 

Alibaba fell 8.8 percent to $89.81, the most since its September initial public offering, at the close of trading in New York on Thursday. The shares have gained more than 30 percent since the company sold stock at $68 each in the IPO, raising a record $25 billion.

Yahoo Drops

Yahoo shares fell in sympathy with Alibaba s stock, dropping 5.9 percent in New York, the most since May. Alibaba s weakness represents a  buying opportunity,  said Ivan Feinseth, chief financial officer at Tigress Financial Partners LLC.  There will be some recovery in the price, so that ll be good for Yahoo. 

Alibaba s net income fell 28 percent to 5.98 billion yuan, compared with the 8.8 billion-yuan average of analyst estimates. Ma awarded 4.3 billion yuan, or 16 percent of revenue, in share-based compensation to employees of Alibaba and its payment unit, Zhejiang Ant Small & Micro Financial Services Group Co.

The company s non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization gained 34 percent to 15.1 billion yuan, with the non-GAAP Ebitda margin narrowing to 58 percent from 60 percent, according to the company s Thursday filing.

Wider Margins

 Their margins are considerably higher than any comparable company, there are very few companies that are growing this fast and are this profitable,  said Gil Luria, an analyst at Wedbush Securities Inc.

Alibaba earned about 42 cents before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization on each dollar of sales in the past 12 months. That compares with 28 cents at EBay Inc. and 5.2 cents at Amazon.com Inc., according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Alibaba, which connects consumers and businesses across its platforms, has a  credibility crisis  fueled by its failure to crack down on shady merchants, counterfeit goods, bribery and misleading promotions, the Chinese government said Wednesday.

The report by the State Administration for Industry & Commerce accused Alibaba of allowing merchants to operate without required business licenses, to run unauthorized stores that co-opt famous brands and sell fake wine and handbags.

 The scale of the revelations could leave Alibaba with substantial reputational damage,  said Cyrus Mewawalla, managing director of London-based CM Research.  We still see several risks in this stock that may in the coming months overshadow the earnings growth. 

 Flawed  Report

Vice Chairman Joseph Tsai criticized the findings during Thursday s earnings conference call and reaffirmed a commitment to ethical business practices. The company decided to file a complaint against the SAIC official who oversaw a meeting with Alibaba representatives in July to discuss the claims.

 We believe the flawed approach taken in the report, and the tactic of releasing a so-called  white paper  specifically targeting us, was so unfair that we felt compelled to take the extraordinary step of preparing a formal complaint to the SAIC,  Tsai said.

Alibaba said in its IPO prospectus there were allegations in the past, and likely would be in the future, that the company s platforms were selling goods that were counterfeit or infringed on other copyrights including music.

 Draconian  Approach

The company takes a  very draconian  approach to counterfeits, Tsai said in an interview with Bloomberg Television on Thursday.  There s nothing more important than the trust consumers have in our platform,  he said.

Investors backed Alibaba s IPO on its ability to expand globally with shopping platforms Taobao, Tmall.com and AliExpress just 15 years after being founded in Ma s apartment. The company competes with Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Baidu Inc. for the attentions of 527 million Chinese who access the Internet from mobile devices.

Ma said this month in Davos, Switzerland, that he wants Alibaba to serve 2 billion customers globally and 10 million small businesses outside China. AliExpress was founded in April 2010 and already is the top online shopping site in Russia and Brazil, markets where it currently has no employees.

Adding Entertainment

As the company expands its core business of e-commerce, it s also adding other investments such as finance and entertainment content. The company offers high-definition movies and TV shows through its set-top boxes and has a minority stake in online video site Youku Tudou Inc.

Ma visited Hollywood in October to learn about movie studios as he said China s film industry needed great cultural products.

Alibaba showed interest in partnering with Sony Corp. on movie franchises including  Ghostbusters  and considered investing in  Pixels,  e-mails revealed by Sony hackers showed.

Ant Financial, the affiliate that includes online payment system Alipay, is expanding in the U.S. and Russia.

Alipay has 17.9 million active users overseas in more than 100 countries and is accepted by 2,000 merchants, Sabrina Peng, vice president for Alibaba s finance arm s international business, said in October.

Ma said in October that Alibaba may cooperate with Apple Inc. for mobile payment services.

In September, the finance business won approval to jointly set up a non-state owned bank in China. The bank could start operations as early as May, the official Xinhua News Agency reported, citing Ant Financial Vice President Yu Shengfa.

One of Alibaba s biggest shareholders, Yahoo! Inc., on Tuesday announced a tax-free spinoff of its $40 billion stake. The deal will put Yahoo s holding into a newly registered firm called SpinCo, with shares distributed to existing Yahoo shareholders. Rejuvel Int'l, Inc. Announces List of Celebrity Recipients of 15th Annual ... MIAMI, FL / ACCESSWIRE / January 29, 2015 / Technology Applications International Corporation (NUUU) had its REJUVEL breakthrough anti-aging facial creme included in the official Gift Bags for the 15th annual Latin GRAMMY Awards, which took place at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas.

REJUVEL was created utilizing technology obtained through NUUU's exclusive agreements with NASA, licensed from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and Administrators of the Tulane Educational Fund under U.S. Patent Nos. 6,730,498 and 6,485,963 B1 and 6,673,597 B2.





View photos

Awards Show Gift Bags or "Swag Bags" are given to celebrity presenters, performers and executives as tribute for participating in the awards ceremonies.

A partial list of the 15th Annual Latin GRAMMY Awards Gift Bag recipients includes: Ricky Martin, Marc Anthony, Pittbull, Ruben Blades, Chris Brown as well as "Record of the Year" award winner Jorge Drexler, "Best New Artist" award winner Mariana Vega, and Eduardo Jose Cabra Martinez & Rene Perez Joglar, members of "Camila," winners of the award for "Best Urban Music Album."

For a complete list of the 15th Annual Latin GRAMMY Gift Bag Recipients please see click here.

Charles J. Scimeca, NUUU's CEO stated, "We were very pleased with the celebrity exposure afforded our company by including Rejuvel products in the Awards Show Gift Bags and will look into other awards show opportunities as we continue our effort to build a global brand."

About Technology Applications International Corporation

NUUU has two wholly owned subsidiaries, Rejuvel Int'l, Inc. and NueEarth, Inc.

NUUU's Rejuvel Int'l, Inc. is launching its REJUVEL brand of technologically advanced, breakthrough 3D stem cell extract anti-aging products that are made possible because of its exclusive agreements with NASA.

REJUVEL anti-aging products are created in simulated microgravity, in NASA developed bioreactors, and promote the body's own healing mechanisms. REJUVEL products are "Space Certified" and are recognized by the Space Foundation as technology that has been developed in outer space. The Space Foundation Seal will appear on all of REJUVEL products.





View photos

Rejuvel Int'l, Inc. is a "cruelty free" Company. As a member of the "Leaping Bunny" program (www.leapingbunny.org), the company does no animal testing in any phase of product development either directly or indirectly through their laboratories or suppliers.

Read More Jefferies Has 5 Large Cap Tech Stocks to Buy Now With Apple blowing the doors off its numbers, and sales of the iPhone 6 models skyrocketing, some of the luster that drained out of tech on the Microsoft miss may start to return to the market. While most on Wall Street remain positive on technology for 2015, the huge Apple numbers reinforced those beliefs. In a new research note from Jefferies, five top tech companies are standouts in the firm s coverage universe.

The Jefferies team stays very positive on the large cap stocks, some of which have already reported fourth-quarter numbers. With 2015 most likely a more volatile year, tech could move around more, but the major players are poised for growth.

Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) kicks off the list and could be primed to surprise investors. After a woeful 2014, with the stock is now down over 25% from highs printed a year ago, a strong holiday selling season could help earnings blow past consensus. Investors discontent with CEO and founder Jeff Bezos added to the Internet retail giant s woes. Amazon will report Thursday, and the Jefferies team is ahead of estimates and think margins should come in stronger. Lower fuel costs are also expected to help the online retail giant.

The Jefferies price target on the stock is $380. The Thomson/First Call consensus price target is $358, much higher than the Wednesday close at $303.91.

ALSO READ: 3 Top Internet Stocks to Buy for Possible Big 2015 Gains

Google Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) is another mega cap tech name that is a Franchise Pick for 2015 at Jefferies. The stock is trading at levels that may offer long-term investors a very solid entry point. The company posted underwhelming earnings for the third quarter that may have caught many off guard, and with fourth quarter scheduled to be reported Thursday, some volatility has crept back into the stock. The Jefferies analysts are slightly ahead of street estimates, and they are very positive for the company to report strength in search, YouTube, Google Play and other silos.

The Jefferies price target for the search colossus is a whopping $700. The consensus target is at $633.88, and the stock closed Wednesday at $510.

Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) is another Franchise Pick at Jefferies, and introduced the company s fifth generation processor at this year s CES. Intel s commitment to smartphone and mobile applications, combined with the resurgence of PC growth last year, made it one of the best large cap value stocks to buy in 2014, and the same outlook could drive the stock this year. Intel trades at just over 14 times 2015 earnings estimates, more than in recent years, but still a very reasonable multiple for investors looking for growth. The company reported solid numbers, but was weak on the bad Microsoft print. The Jefferies team noted that shipments have decoupled from Microsoft, with Intel selling to Chrome PCs, Macs and Android, none of which use Microsoft operating systems.

Intel shareholders are paid a solid 2.8% dividend. Jefferies has a huge $50 price target, while the consensus target is $37.17. Intel closed at $33.71.

ALSO READ: 4 UBS Quality Growth at a Reasonable Price Tech Stocks to Buy

VMware Inc. (NYSE: VMW) has been on fire and is a leader in cloud storage software. Its cloud computing service is a new offering for its customers. The company s vCloud Hybrid Service has not been designed or marketed as a standalone public cloud as of yet. Many analysts believe that on a pricing basis it is one of the more expensive offerings. The ability to tie its software solutions in with public cloud service may be a huge winner in the future. The fourth-quarter numbers beat expectations, but guidance was lower than estimates on currency headwinds.

The Jefferies price target drops to $104 from $128, but it remains the top large cap pick for 2015. The consensus target is $99.44. VMware closed down big on Wednesday at $75.06. Investors can also indirectly own VMware by buying the stock of storage giant EMC, which owns over 43 million shares of the stock.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) reported so-so numbers for the quarter, but the stock got a boost when it announced a tax-free spin-off of the company s gigantic Alibaba stake, much of which has been lost on the weaker-than-expected Alibaba numbers. While the market applauded the spin-off, the lackluster numbers and weak guidance once again put the spotlight on CEO Marissa Mayer to generate real growth at the company. With that growth centered on search, communications, digital magazines and video, investors will be closely watching earnings and revenue for the rest of 2015. Activist shareholders are still pushing the company for change.

The Jefferies price target is $61, and the consensus target is $51.36. The shares closed Wednesday at $46.46, but traded down big early Thursday.

ALSO READ: Is Weaker Alibaba Growth a Sign of More Bad Things Ahead?

The Jefferies game plan is pretty clear for 2015. Stick with the large cap stocks with liquidity and growth prospects. While volatility should be higher this year, the possibility of solid gains is in place as well. 
2015-03-02
See a New 'Insurgent' Photo, Win a Prize Pack The stakes have been raised for Tris (Shailene Woodley) and Four (Theo James), who appear on high alert in an exclusive new still photo from Insurgent (above).



In honor of the highly anticipated sequel, coming out on March 20 in 2D, RealD, Digital 3D, and Imax 3D, we have a prize pack to give away to one lucky winner:

THE DIVERGENT SERIES: INSURGENT PRIZE PACK

-Divergent DVD

-The Divergent Series: Insurgent Character Posters (Tris, Four, Jeanine)

-The Divergent Series: Insurgent Final Poster

-The Divergent Series: Insurgent Soundtrack Digital Download

-Earphones from Beats by Dre

Here s how to enter the giveaway:

Step 1: Follow @YahooMovies on Twitter

Step 2: Tweet this message:

I m racing like Tris and Four to @YahooMovies: http://yhoo.it/1GI1C5t #Insurgent #YGiveaway @Divergent

Note: One entry per person/email address/Twitter handle.

Step 3: The giveaway ends 11:59 p.m. PT on March 5, 2015. Winners will be notified on Twitter and will receive a Direct Message with further information. Keep in mind, this giveaway is open to U.S. residents only.

     -

Official Rules: Yahoo! Movies Giveaway: Insurgent Prize Pack

THE FOLLOWING PROMOTION (THE  PROMOTION ) IS INTENDED FOR PLAY IN THE FIFTY UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ONLY (COLLECTIVELY, THE  ELIGIBILITY AREA ) AND SHALL ONLY BE CONSTRUED AND EVALUATED ACCORDING TO UNITED STATES LAW. DO NOT ENTER THIS PROMOTION IF YOU ARE NOT LOCATED IN, AND A LEGAL RESIDENT OF, THE ELIGIBILITY AREA. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING. ENTRY IN THIS PROMOTION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES.

1. Eligibility: You must be a legal resident of the Eligibility Area and 13 years or older at the time of entry. Void in overseas U.S. territories, possessions, commonwealths and military installations, and where prohibited by law. Employees and agents of Yahoo!, ( Sponsor ), Twitter, Inc. ( Twitter ), their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotional agencies, any other prize sponsor, and any entity involved in the development, production, implementation, administration or fulfillment of the Promotion (all of the foregoing, together with Yahoo!, collectively referred to as  Promotion Entities ), and the immediate family members and persons living in the same household as such individuals, whether related or not, are not eligible to participate or win. Twitter is not a sponsor of, or is in any way affiliated with, this Promotion.

Read More

2. How To Enter: a. Registration: The  Promotion Period  is defined as the period specified in the Yahoo! Movies blog for each promotion. If you are not an existing Twitter account holder, visit twitter.com and follow the instructions to register for a free Twitter account. Once logged into Twitter, set your Twitter account to  follow  the Twitter handle associated with the Promotion, @YahooMovies (the  Promotion Twitter Address ). You MUST  follow  the Promotion Twitter Address during the entire Promotion Period to be eligible to win. b. Entry: Once you have registered for the Promotion, complete your entry in the Promotion by either i. Mail Entry: Send a printed copy of this web page along with your name and contact information to: Yahoo! Movies Promotion Entry, Yahoo! Inc., 2400 Broadway, First Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404. Include the name of the Promotion you are entering with your entry. Entries post marked after the close of the Promotion Period will not be honored. ii. Twitter Entry: Send a Twitter update (a  Tweet ), using the Twitter account you set up in Rule 2a above, to @yahoomovies with the words  I m racing like Tris and Four to @YahooMovies: http://yhoo.it/1GI1C5t #Insurgent #YGiveaway @Divergent   iii. You will receive ONE entry in the Promotion (an  Entry ), when you submit a Tweet to @yahoomovies during the Promotion Period, in accordance with the method described above. For purposes of these Official Rules,  receipt  of an Entry occurs when Yahoo! receives your registration and entry information as properly submitted by you in accordance with the instructions above. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of the holder of a Twitter account or handle, the dispute will be resolved in favor of the individual who is the  authorized email account holder  of the  alternate email address  provided when the Twitter account was created.  Authorized email account holder  is defined as the natural person assigned an email address by an internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (i.e., business, educational institution) responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address. If Yahoo! is unable to verify the authorized account holder of a potentially winning Twitter account, that account will be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. A potential prize winner may be required to provide Promotion Entities with proof that he/she is the authorized account holder as described above. LIMIT ONE ENTRY PER PERSON, PER EMAIL ADDRESS AND/OR PER TWITTER ID. Although subsequent attempts to enter may be received, only the first entry received from a particular individual will count; subsequent attempts to enter will be disqualified. The submission of an entry is solely the responsibility of the entrant. Entries may only be made according to the method described above. Proof of sending (such as an automated computer receipt,  thanks for entering  message, or post office receipt) does not constitute proof of actual receipt by Yahoo! of an entry for purposes of these Official Rules. Automated entries (including but not limited to entries submitted using any bot, script, macro, or sweepstakes service), copies, third party entries, facsimiles and/or mechanical reproductions are not permitted and will be disqualified. Only eligible entries actually received by Yahoo! before the end of the specified entry period will be included in the prize drawing. Unintelligible, incomplete, or garbled entries will be disqualified. All entries become the property of Yahoo!, and none will be acknowledged or returned.

3. Conduct: By entering the Promotion, entrants agree to comply with and be bound by these Official Rules. The Official Rules will be posted at yahoo.com/movies/tagged/giveawaysthroughout the Promotion. Failure to comply with these Official Rules may result in disqualification from the Promotion. Entrants further agree to comply with and be bound by the decisions of the judges, which will be final and binding in all respects. Yahoo! reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be: (a) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or any Yahoo! or Promotion-related website; (b) violating the Official Rules; (c) violating the terms of service, conditions of use and/or general rules or guidelines of any Yahoo! or Promotion related property or service; or (d) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE PROMOTION MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, YAHOO! RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

4. Prizes: Grand Prize: (1) grand prize winner will receive (1) Insurgent prize pack, which includes a Divergent DVD, three character posters (Tris, Four, Jeanine), the final Insurgent poster, an Insurgent soundtrack digital download, and earphones from Beats by Dre. The following applies to all Prizes: Approximate retail value of each prize: DVD $15, character posters $45, final poster $15, soundtrack $15, earphones $99.95   for a grand total of $189.95. Limit one prize pack per winner. Prizes cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion or offer. Prizes may not be transferred or assigned except by Sponsor. Only listed prizes will be awarded and no substitutions, cash equivalents or redemptions will be made, except that Sponsor reserves the right to substitute any prize package with another prize of equal or greater value in the event that an advertised prize (or any component thereof) is not available. Expenses not specifically stated above, together with the reporting and payment of all applicable taxes, fees, and/or surcharges, if any, arising out of, or resulting from, acceptance or use of a prize, are the sole responsibility of the winner of that prize. Yahoo! expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for injury or loss to any person or property relating to the delivery and/or subsequent use of the prizes awarded. Yahoo! makes no representations or warranties concerning the appearance, safety, or performance of any prize awarded. Restrictions, conditions, and limitations apply. Promotion Entities will not replace any lost or stolen prize items.

5. Winner Selection and Notification: Potential winners will be selected in a random drawing to be held within three (3) days following the close of the Promotion Period for each Promotion from among all eligible entries received. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. All prize drawings will be conducted by a representative of the Sponsor, whose decisions are final. Potential winners will be notified within seven days after drawing date. Prize notifications will be delivered by a Twitter update from Yahoo!. Return of any prize/prize notification as undeliverable, or inability of Promotion Entities to contact a potential winner within 48 hours following attempted notification may result in disqualification and selection of an alternate winner by random drawing. Any difference between actual value of a prize and the approximated value of a prize as stated in these Official Rules will not be awarded.

6. General Conditions: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. By entering, participants: (a) release and hold harmless Promotion Entities, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to persons, including death, or property damage resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, misuse or use of any prize, participation in this promotion, or while traveling to, preparing for, or participating in any prize-related activity, and (b) grant to Yahoo! the right to use and publish their proper name and state online and in print, or any other media, in connection with the Promotion. Except where prohibited by law, a winner s acceptance of a prize constitutes permission for Promotion Entities to use such winner s name, address (city and state only), statements, photograph, voice and/or likeness for any advertising and promotional purposes relating to the Promotion without further compensation, consideration, review or consent.

7. Limitations of Liability: Promotion Entities assume no responsibility for lost, late, misdirected, garbled or unintelligible entries or Tweets, or for theft, destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries. Promotion Entities are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users, any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotion, or any technical or human error which may occur in the processing of submissions in the Promotion. Promotion Entities assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, failures or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, providers, computer equipment, software, email, players or browsers, whether on account of technical problems, traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website, or on account of any combination of the foregoing. Promotion Entities are not responsible for any injury or damage to participants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Promotion. If, for any reason, the Promotion is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of Promotion Entities which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, Yahoo! reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion and select winners from among all eligible entries received prior to the cancellation.

8. Privacy: By entering the Promotion, you agree to Yahoo! s use of your personal information as described in Yahoo! s Privacy Policy, located at http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/promotions/details.html.

9. Winners List: The names of the prize winners may be obtained for 90 days following the close of each Promotion Period by sending a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Yahoo! Movies Promotion, Winners List Requests, Yahoo! Inc., 2400 Broadway, 1st Floor, Santa Monica, CA, 90404.Please include the name of the Promotion for which you are requesting the winners  list.

10. Sponsor: Yahoo! Inc., 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Twitter, Inc. is not a sponsor of this Sweepstakes. Yahoo TV Converts to Tumblr-Based Digital Magazine Format Yahoo s TV news and reviews section has adopted the company s  digital magazine  format, a visually oriented design based on the Tumblr micro-blogging website.

The new Yahoo TV digital magazine is the 11th title in the format to launch since January 2014; these include destinations for technology, food, fashion and beauty coverage. Yahoo TV continues to provide daily video recaps of primetime and daytime TV on  TV in No Time  in the new design, which is supposed to marry the imagery of traditional print magazines with bite-sized stories, video and photos.

Leading up to the launch of Yahoo TV in the digital mag format, Yahoo has raided Time Inc. s Entertainment Weekly   which underwent a series of layoffs last year   for editorial talent.

Josh Wolk, Yahoo s executive editor of entertainment formerly with New York magazine s Vulture website, last fall hired Kristen Baldwin as editor-in-chief of Yahoo TV; she was previously with EW for 19 years, most recently as executive editor.

Baldwin, based in New York, has since hired Ken Tucker, one of EW s founding editors and longtime critic, as TV critic, and deputy editor Mandy Bierly (former EW staff writer). In addition, Chris Harrison brought his blog about ABC s  The Bachelor  from EW to Yahoo TV.

 We have a great team for Yahoo TV, and now our news and reviews will be on this more visually pleasing platform that the other magazines are on,  said Baldwin, who joined Yahoo TV in September. Yahoo marks 20 years with 'yodels', reminiscences and animated birthday cake ... Yahoo celebrated its 20th anniversary on Monday with a look back at its history and an eye to the future of the Internet pioneer in the midst of a transformation effort.

On its home page, Yahoo displayed an animated birthday cake as part of its logo, and the company launched a series of events marking its trademark  Yahoo yodel. 

On the Nasdaq stock exchange in New York, the opening bell was transformed into a yodel and in San Francisco an attempt was being made to set a record for the largest simultaneous yodel.

Yahoo was incorporated on March 2, 1995 by two Stanford University electrical engineering students, Jerry Yang and David Filo, who originally called it  Jerry and David s Guide to the World Wide Web.  They renamed it Yahoo, jokingly saying it was an acronym for  Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle. 

 It wasn t designed to be a business, it was simply something we found useful. When we realized other people found it useful, we were motivated to work on it even more,  Filo said in a blog post.

 Twenty years later, the core of Yahoo is still the same. We are driven by the same purpose   to be your guide around the web. You may not know how much you motivate us every day by using our products and sharing your ideas, but you do. Thank you. 

Over the years, Yahoo has fallen behind in its original mission as a search engine and been through several attempts at reorganization and restructuring.

Filo said that  technology is about constant reinvention,  adding that  every day brings something new and in many ways, it feels like we re just getting started. 

Chief executive Marissa Mayer, who moved from Google in 2012, has been focusing on mobile services and media, including music and original television programming.

The company on Monday launched its TV Digital Magazine, the latest in a series of new products aimed at making Yahoo a destination.

Yahoo news anchor Katie Couric posted a video of one of the celebrations on Twitter, one of many posts using the hashtag #YodelOn.

AFP

Publish date: March 3, 2015 8:11 am| Modified date: March 3, 2015 8:11 am

20 years of Yahoo, Marissa Mayer, technology, Yahoo Inc, Yahoo yodel, Yahoo! Michael Jordan is now officially a billionaire, according to Forbes Somebody prep LeBron James' Mirror of Somber Introspection   as it turns out, he won't accomplish his long-since-established goal of becoming the first billionaire athlete. He's been beaten to the top of that particular mountain of cash by   who else?   Michael Jordan.

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

Forbes estimated back in June that Jordan, 52, had joined the ranks of the billionaires after increasing his stake in the Charlotte Hornets   the franchise in which he purchased a majority interest for $275 million in March of 2010, back when they were the Bobcats   from 80 percent to 89.5 percent. On Monday, the magazine confirmed Jordan's status as one of the world's 290 new billionaires, which sure must represent a nice cherry on top of the Hornets' 98-83 Sunday win over the Orlando Magic for Charlotte's Hall of Fame boss. From Forbes' Dan Alexander:

The most famous rookie on the billionaires list? Michael Jordan, arguably the greatest basketball player of all time and indisputably the best-paid athlete of all time. Most of his cash comes from Nike payouts on his iconic brand. The Jordan brand grossed an estimated $2.25 billion in 2013, earning his Airness some $90 million. But his most valuable asset is his stake in the Charlotte Hornets, worth more than $500 million. When ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer bought the Los Angeles Clippers for a stunning $2 billion, values of all NBA teams skyrocketed, creating three new billionaires. Jordan s old boss Jerry Reinsdorf, owner of the Chicago Bulls, joined the list with a fortune of $1.3 billion, and Houston Rockets owner Leslie Alexander boosted his net worth to $1.6 billion.

As a matter of fact, as ProBasketballTalk's Dan Feldman notes, a whopping 18 NBA owners   a majority of the 30-team league   pop up on Forbes' list   19 if you include James L. Dolan of the New York Knicks, whose individual net worth falls shy of 10 figures, but whose family fortune exceeds $4 billion.

That seems like the sort of thing that National Basketball Player's Association Executive Director Michele Roberts might file away for future discussions with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver about how one-third of NBA teams are still losing money ... especially considering these net-worth evaluations come before the owners' coffers get reloaded with their share of the league's new $24 billion media rights deal. Saying the nay-no to cap smoothing, one would suspect, is just the tip of the iceberg when those negotiations open up.

But let us not sully this lovely moment by considering impending labor doom. Let us instead congratulate Michael Jordan on becoming the 513th richest person in America, and let us allow our minds to wander as we contemplate Michael Jordan's reaction to learning he ranks 513th in anything, even if the category is "being obscenely rich." (Basically, watch your backs, other billionaires.)

More NBA coverage:

- - - - - - -

Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter!

Follow @YourManDevine

Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more. 
2015-01-22
Yahoo Without Its Alibaba Stake May Lure Buyers: Real M&A Yahoo! Inc. will be a fraction of its size should the company spin off its remaining stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., making it a takeover candidate for SoftBank Corp. or private-equity firms.

Marissa Mayer, chief executive of the $46 billion company, is expected to give an update next week about whether Yahoo will sell its Alibaba shares and how it will avoid paying taxes on the move. With the Chinese e-commerce company accounting for most of Yahoo s value, shareholders would be left holding a U.S. Internet advertising and search business worth about $5 billion to $8 billion, according to analysts  estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Yahoo will also still have a roughly $8 billion stake in Yahoo Japan Corp.

SoftBank could buy Yahoo to increase its own Yahoo Japan stake, though its unclear how much the Japanese wireless carrier would be willing to pay for a U.S. business that s under pressure. A private-equity suitor could be lured by the cash Yahoo s operations generate. Or Alibaba could always just take over Yahoo and retire the Alibaba stock that Yahoo owns, gaining some exposure to the American technology market.

 Marissa Mayer has to make a very big decision, and it will either involve splitting the company up or doing nothing,  Neil Doshi, a San Francisco-based analyst for CRT Capital, said in a phone interview. If it casts off the Alibaba stake,  the acquisition size becomes much more manageable, and we think Yahoo could become a much more compelling target. 

Alibaba Value

Mayer said in October that she will report back to shareholders by the next earnings release on Jan. 27 with an update on its plans for the rest of its Alibaba holding.

 Many have pointed out the value accretion that would occur if this final tranche were to be taxed upon sale at a lower rate than the previous sales,  Mayer said at the time.  We are acutely of aware of this. We have the best tax experts in the country, working intensively on structures to maximize the value to our shareholders of our remaining stake in Alibaba. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Yahoo owns about 384 million shares of Alibaba, which it can t sell until September, the one-year anniversary of Alibaba s U.S. initial public offering. The stake is worth about $40 billion, while its Yahoo Japan stake is valued at about $8 billion. That means investors buying Yahoo s stock today get to own the core U.S. business for free and aren t giving the company credit for its roughly $7 billion of net cash.

 The U.S. business is still cash generative -- it s not worth nothing,  Brett Harriss, an analyst for Gabelli & Co. in Rye, New York, said in a phone interview.

Stake Options

An approach favored by some shareholders would be a tax-free spinoff of the Alibaba shares into a separate company, with the value going to Yahoo investors and leaving Mayer with a much smaller business to run. Another tax-free alternative known as a cash-rich split would require Alibaba or another affiliated company to give Yahoo cash and an active business in exchange for its Alibaba shares.

Without the Asian assets, Yahoo s core business alone may be valued at six times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or about $8 billion, according to Gabelli s Harriss. CRT Capital s Doshi pegs it at $5 billion to $6 billion.

In either case, it would be much easier for a buyer to digest. And Asian companies are scouting out American technology and media targets.

SoftBank, Tencent

Tokyo-based SoftBank, which controls wireless carrier Sprint Corp., has been looking for more U.S. investments. SoftBank and Yahoo also are the biggest shareholders in Yahoo Japan.

Similarly, Tencent Holdings Ltd., China s second-largest Internet company, could be a logical suitor for Yahoo as it tries to expand in the U.S., according to Doshi at CRT Capital.

With Yahoo gaining mobile-advertising market share, it could even be a compelling target for Microsoft Corp. as the $379 billion software provider falls behind in mobile Internet, Doshi said.

Starboard Value LP, the activist investor putting pressure on Yahoo s management and board, says Yahoo should explore a merger with AOL Inc., estimating as much as $1 billion of cost savings from such a transaction.

Awaiting Word

Of course, Alibaba could just decide that it wants Yahoo.

Next week s earnings call should give investors better insight into Mayer s plans, though many analysts say she s unlikely to want to manage a smaller company or sell it.

 It s certainly going to be a call that s greeted with interest and a call where the core business is going to be an afterthought,  Colin Gillis, a New York-based analyst for BGC Partners, said in a phone interview. Before any potential acquisition,  you ve got to get through breaking the entities apart. That s step one. 

Figuring out a tax-efficient way to divest the Asian stakes could take more time, said Scott Kessler, a New York-based analyst for S&P Capital IQ. So he s not expecting a big breakup announcement next week.

 My reading is that they re going to provide an update, not some definitive decision,  Kessler said in a phone interview.  These issues may be a lot more nuanced and complicated than people appreciate.  Why Stack Ranking Systems, Like The One Marissa Mayer Instituted At Yahoo, Are ... When Marissa Mayer became Yahoo's CEO in 2012, she was faced with restoring a failing internet giant back to its former glory.

Shortly after joining the company, she implemented a Quarterly Performance Review system, which was similar to a Google practice, Business Insider's Nicholas Carlson writes in his book "Marissa Mayer and the Fight to Save Yahoo!."

It had managers place their employees into "buckets": 10% in "greatly exceeds," 25% in "exceeds," 50% in "achieves," 10% in "occasionally misses," and 5% in "misses."

In a company-wide meeting in October 2013, Mayer agreed to have employees anonymously submit questions and have colleagues vote on the best ones. There was an overwhelming backlash against the QPR, according to Carlson.

The first question Mayer read to her audience illustrated the main problem with QPRs and other "stack ranking" systems:

I was forced to give an employee an occasionally misses, [and] was very uncomfortable with it. Now I have to have a discussion about it when I have my QPR meetings. I feel so uncomfortable because in order to meet the bell curve, I have to tell the employee that they missed when I truly don't believe it to be the case. I understand we want to weed out mis-hires/people not meeting their goals, but this practice is concerning. I don't want to lose the person mentally. How do we justify?

This particular question received 1,531 votes from employees and was just one of many. And gripes against the stack ranking system weren't isolated to Yahoo.

According to a 2012 Vanity Fair profile of Microsoft, the large majority of Microsoft employees under CEO Steve Ballmer found stack ranking to be the most destructive force within the company, saying that it "effectively crippled Microsoft's ability to innovate." It eventually shed the practice in late 2013.

Many large corporations have done the same in the past several years. Research from the Institute for Corporate Productivity shows that 49% of the companies it tracks used a stack ranking management system in 2009, while only 6% of those same companies did two years later.

Stack ranking became widely practiced in the 1980s and remained popular for nearly three decades after Jack Welch used it to great success as CEO of GE. Welch explains the initial effectiveness of this system in a USA Today interview from 2005:

It's letting the bottom 10% know where they are and then giving them a chance to move on. About 70% (of the bottom 10%) leave on their own. Who wants to be on the bottom once they know it? You don't fire them. That's being mean. This is not a mean-spirited thing. It's you sitting across the table from me and telling me, "Jack, you're not measuring up. You're going to have to improve." If I don't, you tell me that it's best for me and my family to find someplace else to work.

But when many companies put it into practice, they weren't flexible with their reviews. If a team sheds a few blatant underachievers in a couple rounds of these reviews, then a competent worker is one step closer to being on the bottom for slightly underperforming on team-wide goals compared to one of his colleagues.

"What's happened in the last 15 or 20 years is that HR has started to take a more analytical approach," says Cliff Stevenson, senior researcher at the Institute for Corporate Productivity. "We started to see the rise of evidence-based human resources, and when they looked at the numbers they weren't finding success [with stack ranking]. In fact, they were finding negative correlations to employee engagement and especially to innovation."

Teams do not neatly fall into bell curves of performance, the current consensus finds, and instead should be reviewed on an individual basis.

Additional reporting by Max Nisen. Premium Yahoo Advertising Inventory Now Available on the C1X Programmatic ... SANTA CLARA, Calif., Jan. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- C1X, an online programmatic direct platform, has today announced a partnership with Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) to make Yahoo premium inventory available programmatically through C1X's Automated Guaranteed market. The partnership, along with recent alliances in international markets, has led the C1X leadership team to anticipate robust growth in programmatic direct advertising throughout 2015.

C1X's integration of Yahoo premium inventory opens an additional channel for advertising sales of premium package offerings. C1X also provides capabilities for ad buyers to search inventory, set targeting requirements, send creative, receive holistic analytics through the C1X buy-side console, and explore new data-driven buying capabilities that are expected to launch in early 2015.

Mukundu Kumaran, Founder and CEO of C1X, said that the company's "programmatic direct solution and unique data-driven direct technologies have shed a light on new opportunities for publishers looking to optimize inventory strategy for better yield by increasing sales through the lucrative guaranteed channel, and for advertisers looking to gain access to premium inventory and overlay data in order to efficiently and flexibly manage campaigns to meet their established key performance indicators."

Kumaran also noted that, "The talented team at C1X has been cheered on by increased curiosity around the programmatic direct space, globally. Our recent partnerships with digital advertising partners in the Indian and Japanese markets, along with Yahoo, have realized connections between buyer and seller around publisher audiences that were unexpected and pleasantly surprising!"

You can learn more about C1X by visiting c1exchange.com, and you can learn more about Yahoo Advertising at advertising.yahoo.com.

About C1X Inc. C1X is an independent technology leader offering a guaranteed, programmatic-direct platform for premium publishers to efficiently sell their inventory to online media buyers. With more than 1,000 premium sites available globally, the C1X platform offers tremendous value and scale to planners and buyers representing clients worldwide. C1X is based in Santa Clara with offices in New York, Tokyo, Chennai and New Delhi.

For more information, find C1X online at www.c1exchange.com.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150119/170003LOGO

SOURCE C1X Inc. Google Shows Concern Over Firefox Switch To Yahoo As you may know, Yahoo recently became the default search engine in Mozilla's Firefox browser after Google had held the spot for a decade. As Yahoo's search market share has already benefited from the switch, Google is telling Firefox users to switch back.

On Wednesday, Google tweeted this helpful little video demonstrating how to change the default search experience, in case users who care enough about Google to follow the company on Twitter couldn't figure out how to do that.

This one's for all the Google Search-loving Firefox fans out there   http://t.co/c3C0D9SC8v pic.twitter.com/ocZAOWTrvf   Google (@google) January 21, 2015

Danny Sullivan points out that Google is now telling Firefox users who visit its homepage to set the default experience back to Google as well. It displays a message that says, "Get to Google faster. Make Google your default search engine."

Yahoo itself has been telling visitors to its homepage to "upgrade" to the new Firefox:

A couple weeks ago, StatCounter released some data on search market share in the U.S. finding that Yahoo saw its highest amount of that in over five years in December, thanks to its new Mozilla partnership.

 The move by Mozilla has had a definite impact on US search,  said StatCounter CEO Aodhan Cullen.  The question now is whether Firefox users switch back to Google. 

It will be interesting to see January's data. Google is obviously worried enough about it to tweet out explanations on how to switch back.

This week, comScore also put out its monthly look at U.S. desktop search engine rankings for December. From that:

Google Sites led the U.S. explicit core search market in December with 65.4 percent market share, followed by Microsoft Sites with 19.7 percent (up 0.1 percentage points) and Yahoo Sites with 11.8 percent (up 1.6 percentage points). Ask Network accounted for 2 percent of explicit core searches, followed by AOL, Inc. with 1.2 percent.

18.7 billion explicit core searches were conducted in December, with Google Sites ranking first with 12.2 billion (up 2 percent). Microsoft Sites ranked second with 3.7 billion searches (up 5 percent), followed by Yahoo Sites with 2.2 billion (up 21 percent), Ask Network with 372 million (up 5 percent) and AOL, Inc. with 222 million.

As its share rises, Yahoo is also testing out a search results page layout that more closely resembles Google's:

You'd have to think a similar look and feel to Google could keep some used to the Google experience from Firefox from bothering to switch back compared to a more drastic change such as Yahoo's current layout.

Apparently Bing's actually testing a similar look as well.

This might not be a good time for Google to be losing any search market share, considering that analysts have already grown concerned by slowing growth in its core ad business.

Images via Mozilla, Google, Yahoo, StatCounter, comScore 
2015-05-05
Apple's Ahrendts Emerges as Top-Paid US Woman With $83 Million Angela Ahrendts, Apple Inc. s senior vice president of retail and online stores, was the highest-paid female executive in the U.S. last year.

The former chief executive officer of London-based fashion retailer Burberry Group Plc was awarded $82.6 million in 2014, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Ahrendts, 54, joined the world s most-valuable company in May 2014 and became the first woman on its management team.

Ahrendts s pay included a sign-on bonus and a make-whole grant for awards left behind at Burberry. The pay package is currently valued at $105.5 million. Josh Rosenstock, a spokesman for Apple, wouldn t comment on her compensation.

Yahoo! Inc. s Marissa Mayer was the country s highest-paid female CEO. The 39-year-old was awarded $59.1 million in 2014, making her No. 3 among the eight women on the Bloomberg Pay Index, a daily ranking of the top-paid U.S. executives. Her compensation, more than 95 percent of which is comprised of stock and options, has fallen in value to $45 million, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Yahoo announced in January that it planned to spin off its remaining investment in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., which had bolstered the Sunnyvale, California-based company s stock last year. Mayer is under pressure to create shareholder value without it.

 There s a limited number of people who are viewed as having those skill sets, and you have to pay for it,  said David Doyle, an executive compensation lawyer at Day Pitney LLP.

Yahoo spokeswoman Rebecca Neufeld declined to comment.

Economic Profit

Oracle Corp. s Safra Catz was No. 2 on the ranking after being awarded $71.2 million in fiscal 2014 for her role as chief financial officer. Catz was named co-CEO after the Redwood City, California-based company s fiscal 2014 year ended. In connection to her promotion, she received 500,000 options and 125,000 performance stock units, according to a September filing.

Oracle spokeswoman Deborah Hellinger declined to comment.

The Bloomberg pay ranking also calculates pay-for-performance using an executive s compensation as a percentage of a company s economic profit, defined as after-tax net operating profit minus its cost of capital.

By that measure, Apple s Ahrendts delivered the best rating among all women on the ranking. Her pay is equal to 0.3 percent of the Cupertino, California-based company s $28.6 billion three-year average economic profit.

Lockheed s Hewson

Lockheed Martin Corp. CEO Marillyn Hewson delivered the third-best dollar-for-dollar performance among the women on the index. The defense contractor s quarterly revenue has slumped 16 percent since she took over the Bethesda, Maryland-based company in January 2013, and earnings have risen more than 54 percent.

Larisa Cioaca, a spokeswoman for Lockheed, declined to comment.

Hewson s 2014 pay, valued at $36.7 million at year end, is 2.9 percent of Lockheed s three-year average economic profit of $1.28 billion.

 She s well-respected by her customers, and frankly that goes a long way when you have programs that periodically face challenges,  said Howard Rubel, a New York-based analyst with Jefferies LLC.

Other female executives on the ranking include Mylan NV CEO Heather Bresch, who was awarded $40 million, and Martine Rothblatt, co-CEO and chairman of United Therapeutics Corp., with $33.3 million in awarded pay.

Executives including Facebook Inc. Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg and Twitter Inc. General Counsel Vijaya Gadde have previously been on the ranking. The current value of their awarded pay -- $17.6 million and $5.8 million, respectively -- has dropped them from the index. Facebook Inc (FB) Using Nokia Corporation (NOK) Here Maps For Mobile ... Is Facebook using Geocoding too?

Facebook and Nokia decided to keep the deal a hush-hush affair, but when contacted by TechCrunch, a Facebook spokesperson stated that the company is testing Here maps on Facebook to offer better a experience and consistency.  I can confirm that we re testing HERE maps in Android versions of some of our standalone apps like Instagram and Messenger as well,  the spokesperson said.

Citing sources, the report says the social network is also using Here Geocoding. Through Geocoding, Facebook can attain specific place data for itself and for users when tagging a location in Instagram, Messenger or the main Facebook app. As of now, Facebook is not using Here maps in any of its core apps, but if one views user location or venues on a mobile, a diagonal Here logo is visible in the bottom left-hand corner, says the report.

Facebook s attempt to strengthen its location services is a fairly logical move. Previously the social network acquired several tech firms such as Glancee, Tag Tile, Gowalla and Rel8tion to better its location services.

Logical move from Facebook

Better location technology to tag a person will allow Facebook to offer better service to its users, who are fond of updating their status and posting pictures from specific locations. Also, on the commercial front, the Here technology will come in handy for businesses that use Facebook to take ahead their ad and marketing operations and make ads based on a specific locations or other location-based services, allowing Facebook to find more options to build relationships with users.

The deal between the two comes at a time when there are reports that the Finnish company is looking to sell its Here division, which stands at an estimated value of $2 billion, but some are of the view that the value could be double that as the company has a rich data set. Apart from Facebook, other companies that could be interested in Here Maps are Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Samsung Electronics, Uber, Baidu Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:BIDU), Alibaba, Tencent and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Conan O'Brien Has a Solution to Apple Watch's Tattoo Problem Many inked techies felt deep despair last week after it was revealed that certain functions on the Apple Watch don t work when fastened to a tattooed wrist. The company admitted that the device s heart-rate monitoring system relies on sensors that can t operate with the  ink, pattern, and saturation of some tattoos. 

In short order, however, the team at Conan found a (fake) solution, called the Watch Hand. And at only $499, it s a cheaper fix than tattoo removal treatments.

We ll let you check out the video below to see how it  works. 

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-10-03
Twitter, Yahoo, Others Win Some Fees In MDL Patent Suit Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Rich Get Richer as Google and Facebook Dominate Web Ads  
2015-05-08
Yahoo Sues Ex-Staffer Claiming She Gave Secrets to Writer Yahoo! Inc. sued a former employee over claims she  brazenly  divulged confidential information about the company to a reporter who was writing a book about Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer s leadership.

Yahoo claims that Cecile Lal, a former senior director of product management, broke a confidentiality agreement when she leaked proprietary information to the journalist that she learned during  FYI  meetings with Mayer, according to a complaint filed in state court in San Jose, California.

Lal s assistance last year to Nicholas Carlson for his book,  Marissa Mayer and the Fight to Save Yahoo!,  included searching confidential archives to support his writings and giving him her credentials to a password-protected site, according to the complaint.

 Indeed, Lal was eager to divulge Yahoo s secrets, even telling Carlson in response to a specific request that  [i]fyou know the date of FYI exactly or other topics discussed on that day, it will help [in] finding  the information he sought,  Yahoo s lawyers said.

The book, which received some positive reviews, charts Mayer s effort to turn around Yahoo, which has struggled to deliver revenue growth. While the book portrays her as a sometimes effective and tenacious leader, it also lays out the many difficulties she faces to drive success at a company that helped pioneer the Internet.

Amended Complaint

Yahoo described Lal as a former chief of staff to a senior vice president in its original May 6 complaint. The company corrected itself in an amended version of the lawsuit filed Friday, omitting the chief of staff title.

The company accused Lal of breaching her contract and fiduciary duty, saying that in addition to leaking sensitive information from FYI meetings with Mayer, she provided Carlson with transcripts of question-and-answer sessions between employees and the CEO that were stored in Yahoo s password-protected intranet  Backyard. 

The information  inevitably ended up in the hands of Yahoo s competitors,  which caused Yahoo to lose a competitive advantage, according to the complaint.

Destabilized the Trust

 Lal s breach of trust and confidentiality also destabilized the trust on which Yahoo relies in providing its employees with the greatest level of information Yahoo has ever shared with its workforce,  Yahoo said.

Lal and Carlson declined to comment on the lawsuit.

Rebecca Neufeld, a spokeswoman for Yahoo, also declined to comment on it.

 I ve got a few recommendations already, but I m looking for a very good first amendment lawyer, if you know one,  Carlson wrote in a Twitter post.

Carlson, chief correspondent for Business Insider, wrote in the book that he relied heavily on anonymous sourcing because Yahoo declined to cooperate with him.

 Not only did Yahoo PR and Mayer not participate, each told Yahoo employees, former Yahoo employees, personal friends, former colleagues, current colleagues, and admirers not to speak with me for the book,  he wrote.  Many of the sources who provided me documents and agreed to be interviewed by me did so at the risk of their careers inside Yahoo, Google, and around the Internet industry. 

The case is Yahoo! Inc. v. Lal, 115cv280271, California Superior Court, Santa Clara County (San Jose). It's Time To Buy Omega Healthcare Investors Inc  Woman randomly finds Stefon Diggs' HS championship ring Maryland wide receiver Stefon Diggs is chased by Stanford linebacker Blake Martinez after a reception during the first half of the Foster Farms Bowl NCAA college football game Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2014, in Santa Clara, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

In the simple act of taking her dog out for a walk, a Maryland woman somehow ended up with Stefon Diggs' high school state championship ring.

It's as bizarre as it sounds. Pattie Engel doesn't know Diggs. She was walking her dog, Tiger, near her home in Montgomery County, Md., when she spotted something shiny on the ground, according to WUSA.

She bent down to check it out, realized it was a high school championship ring, and took it home. She didn't even recognize the inscribed name.

When she showed it to her son-in-law, he gave her the news: the ring belonged to the Minnesota Vikings' fifth-round draft pick. Diggs won it in 2010, when he led Good Counsel High School (Olney, Md.) to the state title. Considered the state's top recruit at the time, and the nation's second-best wide receiver, he went on to play college ball at the University of Maryland.

WUSA contacted Diggs, who confirmed it's his ring. There's no word on how it ended up on the side of the road, how long it's been missing, or whether he even wants it back.

____________________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her onTwitter and Facebook. 
2015-01-05
YHOO: Yahoo Is Set For A Big 2015 One of the original search engines and web portals, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has been on quite a ride in 2014.

Up 27% from where it began the year, YHOO is up over 50% from its 2014 lows. That s quite a climb for Yahoo, a search engine company that has lost its mojo in recent years.

For example, in the past two years, Yahoo has made 46 purchases for more than $2 billion, but none of them have made much difference to YHOO s bottom line.

In Q3 2014, Yahoo s revenue rose less than 1%. That revenue increase only impressed Wall Street because expectations were for a 3% loss, and Yahoo s income from operations fell from $92.8 million in Q3 2013 to $42.2 million in Q3 2014. Not incredibly inspiring.

So, Yahoo is barely growing earnings and has spent a lot of money buying other firms   at premium prices   that haven t added anything to the top or bottom. Yet, YHOO stock is up significantly in the past year.

Why?

Two words: Alibaba and wearables.

Yahoo owns 15% of Chinese online juggernaut Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) that went public earlier this year. Yahoo s position in Alibaba is now worth around $42 billion. The thing to bear in mind here is that YHOO s entire market capitalization is $48.5 billion, which means just its position in BABA covers almost its entire market cap.

In less technical terms, at this point, YHOO is a BABA proxy with a potential growth kicker, if it can get its act together in other sectors. If BABA stays on course or rises, YHOO is along for the ride. If YHOO stock can find a way to grow beyond BABA stock, it s all gravy.

Therefore, YHOO stock is performing well. What s more, there s a new sector that Yahoo is planning on moving into that will make its acquisition frenzy look more calculated than random.

Yahoo s current focus is to get more involved in the wearables market. YHOO is very bullish on the potential explosion of wearables and was one of the initial partners with Apple Inc. (AAPL) in developing software for the Apple Watch.

If you look at the majority of acquisitions that YHOO has made in recent years, most are mobile-based firms. While current CEO Marissa Meyer has been constantly criticized for paying premium prices for companies that didn t seem to fit into any real value for Yahoo, her long-term strategy may be coming to fruition.

Launching advanced software suites (and potentially devices) based on the growing popularity of mobile computing could be the kind of organic growth that could send YHOO share prices significantly higher.

What s more YHOO is trading at a price-to-earnings ratio of 6. Google Inc (GOOG) is at 26. AAPL is at 17.

Granted, there s more risk in YHOO building a business around its BABA base than going with GOOG or AAPL, but the upside could be significant if BABA continues its trajectory and this move into wearables puts YHOO back on the map in its own right.

This mixed picture of risk and opportunity is what gives YHOO a B on the Portfolio Grader, but given the fact that there s far less downside risk than there is upside potential at this point, YHOO looks very compelling.

Louis Navellier is a renowned growth investor. He is the editor of five investing newsletters: Blue Chip Growth, Emerging Growth, Ultimate Growth, Family Trust and Platinum Growth. His most popular service, Blue Chip Growth, has a track record of beating the market 3:1 over the last 14 years. He uses a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to identify market-beating stocks. Mr. Navellier has made his proven formula accessible to investors via his free, online stock rating tool, PortfolioGrader.com. Louis Navellier may hold some of the aforementioned securities in one or more of his newsletters. Silicon Valley age discrimination: If you've experienced it, say something  The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2015 By John Divine, InvestorPlace Assistant Editor

The stock market s remarkable bull run continued in earnest in 2014, with the S&P 500 Index posting its sixth consecutive year of gains. Investors are hoping 2015 can bring similar tidings   but like always, while even matching the market is an accomplishment in and of itself, everyone will be looking for ways to beat it.

With that in mind, InvestorPlace s panel of experts have put together their annual list of the 10 best stocks to buy for 2015.

Our annual competition asks a group of professional money managers, stock market experts and financial writers to each come up with one stock they believe will outperform the market in 2015.

PLUS: Energy Stocks: 3 Things You MUST Know Before Buying in 2015

The 10 Best Stocks for 2015 span a diverse range of industries, and the companies range in size from small-caps to some of the largest corporations in the world.

Throughout the year, we ll keep you updated on how these picks perform. Each stock was chosen with a buy-and-hold mentality, so while it s important to track their quarterly performance, these names are expected to be big winners over the period of a year, not several weeks or months.

With that said, let s take a look at the 10 best stocks to buy now going into the new year.

ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM)

Investor: Hilary Kramer

Hilary Kramer, editor of stock market newsletters GameChangers, Breakout Stocks Under $10 and High Octane Trader, crowned ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) as her pick in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 contest.

ABM, shorthand for American Building Maintenance, provides   you guessed it   maintenance services for a wide range of facilities across the country.

While a company that derives 50% of its revenue from its Janitorial segment might not sound like a market-beater at first, Kramer thinks ABM stock is poised for a great 2015. With a 2.2% dividend yield and earnings growth accelerating recently, Hilary expects ABM stock to meet or exceed its expectations for 10% growth going forward.

Read more about Hilary s Best Stocks pick here.

Noble Corp plc (NE)

Investor: John Jagerson and Wade Hansen

Slingshot Trader editors John Jagerson and Wade Hansen turned to the energy sector in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 competition.

With oil prices plummeting during the past half-year, shares of contract driller Noble Corp plc (NE) have been punished as well, with shares off more than 50% in the last year.

But Jagerson and Hansen believe the dramatic selloff in NE stock is wholly unjustified. While acknowledging the risks of investing as oil prices continue to fall, Noble stock s cheap valuation, solid liquidity and recent momentum are taken as bullish signals. They remark that:

 The upside is attractive enough to consider an entry as momentum begins to build. Unlike other firms in the industry, Noble Corp has the capital available to take advantage of future demand from producers and end-consumers. 

At the very least, Noble stock is one to watch closely in 2015.

Read more about John and Wade s Best Stocks pick here.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Investor: Greg Harmon

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) had a busy 2014, as shares reached all-time highs in the wake of the record-setting Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) IPO.

But the reason expert trader and options investor Greg Harmon thinks YHOO is one of the 10 best stocks for 2015 has nothing to do with China s e-commerce king. Yahoo s monthly chart, Harmon writes, shows three bullish indicators for the year ahead:

 The first is the long break of an ascending triangle. The triangle was about $39 wide at its base and so looks for a move higher of $39, to about $82, on the break out higher. This triggered on a move over $44 in late October 2014. 

Ever the experienced chartist, Harmon breaks down graphics and cites two more technical indicators   the cup-and-handle pattern and the flag pattern   in his article on YHOO.

Read more about Greg s Best Stocks pick here.

iShares U.S. Oil Equipment & Services ETF (IEZ)

Investor: David and Michael Fabian

Managing partners at FMD Capital Management, an investment advisory firm focusing primarily on funds, David and Michael Fabian see the iShares U.S. Oil Equipment & Services ETF (IEZ) as a worthy competitor in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 contest.

Like Noble Corp, the IEZ ETF is also a conscious play on an eventual oil price rebound. The thesis that IEZ will surge on an oil services comeback is well-supported, too. Noting that  IEZ is a traditional market-cap weighted index that tracks 53 stocks in the oil services industry,  the ETF gurus think the market-cap weighting methodology works in investors  favor:

 This slant towards larger and more established companies within the industry makes IEZ more attractive than other equal-weighted ETF alternatives. In addition, these larger companies may benefit from merger and acquisition activity within the energy services industry as smaller firms look to survive or consolidate their assets. 

If oil prices rebound, IEZ looks to be  the best broad play for an oil recovery next year. 

Read more about David and Michael s Best Stocks pick here.

Google Inc (GOOG)

Investor: Paul R. La Monica

CNNMoney Assistant Managing Editor Paul R. La Monica goes mainstream and picks search engine giant Google Inc (GOOG) for his entry on the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 list.

But in  going mainstream,  La Monica actually makes a somewhat contrarian pick, especially considering the fact that GOOG stock underperformed pretty much all of its major competitors in 2014: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc (FB), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT), Baidu Inc (ADR) (BIDU), and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) all fared better last year.

For La Monica, Google s valuation looks too cheap to ignore:

 I couldn t pass up on Google. The stock now trades for just 17 times 2015 earnings estimates. Its P/E is pretty much in line with its expected earnings growth rate. 

Acknowledging that the Motorola Mobility acquisition was a complete failure, he reminds us that Google s M&A track record is exceptional on the whole: YouTube, DoubleClick and Android have all done big things for Google.

Read more about Paul s Best Stocks pick here.

Ambarella Inc (AMBA)

Investor: Jon Markman

Jon Markman, editor of the Trader s Advantage and CounterPoint Options newsletters, chose little-known chipmaker Ambarella Inc (AMBA) as his candidate in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 competition.

Best-known as the supplier of chips for GoPro Inc (GPRO), the wearable camera-maker whose products have become a pop-culture phenomenon, Markman explains that AMBA isn t just some one-off play on GoPro s success (although GPRO does account for more than 25% of Ambarella s revenue):

 About 45% of Ambarella s business is in the Internet-connected security market   Ambarella is counting on explosive growth from customers such as Flir Systems (FLIR), which announced 31 new IP security camera models this year, all with Ambarella chips inside. 

With its hands in the television broadcast market as well, AMBA stock is a rarity in that it s a fairly well-diversified growth company leading the way in several vertical markets.

Although it tacked on more than 50% in 2014, if Ambarella s 43% revenue growth last quarter is any indication of things to come, AMBA stock could still have its best days ahead of it in 2015.

Read more about Jon s Best Stocks pick here.

Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC)

Investor: Charles Sizemore

Charles Sizemore, chief investment officer of investment firm Sizemore Capital Management, taps Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC) as his pick in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 competition.

Unfortunately for his competitors, Sizemore has an enviable track record: he s a two-time champion, taking the gold for best stock pick in both 2011 and 2013. (He came in last in 2014, but if the every-other-year pattern holds up, he looks like a shoo-in this year).

For 2015, Sizemore notes that current stock market valuations appear stretched, and he expects the mantra  cash is king  to ring especially true for markets.

Prospect Capital Corporation, which invests in senior loans but also provides capital for some high-risk M&A activity, might seem like a curious play in that environment. But with a 12.1% dividend yield and a recent spree of insider buying, Sizemore thinks Prospect Capital could deliver total returns of 40% or more in 2015.

Read more about Charles  Best Stocks pick here.

Pizza Inn Holdings (PZZI)

Investor: Rick Rouse

Rick Rouse, editor of Momentum Options and Momentum Stocks Weekly, is a big fan of Pizza Inn Holdings Inc (PZZI), which he nominated as his pick in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 competition.

This micro-cap company isn t for the conservative investor. Like the rapid pizza-making method that Pizza Inn employs, if investors don t time this stock right they could get severely burned.

But Rouse quickly summarizes the appeal of Pizza Inn Holdings, which has a brand of restaurants called Pie Five:

 Pie Five s goal is to have you stuffing your face with the perfect pie in less than five minutes. If you were wondering how Pie Five can cook a pizza in under two minutes, it s due to their patented ovens. They heat up to 700 degrees and can bake a pie in one minute and 45 seconds.

It essentially feels like the Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) of pizza shops. 

The real test for PZZI this year will be to see if it can imitate CMG stock s explosive returns. Chipotle shares are up more than 650% in the last five years alone.

Read more about Rick s Best Stocks pick here.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Investor: Louis Navellier

Louis Navellier   an experienced investor, go-to Wall Street portfolio manager, and editor of the Blue Chip Growth and Emerging Growth stock market newsletters   elected Apple Inc. (AAPL) as his entrant in the 10 Best Stocks for 2015 competition.

Like Google, AAPL stock is hardly an obscure pick to outperform the markets in 2015. It s the largest company in the entire world, after all, and Apple stock was able to soar yet again in 2014 with help from a 7-for-1 stock split and the blowout success of the iPhone 6 release.

But the main case Navellier makes for AAPL stock has nothing to do with the iPhone. Or the iPad. Or the iPod, for that matter:

 Apple has hiked up its dividend twice in the past two years   a 24% increase to bring AAPL stock to a healthy 1.6% dividend yield. And with a payout ratio of 24.3%, Apple has a healthy cushion for future dividend increases. 

In other words, not only is AAPL still a growth stock despite being the largest company in the world, Apple s a growth stock with a growing dividend. But the fairy tale doesn t end there:

 Apple also recently increased its stock buyback program to a whopping $90 billion. In the last quarter alone, Apple bought back $17 billion of its stock. Between dividend payments and share repurchases, Apple expects to return $130 billion to shareholders by the end of 2015. 

Navellier believes, and not without justification, that returning this comically large sum of money to shareholders could propel AAPL to new heights in 2015.

Read more about Navellier s Best Stocks pick here.

Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL)

Investor: Mike Turner

Mike Turner, a premier authority in rule-based trading and time-cycle-based forecasting, is also the editor of investment newsletters Signal Investor and Turner Analytics. Looking through a bullish lens for 2015, Turner expects stock market returns in the range of 11% and 16% this year.

With the price of crude oil currently below $60, Turner also sees the $6.7 billion trucking and logistics company Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) significantly outperforming the market this year. Over the last three years, ODFL stock has rocketed more than 180% as it reaped the rewards of an expanding economy.

But here s the icing on the cake:

 The rise in ODFL s price over the past three years has been accomplished with crude oil in the $80 to $100-plus range. The current move into the low $60s will be a huge benefit for ODFL and other truckers. And should the price of crude oil rise, it will not have a great impact on its stock price, as Old Dominion will be able to pass along a fuel surcharge to their customers. 

It may not be the sexiest of the 10 Best Stocks for 2015, but don t be surprised if ODFL beats out higher-profile names to boast the highest returns on this list.

Read more about Mike s Best Stocks pick here.

John Divine is assistant editor of InvestorPlace.com. As of this writing, he held long positions in AAPL stock, GOOG stock, GOOGL stock, Jan 2015 AMBA $20 calls and Jan 2016 AMBA $25 calls. You can follow him on Twitter @divinebizkid.

Plus:

3 Best American Funds for 2015

45 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks That Increased Payouts in Q4 2014

4 Media Stocks to Buy Now Samsung Announces Exciting New SUHD TVs. Wait, What Does That Mean? Samsung SUHD TV logo More

Get ready for a new buzzy phrase to use when you brag about your new TV to all your friends. It s called quantum-dot technology, and Samsung is pushing it hard with its new line of SUHD TVs.

The tech giant showed off a host of sets using the technology at a special preview event here in Las Vegas that strangely included women draped in LED lights floating around an in-ground pool.

So what is quantum-dot technology, why should you care, and does its sci-fi name mean your TV will suck you into an alternate reality? In the simplest terms, quantum-dot technology is a way for TV makers to create displays that produce more colors than standard LCD TVs, for a lower price. You should care because it potentially means better TVs for less money. Finally, it will not suck you into an alternate reality.

Samsung SUHD TV More

You see, your average LCD TV creates images by blending colors from thousands of red, blue, and green pixels. To create those colors, white light is generated by blue LEDS coated in yellow phosphorus. That light is then passed through a filter that takes out any extraneous colors, like pink or orange, for instance, to create pure reds, greens, and blues.

The problem is, when those unwanted colors are filtered out, the overall brightness of the picture is reduced.

Samsung SUHD TV More

Read More LG's New Bendable Smartphone Is One of the Coolest of CES 2015 LG just took the wraps off of one of the coolest smartphones at CES 2015, the LG G Flex 2.

So what makes this handset so interesting? Well, how does a unique curved design and self-healing back plate sound?

That s right: Unlike basically every other smartphone on the planet, the G Flex 2 is curved along its horizontal axis, giving it a bit of a crescent moon shape (see below). The follow-up to LG s similarly shaped G Flex, the G Flex 2 is an improvement over its predecessor in almost every way.

For starters, this handset uses a smaller 5.5-inch screen rather than the original G Flex s ridiculously huge 6-inch display, making it easier to hold. (That s the same screen size as Apple s iPhone 6 Plus, for comparison.) On top of that, the Flex 2 s 1080p screen resolution is sharper than its older sibling s. Images look far crisper.

LG G Flex 2 More

What s the point of making a curved phone? Well, according to LG, the Flex 2 s design makes the handset more durable, as it allows the phone to physically flex and bend when pressure is applied to it.

LG also claims that the phone s shape makes using the Flex 2 to call someone easier, as the curve causes the receiver to bend closer to your mouth.

Like the original Flex, the Flex 2 comes with a self-healing back panel that uses a special polymer that allows the phone to  heal  small scratches. Don t expect this phone to totally recover from deep gouges, though; think minor nicks and cuts, like from the keys in your pocket.

Like Apple s iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung s Galaxy Note 4, the Flex 2 gets a 13-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization technology, which means photos will come out clear even if your hand shakes while taking them.

Overall, the G Flex 2 s performance should be seriously impressive, as the phone uses a ridiculous eight-core processor. So you ll be able to multitask, play games, and stream movies with ease.

Curved smartphones are a rarity in today s market. So far, only a handful of the devices have been made, including the original G Flex and Samsung s Galaxy Round. Will the Flex 2 help make curved cool? We ll have to wait until the handset makes it to the U.S. later this year to find out.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+ here. To Buck the One-Dimensional Selfie: Allie Cameras Capture Every Angle of a Scene (Yahoo Tech)

The selfies you re taking now are a little too   one-dimensional.

The solution can be found in the new Allie (pronounced like the skateboard trick) line of  720-degree connected cameras,  which will capture not only your beautiful, grinning face, but everything in any given scene all at once.

Florida company IC Real Tech introduced four models of its dual 360-degree-wielding cams this week, claiming its tech for capturing  all-D  as an industry first.

The Allie Pro, Allie Home, and Allie Play each pack 13 MP cameras and stream live 720p, all-angles video to mobile devices. Footage can also be wirelessly recorded to the cloud for later viewing, up to 30 days  worth, according to the products  website. All Allie cams pack the ability to store footage internally, though at a capacity trade-off.

Allie Play camera More

(Gizmodo)

From within IC Real Tech s app, viewers can digitally pan and scroll around full scenes wherever an Allie camera is placed, either for fun or for super high-tech surveillance. The Allie Pro, which will be priced around $3,000 when it ships later this year, is more geared toward the latter, capable of digging deeper into footage, live or recorded, with its powerful 8x digital zoom.

(Yahoo Tech)

The Allie Home and Allie Play, IC Real Tech s more consumer-oriented versions, will go for $500 when they ship this year. The company also says it has a GoPro-like version coming in 2016, called the Allie Go (listed as the  360eye  on its website), but the details are currently light on that model and don t yet include pricing.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean. Garmin's New Smartwatches Blend the Boardroom and the Outdoors Smartwatches and fitness trackers seem to be all the rage nowadays, so Garmin   the company you may remember from its days as a GPS maker   is marrying the two with three new smartwatches: the Vivoactive for active consumers, the rugged Epix for outdoor enthusiasts, and the stylish Fenix 3 for the active set.

Vivoactive

Let s start with The Vivoactive. It s designed for professionals who like to golf, run 5Ks, and participate in other sporty activities. It comes with a built-in GPS and an activity tracker that lets you know how far you ve jogged or walked and how active you ve been throughout the day.

Garmin Vivoactive smartwatch More

Though its square face isn t especially attractive, the Vivoactive is surprisingly lightweight. What s more, its color touchscreen uses transflective technology, which means it s easier to see in bright sunlight without requiring an energy-eating backlight. Of course, Vivoactive also has a backlight so you can use it in the dark.

The watch also comes loaded with Garmin s Connect IQ software, which lets you download apps to the watch through the company s Garmin Connect app on your smartphone.

So, if you want to, you can check the weather, get smartphone notifications for things like missed calls and text messages, and control your handset s music player without having to take your phone out of your pocket.

Garmin Vivoactive smartwatch More

Most impressive, however, is the Vivoactive s three weeks of battery life even with its always-on display and activity tracker running. Switch on the watch s GPS, however, and its battery life drops to 10 hours: a nightly charge.

Epix

Garmin s Epix is the smartwatch built for the person who loves being outdoors but doesn t want to carry a clunky GPS to track her hikes. Like the Vivoactive, the Epix comes with a color touchscreen display and access to the Garmin Connect app store.

Garmin Epix smartwatch More

Read More 
2015-03-18
Yahoo Pulls the Plug on China Operations Yahoo Inc. is withdrawing its remaining operations in China, laying off between 200 and 300 employees and shutting down its Beijing research center, according to a person familiar with the matter.

The company said it informed employees of the job cuts on Wednesday. The Beijing office, Yahoo s only physical presence in mainland China, was mostly made up of engineers and functioned as a research and development center.  We will be... Yahoo Demos Password-Free Logins and End-To-Encrypted Email It s no secret that governments around the world are doing their best to snoop on civilian communications. Intelligence organisations like the NSA and CIA have tried everything, from infecting hard drive firmware to targeting popular mobile devices. Since Edward Snowden s reports about government surveillance, technology companies have started boosting privacy measures to protect users and regain their trust.

Back in June 2014, Google announced a Chrome plugin to provide end-to-end encryption for Gmail users. Yahoo also announced that it was working on a version of Google s plugin for Yahoo Mail users. Just recently, Yahoo showed off the company s progress on end-to-end at the SXSW festival in Austin, Texas and introduced a new, password-free login system.

Security vs. Usability

Most users are reluctant to adopt strong online security measures since that often means sacrificing ease-of-use. For instance, most tech companies now support two-factor authentication, which adds an additional one-time password to your account that can only be obtained from your mobile device. While this method of authentication is significantly more secure, it also slows users down since it adds an additional step. Yahoo hopes that it can find a perfect balance between security and usability with its new authentication system.

 We ve all been there you re logging into your email and you panic because you ve forgotten your password. After racking your brain for what feels like hours, it finally comes to you. Phew! Today, we re hoping to make that process less anxiety-inducing by introducing on-demand passwords, which are texted to your mobile phone when you need them. You no longer have to memorize a difficult password to sign in to your account   what a relief! 

Yahoo s  on-demand passwords  allow users to always have a strong, ever-changing password that they don t need to memorize. While this is inherently less secure than two-factor authentication, on-demand passwords may just strike the perfect balance between convenience and security. The only problem would be if a user were to lose his/her mobile phone.

The on-demand passwords feature is available today for U.S. users to try. However, that s not the only new security feature from Yahoo. The company has also demoed its end-to-end plugin, which Yahoo hopes to have ready for the public by the end of the year.

Yahoo s end-to-end encryption system is a lot more user-friendly than traditional methods like GPGTools. However, it still may not be as convenient as sending a regular email, and the company doesn t expect users to use end-to-end for everything. As Yahoo s security chief Alex Stamos told the Washington Post, the majority of users  emails would still remain unencrypted. Users would only encrypt emails containing particularly sensitive information.

 What we re trying to do at Yahoo is build our products so they re safe and trustworthy, not just secure.  -Alex Stamos, Yahoo Inc. Chief of Security

Images from Shutterstock. Proof That Working From Home Is Here To Stay: Even Yahoo Still Does It When newly hired CEO Marissa Mayer kicked off her turnaround at Yahoo, she banned employees from working from home.

When Andy Mattes kicked off his turnaround at Diebold, the first thing the new CEO did was look for employees who wanted to work remotely.

Before Mattes arrived in 2013, Diebold s ability to recruit had been limited by its policy of only hiring folks who would live near its headquarters in Canton, Ohio. Mattes saw this was a problem.

 We wanted the brightest people on the planet,  Mattes told The Huffington Post.  We were fishing in a small fishing pond. 

With the promise of telecommuting, Diebold, which makes ATMs, was able to lure workers away from places like Oracle, HP and Intel, Mattes said.  We got talent from a  who s who  of the tech industry,  he said. Of the 75 top leaders at Diebold, about half are based outside of Canton, in places like Silicon Valley, Chicago, Boston, Dallas and Atlanta.

Diebold CEO Andy Mattes

When Yahoo called remote workers back to the office in 2013 in order to improve worker collaboration and communication, there was a lot of hand-wringing about the future of the workplace. Was it in the office? At home?

Now, two years later, it s clear: Telecommuting has won. Even Yahoo seems to have softened its stance. Workers inside the company told HuffPost that some employees still do occasionally work from home, depending on their job, and some do not have a desk in the office. Yahoo declined to comment for this article.

This appears to be a step away from the company's original prohibition. In a leaked memo from 2013, Yahoo's HR head even seemed to caution workers away from telework while waiting for the cable guy.  Please use your best judgment in the spirit of collaboration,  the memo said.

But many companies seem to have figured out how to collaborate remotely, and are embracing working outside the office as a way to lure top talent, boost productivity and offer a work-life benefit to employees who are increasingly stretched thin in their jobs -- and in life.

For all its benefits, working from home -- or WFH, as it s known in modern shorthand -- is creating new challenges for workers and managers. While studies have shown that remote workers are more productive, often that s because they re working more hours than their in-office counterparts. Socializing and communicating remotely take a deft touch.

Workers and managers need to figure it all out soon: The virtual work world is growing rapidly. The number of people working remotely grew by about 6 percent per year between 2000 and 2010, according to Nicholas Bloom, an economics professor at Stanford who has a study of WFH and productivity due out this month in the Quarterly Journal of Economics.

Pure WFH is still a relatively small share of the workforce -- 2.4 percent in 2010, according to Bloom s research. Yet the proportion of employees who work at home at least sometimes is astonishingly large: Sixty-seven percent of employers were allowed occasional remote work in 2014, according to a study released that year by the nonprofit Families and Work Institute. That s up from 50 percent in 2008, the study found.

In the U.S., remote work is more common for workers at the lowest and highest ends of the pay scale, according to Bloom's research.





Along with researchers at Stanford and Peking University, Bloom studied a group of 500 workers at Ctrip, a publicly listed Chinese travel agency. Half were assigned to WFH and the rest to work in the office.

The results were striking. Ctrip workers who telecommuted were much more productive than their in-office counterparts -- in part because remote workers put in more hours and took less time off, with fewer breaks and sick days.  Ctrip got almost an extra workday a week out of them,  Bloom told The Harvard Business Review.

The  quit rates  of remote workers were also much lower -- half the rate of the group that worked in an office. Bloom also said that the company saved $1,900 per remote worker -- money not spent on space and furniture.

Diebold, for its part, views its remote worker initiative as a success because it was able to up its game around hiring. "Many who we have hired outside of Canton would not have joined the company had we required relocation," said Sheila Rutt, Diebold's chief human resource officer. "The proof will ultimately be in our results. It's a virtual world with a 24/7 global workday -- work is what we do, not where we are."

Still, the company has a ways to go -- Mattes came on board around the same time that several company executives left the firm in a bribery scandal. Sales were up a little in 2014, to $3.1 billion from $2.8 billion the prior year, but the company's stock hasn't really budged since Mattes arrived. It's still too early to call this a slam-dunk turnaround.

Bloom told HuffPost that remote work helps the environment because workers travel less. It is an economic boost as well, he said, because it helps parents and older workers who might want to cut back on commute times and be closer to family.

While the flexibility to work from home has clear and obvious benefits for workers, workers lose if this flexibility is ineffectively managed, said Kenneth Matos, senior director of research at the Families and Work Institute.

 Working from home removes certain time pressures, but creates ambiguity around start and stop time,  he said. There needs to be a clear conversation between workers and managers about when the day begins and ends.

That s not often happening, according to many experts and remote workers HuffPost spoke with. For higher-level executives, clear stop times might not be particularly realistic.

 It s hard to shut it off,  said Diebold Vice President Rachel McClary, who works out of her home in Boston.  I m constantly on. I might be cooking dinner at 7 p.m., and I m checking an email. 

McClary has spent most of her career as a remote worker, and most of it managing teams. She has a tested system in place to ensure clear communication with employees. For example, she tells her team upfront that she won t be sending them  thank you  emails because they re a waste of time to send and a distraction to receive. She also tells them not to leave her voicemails and that if an email thread gets longer than three responses, pick up the phone.

McClary said she spends a lot of time on the phone talking to her workers -- something of a lost art in 2015.  There could be two people who sit in the same office space sending emails to each other,  she said.

Might as well stay at home, then. Sony's PlayStation Vue Brings Streaming Live TV to Your PS4 Without a Cable ... 

Cable TV is expensive. Between the service costs, broadcast fees, regional sports fees, and equipment costs, you end up shelling out a heck of a lot of dough each month just to watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey.

But Sony might have the solution to your cable conundrum with its new PlayStation Vue service.

A new Vue-ing experience

Available starting today in New York City, Chicago, and Philadelphia, Vue is a Web-based cable-TV streaming service that brings your favorite television shows and channels to your PlayStation 3 or PlayStation 4.

To be clear, we re talking about live TV just like you get from a cable or satellite provider, sent over the Internet to your PlayStation. p.

Don t have a PlayStation? Sony says it also has plans to release a version of Vue for Apple s iOS operating system and hopes to bring the service to other devices in the future.

Content

What sets Vue apart from similar over-the-top services such as Dish s Sling TV is the sheer number of channels available through Sony s offering.

The company has deals in place for 85 channels from networks including CBS, Discovery Communications, Fox, Fox News Networks, NBCUniversal, Scripps Networks Interactive, Turner, Viacom, and AMC Networks.

Sling TV, on the other hand, has just 39 channels. What s more, Sling TV doesn t include broadcast networks like NBC, Fox, and CBS. Neither Vue nor Sling TV has ABC.

Dish s offering does, however, come with ESPN, which is popular among younger viewers. Vue doesn t have access to ESPN.

Interface

If you ve used a PlayStation 3 or PlayStation 4, you ll feel right at home with Vue. The home screen is laid out with the app s Timeline, My Shows, Favorite Channels, Live TV, Recommended, and Feature Shows categories available in a vertical row on the left side of the screen.

Above that, you have the Search option, Explore, Guide, and Tools. If you designate a show as a favorite by highlighting it and pressing the R1 button on your controller, Vue will automatically record every occurrence of the program in Sony s cloud-based DVR, where they ll stay for 28 days.

Sony says you can make favorites of up to 500 different shows. You ll probably want to avoid this, though, as watching that much TV will likely result in your physically melding with your couch, forming some kind of sentient human-couch monster.

Read More 
2015-05-06
Why Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Is Struggling To Make Money Jim Bach: The problems are all too visible at Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and have been for a while. They ve been trying to fruitlessly grab at market share in an industry that has long been in the hands of much more inventive and dominating forces.

The best question about Yahoo right now is not necessarily,  How does Yahoo make money?  but rather,  How does Yahoo still make money? 

Investors have known for a long time that Yahoo is in trouble. CEO Marissa Mayer is often criticized for her handling of a once much more powerful online brand name since she stepped into the role in 2012. But the problems didn t start with her.

In fact, they began well before she was even on the short list of CEOs the board considered as the turnaround exec.

The biggest issue is Yahoo s falling revenue. Yahoo s revenue peaked in 2008 at $7.2 billion and has slipped every year since then. In 2014, Yahoo earnings reported revenue of $4.6 billion.

This six-year, 36% revenue decline has come from a couple of sources. There was, of course, a crisis in Yahoo management that began with an activist investor push to dethrone former CEO Terry Semel in 2007, which lead to a succession of CEOs who couldn t quite right the ship. Mayer is the latest in that line.

But internal problems aside, there was a bigger industry trend that hammered Yahoo. Yahoo s principal revenue generator is selling ad space. Yahoo revenues began their descent with the changing advertising landscape.

There s no better illustration of the problem than in the newspaper industry, which felt the pain of this shift around 2006. Newspapers had been profitable for a long time because before the advent of the Internet, advertisers were fighting over limited ad space in print.

The Internet changed the game forever. Suddenly, there was an infinite amount of ad space. Print advertisers no longer had leverage in setting the prices, and their business models collapsed.

Just look at the New York Times Co. (NYSE: NYT). In 2006, when advertising revenue peaked, 70% of the company s revenue came from its advertisements while the other 30% came from circulation   mainly subscription fees.

In 2014, advertising revenue made up 44% of that split, while circulation made up about 56%. That can fully be attributed to the challenges of selling ad space on the web, and the lesser role of advertising in print.

But Yahoo purely sells ads on the web. It doesn t have the ability to milk revenue from a legacy print publication, or jack up subscription fees like The New York Times has tried to do.

So, how does Yahoo make money now?

Here s the simplest answer 

How Does Yahoo Make Money?

Yahoo s revenue comes primarily from  search  and  display  advertising revenue. This is largely handled through an ad marketplace launched last year called Yahoo! Gemini, which consolidated Yahoo s now defunct Yahoo! Ad Manager, allowing advertisers to create ads across devices.

It works this way: Advertisers will create an ad with a graphic and some ad copy and a link to their website.

They will then run an ad campaign that allows them to set a budget on a Cost per Click (CPC) basis   meaning they don t pay until a Yahoo user engages with their ad, or a Cost per Mille (CPM) basis   they pay per thousand views, more popular among larger advertisers simply trying to fight for market share and make their already-recognized name more visible.

Yahoo will then place those ads across its properties, depending on what demographics and keywords the ad campaign stipulated, as well as the budget. Yahoo has a number of properties   Yahoo! Sports, Yahoo! Style, etc., that run content on a feed. The ads will be integrated into that feed on desktops, tablets, and smartphones.

They will also be placed in relevant searches, and in Yahoo! Mail users  inboxes.

This is the bulk of Yahoo s business. To Mayer s credit, she has tried to make advertising easier for Yahoo customers. She s consolidated the platform with Gemini. She s built up mobile advertising from nothing.

She acquired Flurry last year to handle analytics for mobile advertisers. And she acquired Brightroll to allow for video advertisements on Yahoo s streaming video content.

So the answer of,  How does Yahoo make money?  is pretty clear. It s all in the ads. But why is Yahoo in trouble?

Why Yahoo Is Struggling to Make Money

Yahoo began rebuilding its empire in the wake of the dot-com bust. From 2001 to 2008, revenues at Yahoo grew from $717.4 million to $7.2 billion   a tenfold increase.

And what s more, Yahoo was still able to grow ad sales in the years whenThe New York Timesand other newspapers saw their ads shrink because, at least on this front, Yahoo was ahead of the curve. Yahoo was in the mix of players who correctly identified online ads as the next frontier for the industry.

But as Yahoo was crushing names like The New York Times, they rested on their laurels and let the more innovative players revolutionize the ad game.

You see, it wasn t enough to identify the web as the new ad medium, Yahoo needed to make its brand name the most attractive platform to advertise on. It didn t.

Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG, GOOGL) crafted the superior algorithms to deliver the most attractive search ad platform   and that s how GOOG has come to dominate one end of the online advertising market. Google has 64.5% of the search market share, while Yahoo has only 12.8%, according to the most recent data from comScore.

Then there s Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB). Facebook is the preeminent social networking site. It has figured out how to not only draw in a pool of more 1 billion users who are actively engaged, but it has also figured out how to seamlessly integrate ads into the social media experience.

These are where companies want the bulk of their ad dollars going. They want their ads to run on the number one search giant and on the most successful social media platform with a highly engaged user base. Yahoo offers neither of these.

That s why revenue has been falling. And it s why investors are wondering,  How does Yahoo still make money? 

To Mayer s credit, she s trying to step up the ad game. But it just may be too late.

 The world has passed them by and they re too stupid to recognize,  Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald said.  Yahoo is never, ever going to achieve the glory that it once had. 

The Bottom Line: So while the answer to  How does Yahoo make money?  is clear, Yahoo s future isn t. Mayer has identified where the money is going to be made in online advertising and where advertisers are going to spend money   primarily mobile and video   and she s adjusting accordingly. But when Facebook and Google were revolutionizing the ad game, Yahoo wasn t. Yahoo is right now simply moving with the trends, not creating them. And that s why, while Yahoo can still make money, it can do little more than remain a second-tier player in the online ad marketplace.

Written By Jim Bach From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet.And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. A Look At 12 Of Alibaba's Largest Investors Many investors find tracking a stock s institutional ownership effective as a strategy.

Investment firms usually count with resources and research that individual investors don t. Thus, their stock picks are not random.

A look at Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) s institutional shareholders might provide a better idea of the stock s worth as the company prepares to report its fourth quarter earnings.

The Well Known

On mid-February, thee major shareholders disclosed how much Alibaba stock they owned. The largest stockholder, Softbank Corp, declared ownership of 797,742,990 Ordinary shares, which represented about 32.1 percent of the total shares outstanding.

For its part, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) said it owns 15.4 percent of Alibaba s Ordinary stock, or 383,565,416 shares.

Finally, Mr. Jack Ma admitted holding 377,382,163 shares, representing 15.15 percent of the total Ordinary shares outstanding.

Other Investment Firms

By the end of 2014, Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. was the largest known institutional shareholder, with 54,679,509 shares, worth more than $5.6 billion at the time. The firm was trailed by T. Rowe Price Associates, which said it owned 22,348,104 shares by December 31, 2014.

Other major firms with billionaire stakes in the Chinese Internet company are FMR LLC (19,166,094 shares) and Sands Capital Management (19,566,814 shares).

Hedge Funds

Finally, let s take a look at some of the hedgies invested in Alibaba. The largest known hedge fund shareholder at the company -as of the end of 2014- was Dan Loeb of Third Point LLC, who boosted his exposure by 38 percent, to 10,000,000 shares,over the last quarter of the year.

On the opposite, Rob Citrone s Discovery Capital Management trimmed his wage by 10 percent over the quarter, to 9,252,511 shares.

Other prominent hedge fund investors are George Soros, Andreas Halvorsen and John Paulson.

Posted-In: Andreas Halvorsen Dan LoebShort Sellers Hedge Funds Previews Tech Trading Ideas General

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Google, Yahoo keen to hire Asians as programmers but not as executives ...  All in a name: Madison Bumgarner rules the (softball) mound How many Madison Bumgarner's are there? Apparently, at least three. They all hail from the same small town in North Carolina. One is the 2014 World Series MVP. Another once dated that MVP. And now NBC Charlotte reports a third is emerging as a star on the softball mound.

It gets confusing, following all of the Bumgarners in South Caldwell, a.k.a. "Bumtown." The high school softball pitcher says she is a sixth cousin of the San Francisco Giants pitcher. They must have inherited at least a few of the same genes, as the younger Bumgarner is tearing up the competition this season.

View photos San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Madison Bumgarner throws to the San Diego Padres during the fourth inning of a baseball game Monday, May 4, 2015, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) More

The older Bumgarner led the South Caldwell Spartans to the state title in 2007, shortly before being picked in the first round of the MLB draft. One of his state championship teammates is now coaching the Spartans varsity softball team.

 So far I ve gotten to win a lot of games with both of them. There s a lot of similarities, both are very competitive,  coach Casey Justice told NBC Charlotte.

For those that don't know the two Bumgarners personally, it can be confusing. The younger Bumgarner told NBC,  On Facebook, I guess they didn t look at the picture and someone sent me a message saying,  Congratulations on your World Series win.  I said,  Thanks!' 

___________________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her onTwitter and Facebook. PayPal Founder's Lending Startup, Affirm, Raises $275 Million Affirm, the microlending project of PayPal Inc. co-founder Max Levchin, raised $275 million as it competes with other startups that are rethinking financial services.

Spark Capital Growth, Jefferies Group, Andreessen Horowitz joined existing investors Khosla Ventures and Lightspeed Venture Partners in Affirm s second round of debt and equity financing, the San-Francisco based company said in a statement Wednesday. Bloomberg LP, the parent of Bloomberg News, is an investor in Andreessen Horowitz.

The funding will be used to increase Affirm s lending capacity and expand other operations and products. The company, which has 54 employees, previously raised $50 million.

Affirm, created in 2013, offers online loans for everything from jewelry to coding classes. Interest rates run from 6 percent to 30 percent, on loans for as long as 12 months.

 It felt that we left a bunch of work unfinished after PayPal, most importantly, the actual credit underwriting,  Levchin said in an interview.  Most merchants that we work with tend to realize very quickly that they really open up a whole new set of buyers.  He declined to disclose the company s valuation.

Online investment adviser Wealthfront and lenders Prosper Marketplace Inc. and Earnest Inc. are some of the other venture-backed startups that are adapting financial services online.

Levchin is a director of Evernote Corp. and Yahoo! Inc. and chairman of Yelp Inc. He also is chairman of reproductive-health data startup Glow. Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg Pays Tribute to Husband David Goldberg STANFORD, Calif (Reuters) - Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg re-emerged in public on Tuesday after the accidental death of her husband last week, offering a personal tribute to him in a Silicon Valley memorial service and on her Facebook page.

Many of the tech world's top executives filled a 1,700-seat auditorium at Stanford University to commemorate David Goldberg, chief executive of SurveyMonkey. He died at age 47 on Friday after a treadmill accident during a vacation in Mexico.

"We had 11 truly joyful years of the deepest love, happiest marriage, and truest partnership that I could imagine," Sandberg posted on Facebook. "He gave me the experience of being deeply understood, truly supported and completely and utterly loved - and I will carry that with me always."

Her post appeared hours after the ceremony, a tribute to the low-key executive, whose marriage to Sandberg added to his fame from building a company valued at $2 billion.

Speakers described Goldberg's self-deprecation, modesty and selflessness, and the event, closed to the media, included several nods to his passions.

On their way out, guests were offered Minnesota Vikings baseball caps as a reminder of the Minneapolis-born Goldberg's lighthearted nature and love of sports, according to a person who attended the service and who declined to be identified.

Also on hand were playing cards stamped with his initials, and poker chips. During the ceremony, U2 s Bono sang "One," the Irish rock band s anthem to love and support.

Goldberg's brother, Robert Goldberg, who announced the death on Saturday morning on Facebook, and several friends spoke at the private service, the person said.

Many guests entered through side and back doors after driving into a cordoned-off area behind the hall. Some, such as Hewlett Packard Chief Executive Meg Whitman, walked up the steps and through the main entrance.

Many began offering personal tributes to Goldberg on social media on Saturday, including Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg. Sandberg, however, remained silent until Tuesday morning, when she responded to a public note by President Barack Obama.

"David Goldberg embodied the definition of a real leader - someone who was always looking for ways to empower others," the president wrote in a Facebook message signed B.O., meaning he personally wrote it. "We're heartbroken by him leaving us far too soon - but we celebrate a remarkable legacy."

Sandberg in turn took to Facebook, thanking Obama for his friendship. "Dave Goldberg admired you for your leadership, passion, and your deep love of sports," she wrote.

She also changed her Facebook cover photo on Tuesday morning to a picture of her dancing with Goldberg at their wedding in 2004.

Goldberg built SurveyMonkey into a poll-taking juggernaut after joining the company in 2009. He previously worked for venture firm Benchmark, after founding Launch Media and selling it to Yahoo Inc in 2001.

"As we put the love of my life to rest today, we buried only his body," Sandberg wrote. "His spirit, his soul, his amazing ability to give is still with it." 
2015-01-27
Yahoo to spin off its Alibaba stake CUPERTINO, Calif.   Yahoo Inc. made investors happy by announcing a spinoff of its nearly $40-billion stake in Alibaba Group Holding, but the move won't add money to Yahoo's coffers   or mask the company's continued problems with its core business.

For months, Yahoo had been under mounting shareholder pressure to do something with its massive 15.4% holding in the Chinese Internet giant. It gave in on Tuesday, saying its entire Alibaba investment would be placed in a separate, publicly traded company called SpinCo.

All of Yahoo's 384 million Alibaba shares will be transferred tax-free to the new company, saving the beleaguered Sunnyvale, Calif., billions in taxes it would pay if it sold the shares on the open market.

"We made the conscious decision to distribute 100% of our Alibaba shares because we felt maximum tax efficiency was important," Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said in a call with analysts after announcing the move, which she said the company arrived at after an "exhaustive" two-year review.

"With today's plan for a tax-free transaction, we stand to realize $3.31 billion of additional tax savings."

Stockholders sent Yahoo's shares soaring after hours. Shares gained $3.61, or more than 7.5%, to $51.60 in extended trading.

James Angel, associate professor of finance at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, said the spinoff was a clean way to get Alibaba's value into the hands of shareholders. It also alleviates shareholder fears that Yahoo would use the holdings to buy smaller companies.

"By doing this, Yahoo doesn't get any cash, but they're giving value to their shareholders," he said. "This deal is good for shareholders. It remains to be seen if it will be good for Yahoo."

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer Jason Alden / Bloomberg Marissa Mayer, chief executive of Yahoo, at the World Economic Forum earlier this month. Marissa Mayer, chief executive of Yahoo, at the World Economic Forum earlier this month. (Jason Alden / Bloomberg)

Yahoo continues to struggle, despite the high-profile appointment of Mayer as CEO in 2012 and a subsequent string of acquisitions.

Although the Alibaba news overshadowed Yahoo's weak fourth-quarter earnings report Tuesday, it didn't hide it completely: For the three months ended Dec. 31, Yahoo reported that total revenue declined 1% year over year. Earnings per share fell to 17 cents, down from 33 cents a year earlier.

Yahoo's Alibaba investment has long been its golden egg, accounting for 85% of Yahoo's $47-billion market value.

Without it, Mayer will be in charge of a much smaller, much less valuable Yahoo   and one that doesn't appear to have a game-changing turnaround in sight.

The spinoff "does not solve Yahoo's fundamental strategic problems," Angel said. "They're stagnant in their core business. They don't have a search engine as good as Google's. They're in a difficult strategic position. So what are they going to do about it?"

For now, that doesn't seem clear.

In the call with analysts, Mayer said "the core of Yahoo's business is returning to health and stability and, we believe, growth" without offering too many specifics on the quarters ahead. She called out Yahoo's key areas of investment   mobile, video, native ads and social   saying that those are the fastest-growing areas of digital advertising.

She noted that Yahoo has been reallocating resources at the company "away from legacy businesses and towards future-oriented activities" by mixing up where employees are deployed and through acquisitions.

The company certainly buys itself some much-needed time with the spinoff.

"Marissa Mayer has done well for shareholders in the step she just took, so she might have a few quarters to change things around," said B. Riley & Co. analyst Sameet Sinha. "If she can get [revenue and profit] back to stable ground, that would make people happy. And of course, revenue growth from then on."

Alibaba, an Internet juggernaut based in Hangzhou, China, went public on Wall Street in September in the largest IPO of all time. The total haul from the IPO was $25.03 billion. In that deal, Yahoo sold Alibaba stock worth more than $9 billion and took a tax hit.

Yahoo's savvy investments in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan have helped triple its stock price since Mayer joined the company. Yahoo said it would retain its nearly 36% stake, at a current market value of $7 billion, in Yahoo Japan.

Post-split, Yahoo will consist of its core operating business, net cash and its ownership in the Yahoo Japan joint venture. SpinCo will hold the Alibaba shares as well as a legacy ancillary business; the new company will not assume any debt as part of the transaction.

All Yahoo shareholders will receive proportional shares in SpinCo and keep their existing Yahoo stock until they decide to sell it. Holders of SpinCo shares will be subject to the capital gains tax if they sell SpinCo stock. Yahoo said it intends to complete the spinoff by the end of the year.

andrea.chang@latimes.com

tracey.lien@latimes.com

Twitter: @byandreachang, @traceylien Yahoo Shares Jump After Announcing Alibaba Spin Off Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

26:15 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Regrets Over Pot Legalization and Other Marijuana Stock News (MJNA, NDEV, CNAB ... Some are already regretting pot legalization plus other news about small cap marijuana stocks like Medical Marijuana Inc (OTCMKTS: MJNA) along with Novus Acquisition & Development Corp (OTCMKTS: NDEV), Cannabis Sativa Inc (OTCBB: CBDS), Abattis Bioceuticals Corp (OTCMKTS: ATTBF), United Cannabis Corporation (OTCBB: CNAB), Medbox Inc (OTCMKTS: MDBX) and Green Cures & Botanical Distribution Inc (OTCMKTS: GRCU) which were last year s top performing pot stocks:

The Train Has Left the Station Part I. Gov. John Hickenlooper, a Democrat who opposed the 2012 decision by voters to make pot legal, said Friday on CNBC's  Squawk Box  that Colorado s decision to legalize marijuana was a bad idea and that the state still doesn t fully know what the unintended consequences of the move will be.

 If I could've waved a wand the day after the election, I would've reversed the election and said, 'This was a bad idea.  You don't want to be the first person to do something like this There's a whole regulatory environment ... that really regulates alcohol  We're starting from scratch, and we don't have a federal partner because [marijuana] is still illegal federally. 

His advice to other governors is to  wait a couple of years  before legalizing marijuana as Colorado continues to navigate an unknown, nonexisting federal regulatory landscape

The Train Has Left the Station  Part 2. Calls to the Washington Poison Center for marijuana exposures jumped by more than half, from 158 in 2013 to 246 last year while calls about exposure to marijuana combined with other drugs spiked in Colorado to 70 such last year - up from 39 calls in 2013 and 49 calls in 2012. What s troubling has been the increase in children who wind up going to the hospital for marijuana exposure where the are subjected to blood tests or spinal taps (because they seem lethargic and parents don t realize they got into marijuana)

Obama on Marijuana. In a video interview posted on Real Clear Politics, President Obama stated:

 The position of my administration has been: We still have federal laws, that classify marijuana as an illegal substance, but we're not going to spend a lot of resources trying to turn back decisions that have been made at the state level on this issue. 

Marijuana Penny Stocks That Outperformed in 2014. High Times quoted Viridian Capital & Research as saying that consulting was the top-performing sector of all marijuana penny stocks last year followed by biotech and infused-product companies:

 There s a demand now for experts to lead the entrepreneur through the application process, and that demand will continue as these entrepreneurs who are licensed will also need to be taught how to sustain a marijuana business and comply as standards are set along the way. 

Top performers included Novus Acquisition & Development Corporation which gained 3,400%, Cannabis Sativa which gained 953.3%, Abattis Bioceuticals which gained 850%, United Cannabis Corp which gained 712.5%, Medbox which gained 51.8% and Green Cures and Botanicals which gained 50%.

10 Cannabis Startups That Have Raised Over $1 Million. Aside from Privateer Holdings which recently closed a $75 million funding round, a Forbes contributor has recently compiled this list of marijuana startups that have attracted venture capital: Leafline Labs ($12.4M), Four Twenty Investments ($10M), Palliatech ($10M), Vida Cannabis ($9.39M), CannTrust ($3.79M), MedMen ($3.75M), Agricare ($2M), Eaze ($1.5M), MassRoots ($1.2M) and Aquarius Cannabis ($1.16M).

Medical Marijuana Inc's Year-End Report. Medical Marijuana Inc has issued an end of the year report to highlight the achievements of its portfolio companies, including HempMeds; CanChew Biotechnologies; Wellness Managed Services' JV MPS-International, Inc (MPSI); Medical Marijuana Inc's JV HempWire, LLC; HempV P; and Dixie Botanicals. In addition, Medical Marijuana Inc has announced a definitive agreement to acquire 100% membership interest of Kannaway, LLC, a network sales and marketing company specializing in the sales and marketing of hemp-based botanical products, for an undisclosed. The valuation of Kannaway is in the range of $119.6-242.7 million. Otherwise, its worth noting that shares of Medical Marijuana Inc were up only about 8.2% last year but they are up 8.7% so far this year.

Trading Frenzy Over the Australia Stock Exchange s First Marijuana Stock. PhytoTech Medical, the first medical marijuana stock to list on the ASX, more than doubled in price to 42  a piece on its first day of trading when it raised $5.9 million through 30 million shares issued at 20  each. The Perth-based company will manufacture vaporisers in Israel to provide smokeless delivery systems across Europe, the United States and Canada for medical marijuana which it will grow in California and Uruguay. It will also supply the devices in Australia should medical marijuana be legalized there. Stronger Dollar Hits US Earnings The dollar s surge is reducing earnings at American companies from Procter & Gamble Co. to Pfizer Inc. and DuPont Co. that make a large portion of their revenue abroad.

P&G, the world s biggest consumer-products maker, Tuesday reported profit that missed analysts  estimates in the quarter ended Dec. 31 after what Chief Executive Officer A.G. Lafley called  unprecedented  foreign-exchange rate fluctuations reduced sales by 5 percentage points. DuPont and drugmakers Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. all posted annual forecasts that trailed predictions, in part because of the dollar.

While 75 percent of Standard & Poor s 500 Index companies have beaten analysts  estimates so far this earnings season as the U.S. economy weathers a slowdown in global growth, the dollar s advance is making American goods and services more expensive overseas, eroding sales. The greenback s strength has taken some companies by surprise, prompting United Technologies Corp. to cut an annual outlook that was just a month old.

 There wasn t much choice here but to take the full year down,  United Technologies CEO Gregory Hayes said Monday in an interview. His company, the maker of Pratt & Whitney jet engines, Sikorsky helicopters and Otis elevators, is now modeling for a euro at $1.10, after projecting the currency at $1.25 in issuing full-year earnings expectations last month.

Money has flooded into dollar assets in recent months as the world s largest economy outperforms its developed peers and the Fed prepares to raise its main interest rate from the zero-to-0.25 percent range it s been in since 2008.

The U.S. Dollar Index rose to the highest since September 2003 on Monday, adding to this year s 4 percent gain. The measure, which Intercontinental Exchange Inc. uses to track the greenback against the currencies of six trade partners, surged 5 percent last quarter.

Impact on Tech

Earnings later today from Apple Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. will give investors a better sense of the impact on technology companies, which get a big chunk of revenue from abroad. Microsoft Corp. s results last night showed that a year-old turnaround by CEO Satya Nadella is being tripped up in overseas markets by the stronger dollar, which, combined with a slump in China and Japan, curbed sales of business-software licenses.

 The one sector that is arguably the most exposed to the rising dollar is technology as the sector is by far the best represented among the group of shares with the least North American sales exposure,  Simon Colvin, an analyst at Markit, said in a report.

In many cases, like Microsoft s, the strength of the dollar is only adding to challenges faced by the companies. Pfizer, the biggest U.S. drugmaker, is trying to replace revenue after losing exclusive sales rights to blockbuster medicines including Celebrex and Lipitor.

Hedging Currencies

Other companies, like Honeywell International Inc., were able to anticipate the currency changes. Back in October, Honeywell CEO Dave Cote reversed his policy and started using currency hedges because he was -- rightly -- concerned the euro may sink further.

3M Co. today was another example of a global business weathering the dollar strength, partially with currency hedges. The St. Paul, Minnesota-based manufacturer beat fourth-quarter earnings estimates, countering the negative effects of foreign-exchange rates with stronger sales, especially in fast-growing markets.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

P&G, which makes about two-thirds of annual sales outside of the U.S., said currency effects will continue to be a drag in the current fiscal year and reduce sales by 5 percent, leading to a decline of as much as 4 percent from a year earlier. Like Kimberly-Clark Corp. and other consumer companies, Cincinnati-based P&G was especially hurt by a slump in Venezuela, where falling oil prices have heightened the bolivar s volatility.

Bristol-Myers, the New York-based maker of cancer treatments such as Yervoy for melanoma, gets about half its sales outside the U.S. The dollar s strength weighs down the company as it pursues growth by focusing on a new class of cancer drugs.

Caterpillar Inc. also disappointed investors today with 2015 sales and earnings forecasts that trailed analysts  estimates. The world s largest mining equipment maker was hurt by falling oil and copper prices that threaten to lower demand from drillers and miners.

The weaker euro and Japanese yen led to a drop in sales last quarter, Caterpillar also said. However, the strength of the dollar, while negative for sales, helps cut costs and overall is expected to be positive to profit, Caterpillar said.

So far 118 of S&P 500 members have posted results. Among other companies reporting after the market closes are AT&T Inc. and Amgen Inc. Tomorrow, 31 S&P 500 companies are scheduled to post earnings, including Boeing Co., General Dynamics Corp. and Facebook Inc. 
2015-08-18
BuzzFeed coming to Japan in Yahoo partnership BuzzFeed says it will launch a Japanese news website in a partnership with Yahoo Japan, the latest step in a global expansion push.

The announcement Monday marks a departure from practice for the social news website, which has gone it alone in launching in Britain, Brazil, France, Australia, India, Germany, Mexico and Canada.

 We ve been really successful with the wholly owned and operated, organic-growth model we ve used for launches in other countries, but in Japan we want to open with a partner who can help accelerate our growth,  BuzzFeed President Greg Coleman said.

 This is why a joint venture makes the most sense. We put a lot of thought into finding the right partner. Beyond looking at pure reach, we wanted to find a team that has local cultural knowledge, established clients and strong revenue numbers. 

Coleman said Yahoo Japan  is a perfect fit because it is a pure-play digital company untethered to the legacy constraints of traditional media  and added that  we have many of the same philosophies and approaches. 

Yahoo Japan is a joint venture with SoftBank and U.S.-based Yahoo Inc., which has said it is exploring options for its stake.

BuzzFeed will hold a majority stake in the new venture, which  means we ll have editorial and creative independence  for the operation, Coleman said.

Yahoo Japan  will advise the joint venture on cultural matters, drive traffic to BuzzFeed Japan and own the sales channel to bring BuzzFeed Japan to market,  he added.

BuzzFeed is one of the largest pure-play digital websites, claiming to reach some 200 million users worldwide.

With its recent expansion, the group says some 45 percent of traffic now comes from outside the United States.

Last year, the Silicon Valley investment group Andreessen Horowitz led a $50 million investment round that valued BuzzFeed at a reported $850 million.

Some reports have said BuzzFeed is set to announce a $200 million investment from NBCUniversal, a unit of Comcast, which could lift its value to $2.5 billion.

BuzzFeed, founded in 2006 by Huffington Post cofounder Jonah Peretti, was known for offbeat  shareable  news but has been investing in new staff and technology as it expands globally. Apple to open subsidiary in Vietnam: newswire Apple Inc. is likely to officially set up its subsidiary in Ho Chi Minh City as the iPhone maker is reportedly scheduled to meet with the municipal administration on the establishment of the Vietnam business.

>> An audio version of the story is available here

Tat Thanh Cang, deputy chairman of the Vietnamese metropolis, is slated to be briefed on  the report on the application for founding the Apple Vietnam Co. Ltd.  on August 19, tech website ICTNews reported on Monday, citing the working schedule of the city s authorities.

The presence of that top official suggests that Apple Vietnam Co. Ltd. is  really a subsidiary of the Cupertino, California-based Apple Inc.,  rather than a certain firm having the same name as the U.S. tech titan, the Hanoi-based newswire said.

Apple is rumored to have its representative in Vietnam and to have worked with local dealerships since the beginning of this year, according to sources.

ICTNews said it had contacted the alleged Apple representative in Vietnam, but the man declined to comment.

 He gave us an email address that includes  @apple.com  at the end, though,  the newswire said.

The owner of a hi-tech device store told ICTNews that the world's most profitable mobile phone maker  has been in Vietnam for nearly a year,  with hundreds of local employees.

 The establishment of a firm like Apple Vietnam Co. Ltd. is thus only a move to regularize their operations in the country,  an anonymous source said.

The Vietnamese employees of Apple are reportedly working in District 7, Ho Chi Minh City, according to the source.

It is unclear whether these 100 people are full-time employees or those who work for Apple via contracts signed between the U.S. firm and a third party.

Yahoo Inc. once applied such an employment model to its operations in Vietnam, according to ICTNews.

 There were many Vietnamese employees working for Yahoo but only a few of them were full-time employees,  the newswire said, citing a local mobile phone chain manager.

Yahoo closed its Vietnamese office in Ho Chi Minh City in late 2014, after shutting down the Vietnamese-language news site Yahoo News.

Apple Inc. already has its Apple Premium Resellers in Vietnam, and is running its business in the country via its Thai unit, according to ICTNews.

The tech giant revealed last year that Vietnam was its hottest market after sales there tripled in the first half of its fiscal 2014.

Around seven million mobile phones were sold in Vietnam in the first quarter of this year, 44.5 percent of which were smartphones, according to IDC.

Samsung grabbed the largest part of the cake, 35.2 percent, whereas Apple came fourth with 10.4 percent.



However, Apple had the second-biggest value of sales, 24.4 percent compared to 35.6 percent of leader Samsung.

Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter to get the latest news about Vietnam! Motorola's Moto G: A Budget Smartphone You'll Actually Love Smartphones are expensive. Apple s iPhone 6 and Samsung s Galaxy S6 cost $650 and $580, respectively, when unsubsidized. And that s without a monthly data plan.

But you don t have to shell out hundreds of dollars to get a great unlocked handset. Take Motorola s third-generation Moto G, for example.

Starting at $180, the Moto G boasts a 5-inch screen, a 13-megapixel camera, and 4G LTE network connectivity for fast Internet speeds. What s more, you can even customize the Moto G s colors to look the way you want.

Here s why Motorola s Moto G is the best budget smartphone on the planet.

Custom looks

With a starting price of $180, you can t expect the Moto G to sport the kind of high-design aluminum and glass construction found on the iPhone 6 and Galaxy S6. But this is no hideous, low-rent handset; the Moto G is actually fairly attractive.

Sure, it s made of plastic, but it s not too bulky. And despite its 5-inch screen, I found the phone extremely comfortable to hold. I could even use it with one hand, a novel concept in the age of supersized smartphones.

The Moto G s design is also extremely simple: just two buttons, one for power and a volume rocker on the right side. As with Motorola s other handsets, you mostly control the Moto G via its onscreen Android buttons. (To be honest, I prefer physical buttons. Call me old-fashioned, but I just like the way they feel.)

This is Motorola s third-generation Moto G, but it s the first version that you can customize using Motorola s Moto Maker service, which lets you choose your Moto G s paint job. You can pick from 10 colors for the handset s back panel and accent piece, as well as a black or white front panel.

Oh, and did I mention that the Moto G is water-resistant? Yep, with an IPX7 durability rating, the Moto G can spend up to 30 minutes in 3 feet of water without calling it quits.

Excellent 5-inch display

The Moto G s 5-inch screen is the perfect size for reading articles and watching movies, yet the handset is still small enough to fit in your pocket. No, the G doesn t have a super-high-resolution screen with 400 quintillion pixels per square inch, but it does have a 720p display that looks fantastic.

I watched the trailer for the upcoming Deadpool movie on the Moto G, and though some of the darker scenes were a bit difficult to make out, the overall image quality was great.

Read More 
2015-07-09
Adslot signs partnership with Yahoo!  
2015-08-25
Small Cap Wingstop Inc (WING): Brace for Indigestion? BOJA, PLKI & LOCO Small cap chicken restaurant stock Wingstop Inc (NASDAQ: WING) soared 60% in its June IPO   meaning its worth taking a closer look at the stock along with the performance of peers like Bojangles Inc (NASDAQ: BOJA), Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc (NASDAQ: PLKI) and El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: LOCO).

What is Wingstop Inc?

Founded in 1994 and headquartered in Dallas, small cap Wingstop Inc operates and franchises 785 restaurants across the United States, Mexico, Russia, Singapore, the Philippines, Indonesia and the United Arab Emirates as of the end of the second quarter 2015. The Wing Experts' menu features classic and boneless chicken wings with 11  bold, distinctive  flavors including Original Hot, Cajun, Atomic, Mild, Teriyaki, Lemon Pepper, Hawaiian, Garlic Parmesan, Hickory Smoked BBQ, Louisiana Rub and Mango Habanero. The company s wings are always cooked to order, sauced and tossed and served with a variety of house-made sides including Wingstop's hand-cut, seasoned fries.

As for potential small cap chicken restaurant peers or competitors, Bojangles Inc s Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits chain serves Southern menu items (such as  delicious, famous chicken, made-from-scratch buttermilk biscuits, flavorful fixin s and Legendary Iced Tea ) and had 258 company-operated and 377 franchised restaurants (primarily located in the Southeastern United States) as of March 29, 2015; Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc is the franchisor and operator of Popeyes restaurants, the world's second-largest quick-service chicken concept based on number of units as the company had 2,443 operating restaurants in the United States, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Cayman Islands and 27 foreign countries as of July 12, 2015; and El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc is the nation's leading fire-grilled chicken restaurant chain with more than 415 company-owned and franchised restaurants in Arizona, California, Nevada, Texas and Utah.

What You Need to Know or Be Warned About Wingstop Inc

Back in mid June, Wingstop Inc priced an IPO at $19, above its indicated range of $12 to $14 a share, and sold 2.15 million shares while existing shareholders sold another 3.65 million shares in a deal worth $110.2 million. Shares closed the day up 60.6% to $30.52.

After the IPO, CNBC s Jim Cramer noted that while Troy Aikman is on the Board, he sold 70,000 shares in the IPO and can sell the remaining 100,000 when the lock up period expires. He thinks expectations for Wingstop Inc are now too high.

 If Wingstop's growth agenda is questionable, its balance sheet? It's bad, maybe hideous. At the end of March, the company had $132.5 million in dicey floating rate debt, not fixed rate debt, verses just $2.9 million in cash. And while they are using about $35 million of the IPO proceeds to pay down some of that debt, they still have close to $100 million worth of obligations. 

Why is the balance sheet that bad? One of its private equity backers (Roark Capital) forced the company to repeatedly take out floating rate credit facilities in order to pay them $105 million dividends.

Nevertheless, the Wingstop Inc prospectus does reveal some juicy comps or figures:

In early August, Wingstop Inc reported second quarter revenue increase of 18.0% to $19.2 million as domestic same store sales increased 9.0% and system-wide restaurant count increased 19.5% to 785, with 40 net franchised restaurant openings in the quarter. Net income was $584,000 compared to $2.5 million. The CEO commented:

"Wingstop enjoyed a strong quarter characterized by robust top-line growth as well as strong increases in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income. We have had a great start to the year with 73 net franchised restaurant openings. We are on track to deliver our 12th consecutive year of domestic same store sales growth with a 9.0% increase for the quarter. This demonstrates our ability to broaden our consumer appeal while driving repeat business and loyalty from our core demographic of millennials and families. We appreciate our team and franchise partners for their contributions to these outstanding achievements. We believe Wingstop is well positioned to deliver sustainable and profitable growth, and that our brand has a significant expansion opportunity. We believe there is opportunity to grow up to 2,500 domestic restaurants longer-term through development in our existing markets as well as in new markets."

Wingstop Inc has a rather high trailing P/E of 110.88 and a still high forward P/E of 55.44 according to Yahoo! Finance statistics.

Share Performance: Wingstop Inc vs BOJA, PLKI & LOCO

On Friday, small cap Wingstop Inc fell 0.96% to $27.72 (WING has a 52 week trading range of $27.00 to $35.96 a share) for a market cap of $792.27 million plus shares are down 9.4% for retail investors since the IPO. Here is a look at the performance of Wingstop Inc verses the performance of Bojangles Inc, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc and El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc:

As you can see from the above performance charts, small cap chicken restaurant stocks Wingstop Inc, Bojangles Inc and El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc have underperformed while El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc has outperformed but this performance also appears to have plateaued:

Finally, here is a look at the latest technical charts for all four chicken restaurant stocks:

The Bottom Line. While small cap chicken restaurant stock Wingstop Inc may have a delicious product, the stock s valuation and balance sheet don t look so delicious   meaning new investors might want to wait for this highflyer to come back down to earth before getting in on any action. 
2015-01-16
Nomura Names Yahoo, Facebook And Google As Internet's 'Best In Show' In a research note out Friday, Nomura named Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) as the best names in the Internet space. Nomura decreased its price targets on both Yahoo (from $59 to $57) and Google (from $625 to $600). The price target on Facebook was maintained at $90. All of the targets represent at least a 20 percent increase over current prices.

Specifically, Nomura said that investors should buy Yahoo ahead of any corporate action on the January 27 earnings call. The firm sees the potential for Yahoo to spinoff its non-core assets, unlocking shareholder value.

With a PEG ratio less than 1, Nomura sees Facebook s growth continuing and believes its valuation relative to growth is constructive. It mentions that year-over-year spend among Internet marketers would be 48+ percent in Q4.

On Google, Nomura said that its P/E valuation is more attractive than Disney s. Q4 revenue growth will come in at nearly 20 percent year-over-year, leading to an attractive historical valuation around 18 times earnings.

Image credit: Vkire, Wikimedia

Latest Ratings for FB Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Mar 2017 BTIG Research Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Buy Hold View More Analyst Ratings for FB

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: NomuraAnalyst Color Price Target Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 5 Key Digital Realty Conference Takeaways: What Data Center Investors Need To Know Data center REIT pioneer Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: DLR) on January 7 presented at the Citi 2015 Internet, Media & Telecommunications Conference held in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Digital Realty is one of the largest 20 REITs with a market cap of $9.7 billion. The company has a track record of 10 consecutive years of dividend increases and is the only data center REIT with a BBB investment grade rating.

Related Link: A Closer Look At Digital Realty Trust

Digital Realty owns 131 data centers, located in 30 markets, on four continents, totaling 24.5 million square feet. This includes 1.3 million SF under development and another 1.3 million SF held for future development. The company has over 600 different tenants.

CEO and CFO Bill Stein reviewed Digital Realty's initial 2015 guidance and leasing highlights from Q4 and FY 2014, which had been previously released on January 5.

Digital Realty's Banner Year: 2014

While year-over-year performance comparisons may be challenging, Digital Realty is off and running to a great start for 2015.

Strong Post-Conference Performance

The future direction of interest rates and the price of oil are anybody's guess, but the never-ending growth of data is expected to double annually for the next several years.

Related Link: Jefferies Weighs In On Best Data Center REITs For 2015

5 Key Conference Takeaways

1. Sale Of Non-Core Assets. Non-data center assets formerly encumbered by a 10-year CMBS will now be sold to recycle capital. Additionally, between $175 million to $400 million of Digital Realty's legacy North American assets, located in tertiary or underperforming markets, are slated for sale in 2015.

There are currently two facilities totaling $175 million under contract anticipated to close in early Q1 2015. Notably, one vacant facility near Los Angeles, California, is being sold for an industrial use -- underscoring that data centers can be repurposed when the economics make sense.

2. Leveraging 'Intellectual Capital' And Adding To The Team. CEO and CFO Stein has been wearing both of these hats since March 2014. Stein's top priority is to hire a new CFO to free up time to focus on running a large global enterprise.

Additionally, Digital Realty is looking to hire an executive to focus solely on Asia/Pacific, which is currently being handled out of London, along with the European business.

Another critical piece of the puzzle will be to hire a new COO. Stein shared that since Digital Realty already "is heavy on real estate DNA," the goal will be "to up our game on the technology side."

3. Expansion In Europe - Development In North America. The strong U.S. dollar vs. euro, along with attractive financing will make it easier to acquire high-quality assets that will be accretive for existing shareholders, including a current goal of expanding into Frankfurt, Germany.

The majority of a $750 to $900 million development budget will be spent in North America during 2015. It makes sense to sell assets at approximately 6 percent cap rate, when there are new development opportunities in the 10 to 12 percent range.

Related Link: Jefferies Debuts 'Lucky 7' Top REIT Picks For 2015

4. Clarification Of 'Mid-Market' Definition. For Digital Realty, mid-market begins at 50 kW and probably goes up to 300 kW, (with deals under 50 kW likely being referred to channel partners). Exceptions are made for very large enterprise customers.

According to Stein, he uses the terms "mid-market" and "retail colocation" interchangeably.

5. Mega Web Giants - Next Tier. Over the past 10 years, Digital Realty has already gone through the growth curve along with customers such as Yahoo! Inc. and Facebook Inc. The process of starting with a few hundred kW, growing into double-digit MW and then customers moving out to build their own mega-data centers, is quite familiar to Digital.

However, the "next tier," or second group of: social media, mobile, analytics and cloud-focused technology growth companies appear to be more focused on investing money in core business initiatives. More data center alternatives exist today. These companies may take a different approach, than for example Google Inc -- a company that viewed its data centers as strategic facilities, to be owned and operated in-house, according to Stein.

Posted-In: Better Business BureauREIT Asset Sales Management Global Trading Ideas General Real Estate Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-12-18
Japanese PC Users Favor Yahoo Over Google, Nielsen Says Masayoshi Son, chairman and chief executive officer of SoftBank Group, during a news conference in Tokyo in November. Bloomberg News

Japanese computer users still prefer Yahoo over Google, and by a growing margin, according to a recent report.

Yahoo Japan had 38.9 million visitors per month between January and September this year, making it the most popular website for people non-mobile users, Nielsen Co. said this week in its annual report. Google attracted 24.9 million visitors a month. Both websites saw a decline in visitors from last year. Google fell 11%, compared with a 5% drop for Yahoo Japan s.

Although Yahoo Inc. s portal has struggled against Google for years in the U.S., Yahoo Japan was the most visited site in Japan last year and in 2013, according to the survey.

Nielsen asked more than 40,000 people about the websites they visit using laptops or desktop computers at their home or workplaces. FC2, a site which hosts blogs and videos, ranked third with 19.9 million visitors, followed closely by Rakuten, Amazon and Youtube.

Google, however, was the most-visited website from smartphones, the Nielsen survey found. There were 47.4 million monthly users of the search engine during the same period, topping 44.5 million for Yahoo Japan. For the smartphone survey, Nielsen researched 4,000 users and their access logs.

Yahoo Japan started out as a joint venture between the U.S. portal and SoftBank Group Corp. How to Unfollow Facebook Friends Raise your hand if you are legitimately interested in checking out every single entry that every single one of your Facebook friends posts.

Right. Us neither.

Luckily, there are options for cutting down on friend spam in your Facebook news feed. The first, and most obvious, is to outright unfriend those certain post-happy co-workers or old high school classmates   of course, that ll certainly put you at risk of ticking them off. So instead, we suggest you try the more diplomatic course of action: unfollow them.

You can find the options to do so beneath the Following button at the top of a friend s Facebook profile. Mouse over it and select the Unfollow option that appears in the drop-down menu. After you unfollow a friend, their posts will no longer appear in your news feed. Not a one.

And don t worry, he or she won t be notified that you ve unfollowed them.

And that s all you gotta do to eliminate boss selfies (like this one above from mine) from your Facebook news feed.



Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.

 
2015-03-06
Mayer Being Called 'Hot' Recalled as Offending Kleiner's Pao Ellen Pao recalled being on a private jet with male colleagues at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers when an outside entrepreneur proposed recruiting Marissa Mayer for his board because she s  really hot,  according to an investigator the venture capital firm hired to probe how it treated women.

Pao s description of locker room-like banter on a 2011 business trip was covered in a five-hour interview by the investigator, who later concluded her gender-discrimination complaints were unfounded. The investigator recounted the interview for a jury Thursday in a trial over Pao s lawsuit against the Silicon Valley firm.

As Pao told it, she was flying to New York with some of her Kleiner partners and Dan Rosensweig, whose startup Chegg Inc. the firm had invested in. The comment about Mayer, who hadn t yet left Google Inc. to become chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc., was attributed by Pao to Rosensweig in a conversation with the men that also touched on porn stars and Victoria s Secret models, investigator Stephen Hirschfeld said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Pao s case has focused new attention on a startup and investing environment in the U.S. technology capital believed to favor men. She s seeking as much as $16 million in salary and bonuses she says she lost because Kleiner didn t promote her and paid her less than male co-workers. Pao, 45, also alleges the firm retaliated against her, eventually firing her, after she complained that another junior partner pressured her into having an affair in 2006.

Some of Pao s claims about women being marginalized at Kleiner, including being excluded from outings on private jets to ski resorts, left out of important dinners with portfolio company executives and interrupted or ignored at meetings, have been public since she filed her lawsuit in 2012.

Court Testimony

Other accusations have dribbled out in testimony over the last two weeks in state court in San Francisco during questioning by Pao s lawyers of her former colleagues.

Hirschfeld said he interviewed 17 people at the firm, including other women partners, for his investigation. He didn t interview Ajit Nazre, the former Kleiner partner who had the affair with Pao. Hirschfeld wasn t asked on the stand Thursday how he reached his conclusion that the firm didn t discriminate based on gender and he didn t explain why Nazre wasn t interviewed.

Kleiner fired Nazre after Hirschfeld s investigation of a complaint by another female partner, Trae Vassallo, who accused Nazre of making unwanted sexual advances. She alleged that in 2011, he showed up at her hotel room door in a bathrobe and slippers when they were traveling together on business.

Vassallo also questioned Kleiner s commitment to providing a safe workplace for women, according to Hirschfeld s testimony. He said Vassallo told him she had asked Kleiner s then-chief operating officer, Eric Keller, for a copy of the firm s policy barring gender discrimination and retaliation, and Keller told her he couldn t find it.

Negative Comments

In interviews with Kleiner managing partners about Vassallo s complaint, Hirschfeld said, he heard negative comments about Pao, who joined the firm in 2005 as the chief of staff to John Doerr.

Doerr, who in early years had been a supporter of Pao, said she  kind of has a female chip on her shoulder,  Hirschfeld testified. By way of explanation, Doerr recalled how she was proud of a story she wrote for the student newspaper of Princeton University, where she earned a degree in electrical engineering, in which she exposed a faculty member who had dated  coeds,  Hirschfeld said.

 Did he in fact use the word  coeds?   Therese Lawless, a lawyer for Pao, asked, drawing attention to the use of a word seen by some as sexist.

 I think he did,  Hirschfeld answered.

Rosensweig declined to comment on Pao s complaint, according to Usher Lieberman, a spokesman for Chegg.

 This is a trial between Kleiner Perkins and Ellen Pao and it has nothing to do with Chegg so we don t have anything to add,  Lieberman said.

Yahoo Spokeswoman

Sarah Meron, a spokeswoman for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo, declined to comment.

Pao is now interim chief executive officer of Reddit Inc.

Vassallo is a strategic adviser and former general partner at Kleiner, according to the Menlo Park, California-based firm s website.

Nazre, who left Kleiner in 2012 and works in India, said before the trial started that Kleiner has denied Pao s allegations about him and referred questions about the case to the firm. He isn t a defendant in the case.

Christina Lee, a spokeswoman for Kleiner, didn t immediately respond to a phone message seeking comment on Thursday s testimony.

Kleiner contends Pao didn t complain of harassment until she hired a lawyer five years after her consensual affair with Nazre.

The firm denies her treatment was related to her gender. Rather, she lacked leadership skills, didn t like her job, clashed with co-workers and was advised to leave because she performed poorly, Doerr and other Kleiner executives have said in court.

The case is Pao v. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers LLC, CGC-12-520719, California Superior Court (San Francisco). 
2015-04-27
Yahoo Expands Success of Digital Video Content With 18 New Series Riding Shotgun with Michelle Rodriguez: A Yahoo Auto series with actress Michelle Rodriguez jumping behind the wheel and into the driver s seat to put the fastest cars to the test as she gears down and weighs in on their performance. From Executive Producer Michelle Rodriguez and produced by Untitled Matador Content. (Graphic: Business Wire)

A Yahoo Style series featuring fashion icon Naomi Campbell, offering viewers a backstage pass as she spends time with the world s most powerful and influential people. From Executive Producer Naomi Campbell and produced by Untitled Matador Content. (Graphic: Business Wire)

A Yahoo Finance live weekly show that delivers the smartest take on the stories that users really want to know. Editor-in-Chief Andy Serwer will lead a cast of contributors including Birchbox CEO Katia Beauchamp, OZY CEO Carlos Watson, Fusion Senior Editor Felix Salmon and LinkedIn New Economy Editor Caroline Fairchild to discuss the intersection of business, technology and culture. (Graphic: Business Wire)

NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NYSE:YHOO) today announced at its 2015 Digital Content NewFront, 18 new series across Live, Digital Magazines and Original video programming as well as new advertising opportunities. The new series, along with other newly launched programming being highlighted from the Digital Magazine properties and the company s current Live and Original content, make up 55 video series within Yahoo s digital video slate.

The presentation was hosted by Community star Joel McHale and opened with a performance by Grammy  nominated producer/DJ Steve Aoki. Yahoo executives, including Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO, Kathy Savitt, CMO and Head of Media, Lisa Utzschneider, SVP, Sales, Americas, and Lisa Licht, SVP, Marketing Partnerships, presented the new content and advertising opportunities to a packed audience at Lincoln Center s Avery Fisher Hall.

 Over the last year we ve made strategic investments in our three digital content pillars, Yahoo Live, Yahoo Digital Magazines and Yahoo Originals,  said Kathy Savitt, CMO and Head of Media at Yahoo.  We re pleased to be extending those investments into premium video content offerings to guide our users to the best, most relevant content and the world s best storytellers to our global audience. 

 We know that advertisers want to tap into premium video content that connects them with engaged audiences across devices, and they also want to buy video ads programmatically,  said Lisa Utzschneider, SVP, Sales, Americas at Yahoo.  With our new slate of digital video programming and a wide variety of video ad formats and buying options, we re helping advertisers meet business objectives - whether they want to buy a show, buy a channel or buy an audience segment. 

A selection of the new programming includes: Ultimate DJ, a global Electronic Music competition-style live series executive produced by Simon Cowell, Patrick Moxey, Hamish Hamilton, Ian Stewart, and Kelly Belldegrun; a renewed partnership for a second year with Live Nation to live stream concerts with the addition of festivals; The Pursuit, a new scripted original long-form series from Scott Stuber and Beth McCarthy Miller; and multiple new programs from Yahoo s Digital Magazines, including I Am Naomi, starring executive producer Naomi Campbell, and Riding Shotgun with Michelle Rodriguez, starring executive producer Michelle Rodriguez; among others.

Yahoo Live is the Ultimate Digital Destination for Live Music Video and the New Home to Daily Live News, Finance and Entertainment Programming

Yahoo Live launched in July 2014 as the ultimate destination for online live music and events, which included a partnership with Live Nation to stream live concerts throughout the year. Since its origin, live programming on the site has had more than 110 million streams.

Yahoo is expanding live video programming to offer more than ever before. In addition to Ultimate DJ and the continuation of the successful partnership with Live Nation, Yahoo will add the largest music festivals and concerts featuring top artists. Additionally, Yahoo has announced the iHeartRadio Concert Series in partnership with iHeartMedia to broadcast top events. Superfan Live, which will offer after-shows for prime time television fan-favorites, Everybody s Business, a live weekly show on Yahoo Finance and Yahoo News Live with Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric and the Yahoo News team, were also part of the new Live programming announcement.

Yahoo s Digital Magazine Channels Expand Offering with 14 Newly Announced Shows that Include Naomi Campbell, Michelle Rodriguez and Yahoo s Editors

Yahoo Digital Magazines, which launched in 2014, are now made up of 13 Digital Magazines, including No. 1 category leaders Yahoo Style, Yahoo Beauty, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo Travel and Yahoo Parenting.1 The focus for the first year was about launching with great writing, photography and design. This year, Yahoo Digital Magazines are evolving to become full digital video channels. Many of the company s Digital Magazines already feature video series garnering over 1 million views per episode.

Yahoo announced 14 new video series for a total of 47 original series across Yahoo s Digital Magazine Channels. In addition to I Am Naomi and Riding Shotgun, other new series include Thug Kitchen, YourTech, #OneSmallThing, NewsBites, Viewfinder, Made It With, Made Good, MLB Condensed Games and Offensive Interference, along with Superfan Live, Everybody s Business and Yahoo News Live, which were included as part of the company s Live announcement.

Yahoo Announces New Comedy Series  The Pursuit  from Scott Stuber and Beth McCarthy Miller

Yahoo Screen recently launched the sixth season of Community, and series premieres of Sin City Saints and Other Space. Adding to the slate of original long-form programming, Yahoo announced a new comedy series, The Pursuit, from executive producers Scott Stuber and Dylan Clark, and director and executive producer Beth McCarthy Miller. The Pursuit is about what it means to be in your late 20s in 2015 in Manhattan, with an edgier, 21st century take on Friends in the era of social media. The series will follow a group of characters in pursuit of what their generation desires: success, love, material wealth, happiness...or maybe some, all or none of the above.

Yahoo Partners with Millward Brown Digital to Enhance Digital Ad Measurement

Yahoo also announced a new partnership with Millward Brown Digital, a leader in brand and digital measurement, that will provide more scalable brand impact measurement for digital ad campaigns across Yahoo. This offering will enable brand marketers to measure and optimize brand lift metrics for all their campaigns across Yahoo and the brands extensive network.

More information about Yahoo s Digital Content NewFront announcements can be found at yahoo.tumblr.com and https://advertising.yahoo.com/Blog/.

1 Source: March 2015 comScore Multi Platform Custom Category

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). 
2015-12-08
The $8.6 billion Yahoo dilemma facing Japan's second-richest man Masayoshi Son has a $8.6 billion dilemma on his hands.

His SoftBank Group Corp. is the largest shareholder of Yahoo Japan Corp., controls several board seats and wields more power over the country s most profitable website than anyone. That has been possible because Marissa Mayer s Yahoo Inc., the next biggest shareholder with 35.5 percent, has been happy to leave management to the nation s second-richest man.

Now Yahoo is said to be considering asset sales, including possibly disposing of its $8.6 billion stake in the Japanese portal, which may force Son to spend money to maintain his grip on a company he already effectively controls. Those resources could be better used to shore up his struggling Sprint Corp. or other investments without adding to SoftBank s existing $109.4 billion in long-term liabilities.

 SoftBank faces three options: issue debt and buy it itself, hope someone friendly steps in to help or, failing all that, have the stake sold in the open market,  said Masamitsu Ohki, the chief portfolio manager at Fivestar Asset Management Co.  Selling in the open market would be awful. 

With Mayer failing to deliver on a turnaround after three years at the helm, Yahoo s board is considering options to cope with a slump in growth. That includes an earlier plan to spin off its shares in Alibaba or sell other assets, such as its core Internet search and portal business and the Yahoo Japan holdings. No decision was announced after a meeting last week.

Despite controlling more than a third of Yahoo Japan, Mayer s company has mostly kept a hands-off approach. Yahoo leases its brand and technology while letting local management call the shots, a former executive, Susan Decker, said last year.

That s given Son leeway to steer Yahoo Japan closer to SoftBank, including installing President Nikesh Arora as chairman, allowing the companies to share customer information.

SoftBank, which owns 36.4 percent of Yahoo Japan, said in November it plans to strengthen collaboration next fiscal year. The portal made up 22 percent of SoftBank s operating profit in the six months through September.

For Yasuaki Kogure, a hostile new shareholder could challenge that, making Son the most likely candidate to buy the stake should Mayer sell it. Outsiders would require more consensus among shareholders, making management decisions within Yahoo Japan more difficult.

 Having the shares fall in the wrong hands would be the biggest problem, and that s what they want to avoid,  said Kogure, chief investment officer at SBI Asset Management Co., which holds shares in both SoftBank and Yahoo Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Still, if it were that simple,  they would have bought it a long time ago. Yahoo! Inc. has probably approached them about it already in the past. 

Combining stakes the size of SoftBank s and Yahoo s could also trigger a mandatory bid for the rest, a hurdle Son could overcome by diluting the stock via a small offering, said Nicholas Benes, representative director of the Board Director Training Institute of Japan.

Alternatively, if SoftBank has to make an offer, it could do so at a low price. If that s accepted,  SoftBank would be very happy. And even if it has to be delisted as a result, from SoftBank s point of view, the price was still low,  Benes said.

Issuing bonds through Yahoo Japan, which has almost no long-term debt, to fund a stock buyback is possible, as is relying on its $4.5 billion cash pile to cover some of the cost. Still, as a consolidated subsidiary of SoftBank, changes to Yahoo Japan s finances would be accounted for on SoftBank s balance sheet.

Yahoo Japan would  always consider the best options  for buying back its shares, Masaki Hanyu, a Tokyo-based spokesman, said Monday. A SoftBank spokeswoman, Hiroe Kotera, declined to comment.

Despite the potential financial hurdles, Fivestar s Ohki says Son may still go ahead with a purchase because it plays into SoftBank s longer-term ambition of expanding into e-commerce.

In addition to Yahoo Japan, SoftBank is the biggest shareholder in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and spent $1 billion this year for a stake in South Korean online retailer Coupang. The investments are testament to Son s goal of dominating online shopping.

 Son is probably ultimately eyeing the e-commerce business, and Yahoo Japan has pretty good infrastructure for that,  Ohki said.  Everyone is focusing on their debt because that s the hurdle, but if they can manage that impact, then this deal might be very, very important in terms of their e-commerce ambitions.  Should Comcast Buy Yahoo? Should Comcast Corp. (CMCSA) buy Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) for its digital advertising chops?

In a note, Mizuho analysts Neil Doshi and San Phan outlined four reasons why Yahoo could be a good fit for Comcast's business. For starters, they are skeptical about Yahoo's turnaround plans. The Sunnyvale-based company has outlined a number of initiatives to turn its business around in the last couple of years, but none of them have stuck.

Even as Yahoo's business has struggled, Comcast has increasingly made forays into digital properties. The cable company invested in Vox Media and Buzzfeed, notable digital properties that have gained traction with Millennials  in the last couple of years.

Based on Doshi and Phan's projections, Yahoo's digital reach (the company remains a significant player in the digital advertising market and still attracts a number of top advertisers for its web and mobile properties) could provide a significant boost to Comcast's nascent advertising business. This is especially important as other players in the telecom sector have made aggressive forays into digital advertising through acquisitions, such as Verizon's (VZ) acquisition of AOL earlier this year for its advertising software.

Finally, they cite Comcast's debt levels ($48 billion at last count) as a reason for the company to make acquisitions. According to Doshi and Phan, even if the company acquires Yahoo for an amount between $2 billion to $3 billion, it will still maintain a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2x.

Is It a Good Deal?

At first glance, the suggestion seems to be a good one. Yahoo! commanded premium valuations at the turn of this century. However, the emergence of Google (GOOG) and Facebook (FB) has eroded the company's market share in digital advertising. A change in consumption habits has left major media entities scrambling to make changes to their business model. Comcast is a significant player in the cable sweepstakes. But, its investment in the digital landscape has mostly been limited to emerging new media entities.

Although they are a hit with Millennials, Vox Media and Buzzfeed lack Yahoo's heft and reach to attract advertisers across a broad age spectrum. For example, Yahoo's acquisition of Tumblr, a popular blogging platform, provided the company with a readymade Millennial audience.

At the same time, services like Yahoo! News and Yahoo! Finance, which are popular with business and lay audiences, will help attract a different kind of audience for the service. Considering Yahoo! Finance's partnership with CNBC (a media entity owned by Comcast), the relationship could work the other way too. The end result   a diversified melange of sites for advertisers   will boost Comcast's bottom line.

In turn, access to Comcast's cash reserves will take short-term pressure off Yahoo! and help the company make inroads with advertisers. It has already talked about boosting its video ad units. Comcast's recently-launched curated service Watchable could help the company break into original programming (as opposed to recycling old video content) on its channels.

The Drawback

The main problem with the idea is the Yahoo! brand, which has been in terminal decline over the last decade or so. Marissa Mayer attempted to change that perception over the last couple of years by trying to make the company a hip place to work and working to grow its mobile revenue. Even then, it has been continuously battered by the media, declining sales, and the emergence of new competition. Comcast will need to significantly invest in the brand to make the acquisition work.

The Bottom Line

Yahoo is a company in trouble. It's profits have declined and its audiences are migrating elsewhere. Activist investors are clamoring for the company to sell its core business. A company like Comcast, which is interested in increasing its digital presence, would make an excellent buyer for Yahoo!, provided that it can refurbish the Yahoo! brand and make it a name to reckon with again. China's Didi Kuaidi appoints Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang Ride hailing service Didi Kuaidi, Uber Technologies Inc s chief rival in China, said on Tuesday it had appointed Yahoo Inc co-founder and Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd investor Jerry Yang as a board observer and senior adviser.

Yang s new positions at Didi Kuaidi add a new link in the cobweb of relations between the Chinese ride hailing company and its investors, Alibaba and Japan s SoftBank Group Corp.

Yang, Alibaba founder and executive chairman Jack Ma and SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son all sit on the board of Alibaba. SoftBank was also an early investor in both Yahoo and the Chinese e-commerce behemoth, and the three men maintain close ties.

Their  bromance  has now been extended to Didi Kuaidi, the biggest ride hailing rival to US $62 billion start-up Uber.

SoftBank also owns stakes in other ride-hailing services that have forged a global anti-Uber alliance, namely India s Ola and Southeast Asia s GrabTaxi. Didi Kuaidi and Alibaba also own stakes in the US arm of this faction, Lyft. 
2015-10-02
Former Yahoo! Exec Named to Vail Resorts Board of Directors Broomfield, CO   Vail Resorts announced earlier this week that Susan Decker has been appointed to the company s Board of Directors, effective immediately.

Decker, who served as both president and chief financial officer at Yahoo! Inc., currently serves on several boards of directors, including Berkshire Hathaway; Intel Corporation, where she is lead director; and Costco Wholesale. She also serves as an advisor for several venture-backed Internet start-ups and is a trustee of the global non-profit organization, Save the Children.

 We re thrilled to have someone with Sue s strong strategic and financial acumen join our board,  said Rob Katz, chairman and chief executive officer of Vail Resorts.  Sue has an outstanding track record of board service for some of the most respected companies in the world and a keen understanding of what it takes to lead a passion-driven organization through an engaged culture and high expectations. We look forward to having Sue s insight as we chart the future of Vail Resorts. 

During the 2009-2010 academic year, Decker was an entrepreneur-in-residence at Harvard Business School (HBS), where she was involved in case development activities and worked with students. Prior to that, Decker served in several positions for Yahoo! from June 2000 to April 2009. She most recently served as president of Yahoo! from June 2007 to April 2009. Before becoming president, Decker served as the head of one of Yahoo! s two major business units, the advertiser and publisher group, from December 2006 to June 2007. Decker was Yahoo! s chief financial officer and executive vice president of finance and administration from June 2000 to June 2007.

Before joining Yahoo!, Decker was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ) in New York City. Most recently, she served as global director of equity research at DLJ. Prior to assuming these responsibilities, she spent 12 years as an equity research analyst covering media, publishing and advertising stocks. In this capacity, Decker received recognition from Institutional Investor magazine as a top-rated analyst for 10 consecutive years, from 1989-1998.

Decker holds a bachelor s degree from Tufts University, with a double major in computer science and economics, and a master s degree from Harvard Business School. In 2010, she received the Alumni Achievement Award, HBS s highest honor. Decker also was listed among the top 50 Most Powerful Women in Forbes in 2005, 2007 and 2008.

Decker grew up in Denver and is a passionate skier, having served for a season on the junior ski patrol at Winter Park Resort. She currently lives in San Francisco with her fiance and three children.

Share this page: Email

Print

Facebook

Twitter

Google

LinkedIn

Pinterest

Reddit

Tumblr

Pocket



Like this: Like Loading... Good idea or bad idea? Cubs fan wants to send Steve Bartman to wild-card game Hey, Cubs fans. Remember this?

Probably not, eh. So let me quickly refresh your memory. October 14, 2003. Game 6 of the National League Championship Series. Marlins vs. Cubs. The Cubs are leading 3-0 and are five outs away from going to the World Series. Then on a routine-looking fly ball to left some poor fellow named Steve Bartman sitting in the stands reaches for the ball, deflects it, and prevents Moises Alou from catching it. Long story short, the Marlins score eight runs in the inning, win Games 6 and 7, and the Cubs  drought continued.

Anyway, a lot of people in Chicago were pretty mad at that Bartman guy. But it s been 12 years, so time to forgive and forget, right? Time to bring Bartman back into the fold? At least one fan thinks so.

A fan named Keque Escobedo has started a GoFundMe account to raise money to send Bartman to the NL wild-card game against the Pirates next week. Here s his plan:

 Lifelong Cubs fan wants to make amends for 2003, lets make it happen. First we need to find him to get him to the big game. If anyone knows where he is at, tell him we are looking for him. The money would pay for his expenses including his ticket, hotel room, flights and a little spending money. If he cannot be found by time of the big game all the proceeds raised will be donated to the Alzheimer's Association. 

Kind of a nice idea. Or maybe it s all an elaborate ruse to lure him out of hiding to sacrifice him? After all, competitive eater Kobayashi recently ate an entire 40-pound goat to try to break the Curse of the Billy Goat.

But given that, very admirable, last line about donating the money to charity, we think this is a sincere offer.

What do you think, Cubs fans   is it time to forgive and forget and send Bartman to the wild-card game? Or do you want him nowhere near PNC Park/Wrigley Field?

More MLB coverage from Yahoo Sports:

Ian Denomme is an editor and writer for Yahoo Sports. Email him at denomme@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter. 
2015-04-24
What Does the Yahoo-Alibaba Spinoff Mean For Investors? News

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) missed earnings expectations, though it managed to show a year-over-year increase in revenue in the recent quarter earnings call where the management reiterated its plan for the Alibaba spin-off. The huge holding of Yahoo in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) amounted to 384 million shares, or $39.5 billion at the time of the announcement. Activist investors were clamoring to know how Yahoo wishes to use its Alibaba holdings and wanted the company to bring forth a tax efficient way of returning this value to the investors.

Solving the Tax Issues

The biggest road block in simply selling its stake was the huge tax liability it would incur. Its earlier stake sale of Alibaba holdings at the time of Alibaba s IPO in September 2014 reaped a total of $10 billion. However, a total of around 40% was gobbled up by tax leaving less money for the investors. CFO Ken Goldman stated that Yahoo has submitted a request to the Internal Revenue Service for a favorable ruling on the split. Details on the new structure that will hold the Alibaba shares are yet to be revealed.

Yahoo has finally come up with a spin off strategy where 100% of Yahoo s holdings in Alibaba will be transferred to this new company named SpinCo. Yahoo investors will receive one share of the new entity for every share owned in Yahoo. They can then go ahead and sell their shares which will incur much lesser tax liability. This arrangement provides a defined path on how Yahoo will return $32 billion (based on Tuesday's prices) to its investors. Alibaba can also end up buying SpinCo which will basically transfer the Yahoo shares into Alibaba shares without the tax hit, though Alibaba currently has not shown any inclination to buy it up with its own stock.

Till the final spinoff takes place Alibaba and Yahoo stock will chart a similar price pattern due to the overwhelming value made by BABA stock within Yahoo.

Fig: Yahoo stock price by Amigobulls

Yahoo had assured its investors that the firm will come up with a low tax alternative. If Yahoo went ahead with simply selling this stake, it would have taken a hit of $16 billion based on $40 billion of valuation of its stake. The lock-in period for Yahoo s stake in Alibaba was one year from the time of the IPO. That means that this spinoff will take place only in the last quarter of 2015 if there are no hurdles.

It will also spin off Yahoo Small Business, a division which helps small business owners in selling goods online. This division will be attached to SpinCo, so that the newer entity has an operating business which is a must for tax purposes.

Clearing the Way for Investor Profits

This also clears another worry among the investors about the use of the cash. Marissa has followed a high acquisition strategy within Yahoo since she took over the position of CEO. Huge sums of money have been invested in different acquisitions like BrightRoll, Flurry and Tumblr. Although many of these investments will provide good synergy for Yahoo, the actual benefit to the investors will take a couple of years to deliver.

Some of the activists voiced their doubts that Yahoo will use a slice of these returns from Alibaba to power another round of acquisitions. But, now it is clear that the board wants to see maximum value being returned to its investors.

In Yahoo s Q1 earnings transcript, the company s management also re-iterated how it has enhanced value for shareholders by repurchasing $9.4 billion worth of outstanding shares since the time incumbent CEO Marissa Mayer took over the reins. Following the spin-off, Yahoo could potentially have returned as much as $41 billion to shareholders.

Focus on Core Business

This announcement puts the focus back on the core business of Yahoo. Yahoo stock analysis reveals a year over year growth in the company with this quarter being the second in last two years to record a positive YoY uptick. The company has continued to show progress in mobile as well. Mobile revenue accounted for about 20% of the total revenue for Q1, up by 17% from Q4 2014, and a growth of 61% year-over-year. Mobile users now stand at 600 million monthly users.

So is the Spinoff Arrangement Wise?

The spinoff arrangement laid out by the management is a highly effective approach of returning maximum value to the shareholders. However, the current news has been priced in within the stock. Any future upside within the stock will be based on how well its core business is managed and would put all focus on the efficacy of Marissa s strategy of shifting Yahoo to mobile and social platform to generate higher growth.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer 5 Most Visited Websites in the World in 2015 What are the most visited websites in the world in 2015? We used to say internet would change the world one day and right in front of our eyes it has done that. It has brought the answers of all our questions right under our nose. Since businesses have understood that people turn to internet whenever they want to find out something, more importantly when they are looking to spend money on something. Since it has increasingly become a common practice for businesses to have their websites, the web has become home to wonderfully creative ideas and those ideas have become game-changer for those companies.

You can also look at our previous list of the 15 most visited websites in the world   2014. In this list we are on our journey to the five most visited websites in the world in 2015.

While there are websites that have gained popularity in a specific category, there are few that obtain major global web traffic. Our five most visited websites in the world come in a very special category. This category has websites which are very commonly visited by a very large number of intelligent global audience.

When you are on the web, you have got to keep the visitor engaged and provide him with something of value that can bring him to your website again. Our list of five most visited websites is comprised of some websites which have changed the way the global population lives and communicates.

The websites are ordered by Alexa, a market research company owned by Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN).

No. 5. Most Visited Website In the World: Baidu.com

Baidu.com ranks number five on Alexa s ranking. Google s absence in China makes Baidu.com the most popular search engine over there. Apart from that Baidu offers its Chinese visitors a wide range of services that include cloud storage, maps, games; it even has it own encyclopedia. Baidu.com has more than 50% share in the chinese search engine market. The main source of revenue for Baidu.com is its online marketing service. World No. 5 is also No. 1 website in China, the most populated country in the world as well as the fastest growing economy.

No. 4. Most Visited Website In the World: Yahoo!

Number four on our list of the most visited websites is Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). While its share as search engine has dropped significantly over the past few years, Yahoo! Inc. s search engine still holds the position of third largest search engine in the U.S. and it still maintains global presence with India being the second largest country in its audience geography according to Alexa. Besides the general search, Yahoo! Inc. offers its visitors a variety of other stuff too. It has Yahoo Finance that showcases Yahoo! Inc s own original content along with finance and business related content from other sources. Other than that Yahoo! Inc offers a better entertainment portal to its visitors than its counterparts do and it also features a services called Yahoo Answers where users can ask questions and also answer other users  questions. It also allows visitors to give rating to those answers so best answers automatically come on top.

No. 3. Most Visited Website In the World: YouTube

YouTube has just completed its ten years on the web and it is world s most popular video sharing website. YouTube started off as a platform and medium to share your videos with others. You can just upload a video and it will be there for the world to watch. Today YouTube has become top video sharing website for users around the world. While this Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) owned platform has had a dream run in its first ten years, it has an equally powerful rival forming in shape of Facebook which is next on our list. 
2015-10-10
Yahoo Small Business Turns Over Local Listings Management To Yext Following in the footsteps of MapQuest last year, Yahoo Small Business is outsourcing local listings management to Yext. Late last week Yahoo notified customers of the impending change in email:

Yahoo is thrilled to announce that we have partnered with Yext to manage your Local Basic Listing moving forward. Some of the benefits you can expect to see from this partnership include more options to publish your listing across multiple publisher sites and an updated dashboard to manage your listing.

You do not need to do anything at this time. Yext will be making a new dashboard available for you in November and they will notify you by email when your dashboard is available. In order to seamlessly complete the transition of your Local Basic Listing, once your dashboard is ready, you will need to verify your business information and create a new account and password with Yext. If you do not set up your new Yext account within 30 days of notification from Yext, your listing may be changed to an unclaimed status. You can always return at a later date to claim your listing again.

If you have an existing edit to your Local Basic Listing that has not yet been approved by Yahoo, it will be reviewed by Yext and submitted to Yahoo if approved.

If you would like to upgrade to a Yext PowerListings Package and have the ability to immediately begin managing your data on over 50 sites including Yahoo, sign up here: http://www.yext.com/pl/yahoo-claims/index.html. 
2015-05-14
Yahoo Says Head of US Sales Kevin Gentzel Is Leaving Company Yahoo! Inc. s head of advertising sales for North America is leaving the company after less than a year at his post as the Web portal tries to drive revenue growth.

Kevin Gentzel, who joined Yahoo last year, was a vice president, the Sunnyvale, California-based company said in an e-mail. He had formerly worked at the Washington Post.

Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer is trying to drive a turnaround at the company, which has struggled to add users to woo advertisers. Last month, Yahoo said Senior Vice President Mike Kerns is planning to leave amid a management shakeup to focus more attention on emerging businesses.

Gentzel s departure was reported earlier by Digiday. Mysterious Marissa Mayer: 5 Things You Might Not Know About the Yahoo CEO Mysterious Marissa Mayer: 5 Things You Might Not Know About the Yahoo CEO 
2015-06-11
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA): Tracking The Two Stocks Jim Bach: Since the September Alibaba IPO, the Yahoo stock price has moved almost in tandem with the Alibaba stock price.

That s where Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock derives most, if not all, of its value.

Yahoo holds 383.5 million shares in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (NYSE:BABA). Yahoo first took up a stake in Alibaba in 2005 at the urging of founder Jerry Yang. What was once a 40% stake has been strategically sold off in increments since Marissa Mayer stepped in as CEO in 2012.

This has been, in part, to deliver windfall gains to impatient Yahoo shareholders disenchanted by a struggling core business.

That last tranche of Alibaba shares is worth $33.7 billion. That means at a market cap around $39.07 billion, Alibaba accounts for 86.3% of Yahoo s value.

A lot of Yahoo shareholders are in on the stock because they see Mayer giving that money back to shareholders in the form of buybacks when the final sale does happen.

And sure enough, Mayer and the financial wizards at Yahoo led by CFO Ken Goldman announced in January that Yahoo will spin off that stake sometime in the fourth quarter to avoid paying taxes on the sale. Yahoo shareholders will receive additional shares in the new entity once it is spun off.

This is what gives Yahoo its value.

It was the realization of Alibaba s value that helped propel the Yahoo stock price under Mayer more than 200%.

Investors haven t been piling in because they re excited about Mayer s new initiatives with mobile and native advertising. Yahoo is getting killed by Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG, GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB) in online ads. That s partly why Yahoo has seen its ad revenue fall nine of the last 11 quarters.

Instead, investors want another piece of Alibaba. So since the Alibaba IPO, the Yahoo stock price has been sensitive to moves in BABA stock.

But there are signs the Yahoo stock price is losing its value as an Alibaba stock tracker 

How Much Has the Yahoo Stock Price Moved with Alibaba?

The accompanying chart shows how the Alibaba stock price and Yahoo stock price have moved along the same pattern   for better or worse.

YHOO stock should have had more down days   like when the company announced lukewarm earnings every quarter since Mayer stepped in.

But instead it has been days when Alibaba stock has been hurt that have hurt the Yahoo stock price   even when Mayer was doing everything right.

For example, on Jan. 27 this year, Yahoo first announced its Alibaba tax-free spin-off strategy. What should have been good news for the company   and by extension, the Yahoo stock price   was upended by news the next day that the Chinese government leveled harsh accusations against Alibaba s flagship consumer sales portal, Taobao.com (essentially, China s answer to Amazon.com   but bigger). Among them was a charge that vendors were using the website to sell counterfeit goods and cheap knockoffs.

Alibaba stock fell 4.4% on the day, then a further 8.8% the day after when Alibaba earnings missed expectations. This one-two punch sent Alibaba stock down 13.5% in two days. The Yahoo stock price fell 8.3% in that time.

But then as the year continued, the two stock prices have decoupled.

And it s at the worst time for Yahoo 

You see, from the Alibaba IPO in September 2014 to the end of that year, the correlation between Yahoo and Alibaba was 0.94. That s a near-perfect correlation, meaning Yahoo stock price and Alibaba stock price have almost perfectly moved together.

But since then, that has broken down. From the start of 2015 to yesterday s close (Tuesday) the correlation has been 0.79. That s still strong, but it also illustrates a divergence.

Yahoo may very well be losing its value as a tracking stock for Alibaba.

Alibaba has been struggling most of the year. And by May 6, the stock had fallen below $80. It was a 23.5% decline in 2015, and it was off its 2014 highs established in November by 33.2%. But since then, a change in CEO and blowout earnings have helped reverse Alibaba s fortunes. Alibaba stock is up 10% since May 6.

The Yahoo stock price is a different story. It s flat.

What has held Yahoo stock back are rumors that the Internal Revenue Service is mulling over changes to the tax law concerning spin-offs. Investors worry that a change to this tax law could affect the tax-free status of the Alibaba spin-off. That concern has kept a lid on Yahoo gains.

And it raises the question of whether the Alibaba stake is enough to buy Yahoo stock.

 I think the Alibaba value has been fully recognized; I d have a hard time making the case to buy Yahoo at the moment,  Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald said. If you are still in it,  Use your trailing stops, manage it appropriately, ask yourself every week,  are the reasons why I bought this stock still intact.  If they are, hang on, if not, time to go. Move on to better opportunities. 

And remember, there may yet be one final reason to stay in Yahoo.

 My belief is that ultimately, Alibaba buys Yahoo. I think that thing comes full circle,  Fitz-Gerald said. Doing so would help Alibaba grow its global presence, it would,  establish brand,  and get  instant staff, instant technical compliance, instant recognition, and more importantly, instant data. 

Bottom Line: The Yahoo stock price is starting to veer from its role as a tracking stock for Alibaba. That means if you are not in Yahoo right now, you ll want to be cautious about getting in now. If you are in it, you ll want to manage your position carefully. In either case, though, the best thing for the Yahoo stock price would be an Alibaba purchase. Yahoo stock is slowly becoming a speculative play that hinges on this outcome.

Written By Jim Bach From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet.And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Headhunter James Citrin tells millennials how to land jobs and keep them James Citrin is a corporate headhunter at executive search firm Spencer Stuart, where he leads the firm's work in finding chief executive candidates. He recruited Marissa Mayer to Yahoo Inc., for instance.

------------

FOR THE RECORD

June 12, 10 a.m.: An earlier version of this story said James Citrin is a corporate headhunter at the executive search firm Stuart Spencer. The firm is Spencer Stuart.

------------

But another Citrin passion is the struggle of the "millennial" generation   the 82 million people born between 1981 and 2000   to find and keep jobs.

Many millennials were unlucky to come of age when the Great Recession hit in 2008, and they're still dealing with a tough job market despite the economy's recovery. Many also are saddled with college debt.

"Young college graduates' job prospects have deteriorated dramatically since the start of the Great Recession," the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank, said last month.

More than 9 million millennials live in California, more than in any state, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

Citrin, with three children in their 20s, wrote a book called "The Career Playbook" to help millennials   and anyone, for that matter   land jobs and keep them. We asked him to share some advice for job hunters. Here's an excerpt:

It's been suggested that millennials looking for work today have it easier than those who tried during the depths of the recession a few years ago. True?

The class of 2015 is facing the best millennial job market in a decade, and that's great. But it's a two-sided story, because they're competing against people who have been out of work for the last two or four years and who might have experience in the field.

If the new applicants don't have that experience but need a job to get the experience, how do they get around that old paradox?

When a company says you need two years of experience, they don't really mean you need two years of experience. They just want something [in your background] for you get off to a running start on the job.

So you say, 'I've used my summer vacations for the last two years to work on this or that' or 'I started a T-shirt company on campus' or 'I started a Web-based business.' You say I've got all these sets of experiences.

It's having the confidence and conviction and storytelling tools to weave your experiences together in a way to enable the hiring manager to see you can solve their problem.

How do you build that confidence?

Practice interviewing [for a job]. Practice interviewing your story. The more you do it, the better you get.

But in your book you say employers fill most jobs with people they know or to whom they're personally referred, correct?

That's right. It's about making connections and relationships. Just because your parent isn't the CEO of the company or you didn't go to Princeton doesn't mean you can't build relationships to get great job opportunities.

People are more connected than they think. When a hiring manager gets a referral, those referrals typically tend to be referrals of referrals.

Millennials are known for being more Internet-savvy than their predecessors. Does that help make connections?

You are more connected today than ever. There's a huge democratizing force at work with today's social networks, like LinkedIn. The rate and scale at which we can leverage relationships with those networks is greater than ever. I view them as a massive force for good in the job market.

You can plant that seed on the winds and let that go out. Personal recommendations from your network are what power all this.

You maintain that making connections, or networking, is one area where a millennial actually has some control in the job search, right?

Yes. The other thing they have a lot of control over is the attitude by which they go through the process.

Meaning?

If you are positive, if you're bright, if you can have a mind-set of helping others, it's easier to get noticed than people might think.

If millennials are so at ease with technology, why isn't their job search easier in a world where technology seems so prevalent?

There are more possibilities out there for energetic, creative, entrepreneurial people than ever. But their career paths are much less defined than before. Whether it's consolidation, globalization, competition or new technologies, companies aren't creating the career lanes   starting with general training programs   they had 20 years ago, or even 10 years ago.

It's much harder to get that first job because there are fewer structured programs in place.

Tech skills obviously are in demand. But what if you studied English or other liberal arts?

It's incumbent on liberal arts students, or those who aren't technically trained, to do two things: First, develop the skills where you add value and leadership such as problem solving, communicating, analytical skills.

Then a person should study some of the disciplines [related to] where the world is going. Years ago it might have been mathematics or chemical engineering or a foreign language. Today it might be [computer] coding or a part of the healthcare system.

You can still be an art history major and balance that with at least one or two courses in these other disciplines. A lot of hiring managers love traditional liberal arts, but they need that little hook to hire you.

james.peltz@latimes.com 
2015-11-10
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Is Worse Under Mayer, Consultants Arrive Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is worse off since Marissa Mayer took over. Data seems to suggest so. The internet pioneer s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the past 12 months stood at $642 million. That s more than 50 percent below the $1.42 billion recorded during the 12-month period through June 2012 before Mayer took charge as CEO.

Some investors may think the comparison is hardly fair given Yahoo s increased spending under Mayer. But three years have passed since then. And those investments should have started performing by now.

Eric Jackson, managing director at New York-based Ader Investment Management, said that if the Yahoo Japan and Alibaba stakes are  stripped away,  the value of  the part of Yahoo Mayer has control over, is, essentially, zero. 

Yahoo turnaround yet to take off

Kara Swisher s latest Re/code story accentuates the fact that Marissa Mayer s efforts to turn around Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) have failed miserably.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Swisher wrote on Monday that Yahoo has hired McKinsey to help Mayer and her team decide which units need increased focus, and which need to be closed or sold.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

 It s a bad sign that almost four years into a turnaround, you are hiring McKinsey to advise you on how to do a turnaround,  Jackson noted.

He goes on to add that hiring a consultant doesn t inspire much confidence among investors.  Typically consultants are hired by many companies as a way of passing the buck to someone else if things don t work out. 

Marissa Mayer s skills in question

The other telling disclosure in the Re/code story raised some serious questions about Marissa Mayer s people skills. Mayer is reported to have asked several top Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) executives to commit their future to the firm for at least the next three years.

The timing of the revelation could not have been worse. Less than a month has passed since Yahoo reported quarterly numbers. During the earnings call, Mayer had painted a picture of someone who was in cruise control.  The design and changes in Yahoo s leadership team are the result of careful planning,  she had commented then. Was she misleading investors?

 If your boss comes to you and asks that, what are you going to say? No? People are going to be compelled to say  yes  whether they want to say or not,  Jackson said.

 All in all, it suggests a CEO who doesn t know what the strategic vision is that she is following, and that she doesn t have the support of the senior team around her. 

Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) closed Monday at $33.68. The stock is down close to 40 percent year-to-date. Former Yahoo! VP Kenneth Fuchs Named CEO at STATS LLC Former Yahoo! VP Kenneth Fuchs Named CEO at STATS LLC

Sports technology and data analytics provider STATS LLC made a big splash on Tuesday, naming Kenneth Fuchs as its new Chief Executive Officer. Fuchs was previously Global Vice President at Yahoo! Inc., which included overseeing Yahoo Sports.

Fuchs takes the helm at STATS from outgoing CEO Gary Walrath, who led STATS for 12 years.

 For 34 years STATS has been a pioneer in sports technology, data and content,  said Fuchs.  As technology and innovation continue to transform the experience of sports fans around the world at an ever increasing pace I am thrilled to join the STATS team and build upon STATS  legacy of leadership as we enter this next chapter. 

At Yahoo!, Fuchs served in various product and media leadership roles including oversight of Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Entertainment and strategic partnerships. His background in sports technology and digital media management is rather robust and under his watch Yahoo Sports  fantasy sports platforms were among the industry standards. That s naturally a good fit for STATS which develops a lot of its content around fantasy sports and analytics.

 We are excited to have Ken join STATS at this key juncture in its transformation,  said Martin Taylor, Operating Principal at Vista Equity Partners.  His proven track record negotiating industry-defining content partnerships, delivering successful new product experiences, and focusing on global digital media will ensure STATS is well positioned to deliver future-focused returns on its recent investments. 

Since Vista acquired STATS in mid-2014, STATS has made five strategic acquisitions including BSports, The Sports Network, TVTI, Automated Insights and Prozone.

 Gary has done an excellent job of leading STATS through an aggressive acquisition strategy over the past 12 months,  said Christian Sowul, Principal at Vista Equity Partners.  We want to thank Gary for building STATS into the global leader in sports information over the last 12 years.   The 25 American Companies Burning the Most Cash Reporting by Ben Taylor, GRAPHIQ.

As most well-off individuals know, wealth and cash can be two very different things. Even if you ve amassed millions in net worth, much of that money could be inaccessible in the short term, split between long-term investments and ongoing expenses. On paper, you re rich. But that house in the Hamptons will have to wait.

The same is true for companies. America s biggest corporations boast annual net incomes in the billions, but these numbers can be misleading. Yes, net income still serves as a good start   a simple measure of income minus expenses and taxes   but it tells you less about how much cash companies can actually spend today. Net income is often tied up in capital expenses, like trucks and factories, materials and machinery, leaving little free-up money left over. On its own, net income simply isn t the best representation of readily available funds.

A better metric is  free cash flow.  Free cash flow takes operating cash flow (i.e. available money) and subtracts capital expenditures (i.e. ongoing or future expenses like trucks and factories). Companies with highly positive free cash flow can invest these extra funds whenever they like, developing new products, acquiring other companies, paying off debt or awarding dividends to investors.

On the opposite side are companies with negative free cash flow. These firms have not only used all their free cash, but have spent far more than they actually have. FindTheCompany partnered with Quandl and Zacks Investment Research to find the 25 American companies currently bleeding the most cash. To rank the list, we charted free cash flow in Q2 2015.

Notably missing from this list: banks and other financial firms. Because these companies hold and invest billions as part of their core business, the financials simply aren t comparable. In fact, it s common practice to throw out these companies when comparing free cash flow, as we ve done here.

Predictably, the list is filled with capital-intensive oil and energy companies. Firms like Anadarko Petroleum and Chevron must lay out billions for oil drillers, transportation vehicles and other pricey machinery. Expenses for even the most obscure or supplemental components will often run in the hundreds of thousands. Consider that commercial-grade dump truck tires can cost half a million alone, and must be replaced once every six months, according to project managers in the industry.

Combine these expenses with the falling price of oil   as low as it s been since 2009   and it s no surprise that Occidental Petroleum, Marathon Oil and ConocoPhillips make up another three of the top 10. Each company must spend billions to keep operations running, even as consumers are paying less at the pump.

Next to the oil companies, Yahoo and Amazon stand out, two corporate giants from the world of tech. Traditionally, big tech companies do not see negative free cash flow, as their expenses are relatively predictable and constant. When your biggest expense is employee salaries, costs tend to grow in harmony with profits, as tech firms reinvest what they make in human capital. Compared to oil companies, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are far less likely to pour free cash into a one-time investment in new equipment or machinery.

Yahoo and Amazon are exceptions. The online publishing industry remains a quagmire for publishers and online newspapers, and Yahoo has turned to paid traffic acquisition, spending millions to acquire new visits. The company hopes the strategy will pay off in the form of long-term, loyal readers.

Meanwhile, Amazon (famously) reinvests every dime into its business, building more warehouses, lowering prices and improving delivery times. Amazon investors might wish the company would be more generous with dividends, but CEO Jeff Bezos has maintained his reinvest mindset for over a decade.

It s important to note that the companies on this list aren t necessarily in bad shape. Highly negative free cash flow doesn t spell doom like a plummeting share price or consistently negative net income. But it does speak to financial flexibility. When a company has hugely positive free cash flow (see: Apple Inc.), it can choose to invest in whatever it wants, and as soon as it wants to. Apple can buy Beats, pay shareholders and research new product markets, all without disrupting core operations. Chevron, meanwhile, would have to make difficult choices about operational cuts and debt financing just to invest in new technology.

So next time you roll your eyes at the tens of thousands locked up in your retirement account, look on the corporate side. There are dozens of Fortune 500 companies that know exactly how you feel. Tumblr Update Opens Messaging To Only 1500 Users For Viral Test It took only eight years. Finally, Tumblr allows for messaging between users of the blogging and social networking site.

With an update Tuesday, Tumblr users can send and view messages in real time with others on the network. Previously, Yahoo-owned Tumblr had only a service called Fan Mail, introduced in 2012, that let users send messages to accounts that they followed but did not include typical online communication features like threading conversations.

Real-time messaging was reportedly the  most requested user feature,  according to Tumblr. But the company took its time introducing it. Only recently did Tumblr begin to prioritize mobile, with the release of its own iOS app in 2012. Yahoo Inc., which acquired the company for $1.1 billion in 2013, has also given greater emphasis to the social network. In August, Yahoo hosted a developers conference where executives touted Tumblr as a lucrative network for publishers -- on a par with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Photo: Kerry Flynn/International Business Times

In its announcement, Tumblr made sure to clarify the differences between real-time messaging on its site versus messaging apps like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat, all of which offer and have prioritized private, one-to-one messaging systems. For example, Facebook has built Messenger into a platform for third-party developers, and Twitter expanded direct messaging beyond the 140-character limit.

Messaging is a thing a viral thing. If you have it, pass it on so others can message, too. https://t.co/YBQ2rlBzqu pic.twitter.com/zhftKttSQN   Tumblr (@tumblr) November 10, 2015

One reason on the delay, said Tumblr CEO David Karp, was that he wasn t looking to build Tumblr into a social network.  The last thing I ever expected to be or look like was a social network,  Karp told Wired.  We re not trying to take on Facebook through Tumblr messaging. 

Messaging on Tumblr differs from other networks in that users can share only text and links to Tumblr posts, and the system only supports one-to-one messaging and not group chats.

The change now allows Tumblr users to message and receive replies from any blog and view conversation threads. Users cannot access private or group blogs. Accounts can also choose to block messages. It is not automatically set.

 Though if you re feeling bashful, you can toggle the switch in your blog s settings on the Web to only receive messages from Tumblrs that you follow,  Tumblr wrote in the support page of the site.

The discrepancy on blocking caused some Tumblr users to be wary of potential harassment via one-to-one messaging on the site.

tumblr now has an instant messaging system and they didn't mention it having a block feature or any way to report harassment   fi and puppycat (@fingerback) November 10, 2015

I'm worried about the increase in harassment over im since tumblr yet does not have a decent blocking system      @ rock bottom (@Iaketoya) November 10, 2015

welp we got instant messaging on tumblr yet another thing to block you-know-who on   Syrup (@shiroamai) November 10, 2015

In true fashion for Tumblr -- the home of many viral sensations like  Texts From Hillary  and  If They Gunned Me Down, Which Picture Would They Use  -- the update is being rolled out through a  viral launch,  the company said.

Only 1,500 of Tumblr s 500 million-plus monthly active users were given access to the messaging feature on Wednesday. A user with the feature can give someone else access by messaging them.

 This is a big launch, and it s going to take a few weeks to get it out to everyone (we need to make sure our servers can handle the weight of your discourse). If you don t have it now, you ll have it soon,  Tumblr wrote in a blog post on the update.

The company predicted that the feature will be out to all users by early December. 
2015-07-18
Yahoo and Beme take on Snapchat with video sharing apps The video clip you upload will stay long enough for friends to be able to send you reaction selfies, after which, it vanishes completely. Neistat told The New York Times that his team designed the app to be as simple as possible (it doesn't have a lot of features), because they "want you to feel like you're taking a peek under the hood." Yahoo's new messaging app called Livetext, however, is a bit more conventional than Beme, though it still works quite differently than similar programs.

On Livetext, conversation begins when you send a text message to a friend. The moment that friend opens your message, you'd immediately see him/her and whatever's in view of the camera in a silent, GIF-like video. The company has been working on a revamp of its messaging app for quite some time, but it's unclear if this is the product of those efforts. TechCrunch has merely spotted Livetext on iTunes Hong Kong -- it's been there for a week now, released with no fanfare or even a formal announcement. 
2015-02-18
Ranking Comcast's Recent Customer Service Debacles in Terms of Awfulness During a panel discussion at the Consumer Electronics Show in January, an apparently sober Comcast Cable CEO Neil Smit promised everyone in attendance that  customer service will soon be one of our best products. 

Incredibly, the  our  in that sentence referred to Comcast, the company Smit works for, which is currently as talented at customer service as the New York Knicks are at basketball.

Actually, I love Smit s bravado: I commit myself to unrealistic New Year s resolutions, too! Comcast turning around its customer service seems about as realistic as my going to the gym five days a week in 2015. And just as I am 5 pounds heavier than I was on Jan. 1, Comcast s customer service has also morphed into something more monstrous and hostile than it was at the beginning of the year.

It s only February, but Comcast has already racked up a year s worth of customer relations disasters. It has mailed bills addressed to  Asshole Brown  and  Super Bitch,  neither of which were the customers  Christian names; it cashed a rent check that a 79-year-old woman accidentally sent them, and then wouldn t return it to her; and it was convinced to schedule service for a desperate pair of customers only after a local reporter pestered a Comcast executive s mother on the telephone.

Indeed, these are all very bad customer service incidents. But what is Comcast s worst customer service incident? What is the creme de la crap, the most Comcastic Comcastrophe of them all?

Below, I ve ranked Comcast s recent horror stories, from merely inept to maybe-this-corporation-should-be-liquidated. Enjoy the schadenfreude while you can: Soon, I hear, customer service will be Comcast s strength. Until then:

8. Comcast Pulls Customer s Credit Report Even After He Paid Them $50 Specifically Not to

A relatively minor incident, though instructive: A man signs up for Comcast service. There is an option to pay $50 so that Comcast will not check his credit report. The man pays Comcast $50 to not check his credit report. Comcast takes the man s $50 and checks the credit report anyway.

This is not a big thing. It s irritating, and unfair, but not enraging or capital-E Evil. But it is a symptom of a larger disease. You can imagine a high school bully, who says  Give me your lunch money or I ll punch you in the face,  and then you give him your lunch money and he wallops you. This is the level of interpersonal relations we re delving into.

Indeed: If you are willing to take $50 and then do the exact opposite of the thing you are being paid to do, what else are you willing to do a few extra bucks?

7. Comcast Tries to Charge Man $3,000 for Moving to Area Where Comcast Is Not Offered

Here is the answer to the previous question.

Adrian Fraim signed up for a three-year contract with Comcast and had no complaints with his service. When he moved for work, he tried to take his Comcast with him. Alas, Comcast service wasn t offered in the city he moved to; there was no way he could have continued to use Comcast as his Internet provider. When he tried to cancel his service, Comcast hit him with a $2,789 early termination fee. And it probably would have made him pay it, too, if a local news reporter hadn t gotten involved and shamed them into acting like a decent company.



The charge was revoked, and Fraim ended up not having to pay almost $3,000 for service that Comcast was technologically unable to provide. A Comcast representative urged customers to read their Terms & Conditions before signing contracts. You would hope that a corporation wouldn t ram contract terms and legalese down your throat in the face of a logical, human argument. And yet here we are, with a man who nearly had to shell out three thousand dollars for non-existent Comcast service.

6. Comcast Only Schedules Service After Local Reporter Calls Comcast CEO s Mom

A Philadelphia couple signed up for Internet and phone service in their new home. Due to a series of  broken appointments  by Comcast, they were still without any service a full six weeks later, made worse by the fact that they lived in a  Comcast-only  building. Exasperated, the couple contacted a reporter at the Philadelphia Daily News, who in turn contacted the mother of the CEO of Comcast.

Read More Googlifier Adds Googly Eyes to All Photos on the Internet and It's Amazing ... Have you ever visited a website and thought,  Yeah, this is good, but what if all of the photos on the page had googly eyes on them? 

This is the concept of the Googlifier, a new Chrome extension that lets you add googly eyes to a webpage s photographs with the click of a button.

It s an amazing concept and immediately makes literally every website in the world better. Visit any page, tap the Googly Eyes button in your Extensions bar, and wait for your screen to be Googlified.

Look what it did to the Daily Mail s lead story, for example:

This is already a much more compelling splash, I think we can all agree!

Now, adding Googly Eyes to photographs is fun. But what makes Googlifier even more tremendous, in practice, is how inaccurate it is. You can see this above, in the random little eyeballs popping out of Beyonce s neck. This happens all the time.



And frankly, it s fantastic. And I can t. Stop. Laughing. At Googlifed photos.

Read More Yahoo Finance hires new editor By Matt O'Brien / February 18, 2015 at 10:03 AM

Yahoo has hired a former Fortune editor, Andy Serwer, to be editor-in-chief of Yahoo Finance.

The hiring was announced in a blog post Wednesday by Kathy Savitt, the Sunnyvale-based company s chief marketing officer and head of media.

 I am over-the-moon thrilled to be coming to Yahoo and moving full bore into the digital world,  Serwer said in his own blog post Wednesday.

Time Inc. dismissed Serwer as Fortune s top editor last summer after eight years on the job and a total of 29 years with Time.

At Yahoo, Serwer replaces Aaron Task, who spent about seven years editing Yahoo s business and investing news service. Savitt said Task will now focus on expanding Yahoo Finance s video programming.

Above: Andy Serwer is Yahoo Finance s new editor-in-chief. (Photo from Yahoo)

Share this: Email

Twitter

Facebook

LinkedIn

Reddit

Google

More

Pinterest

Tumblr





Tags: Yahoo 
2015-10-27
Friendable, Inc. Officially Goes Effective Under Stock Symbol FDBL CAMPBELL, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 27, 2015) - Friendable, Inc. ( OTC PINK : FDBL ) (the "Company") is pleased to announce that the Company has officially completed its name change from iHookup Social, Inc. to Friendable, Inc. and is now actively trading under its new symbol "FDBL."

The Company now intends to implement a strategic growth plan that will initiate a multi-faceted approach towards marketing the company in order to educate the consumer, increase its brand awareness and focus on the continued growth of its 600,000+ user base on a national and international level.

As previously reported, Friendable, Inc. has recently seen a 93% surge in female registrations over the last 30 days, validating to the Company that the Friendable brand is more inclusive than the former moniker. Friendable intends to cultivate this growth and expand its user base as consumers are made aware of the array of services and benefits for Friendable users. The Company plans to release a new version of the app in the coming weeks with a suite of new Friendable services.

"We are elated to move ahead with our transformation from iHookup Social to Friendable," stated Robert Rositano, Jr., CEO, Friendable, Inc. "This name and symbol change will now allow us to focus on a strategic marketing program that is designed to make Friendable a well-known social media app that can identify with virtually anyone looking to expand their social reach and various social circles, on a hyper-localized basis."

For more information about Friendable, Inc. please visit:

http://friendable.com/

About Friendable:

Friendable recognizes that "Everything starts with Friendship" and the way to make connections and meet new people continues to evolve through new technologies and devices that make it all possible. Today just about everyone is on the move and interacting online with their mobile devices, creating dynamic opportunities to find and explore new experiences with location specific accuracy.

Friendable provides its vast mobile community of users with the freedom to meet new people, hang out with current friends, explore exciting venues and interact in social activities based around shared interests and location, transforming mobile interactions into a real-life social experiences. Friendable bridges our mobile community of users with the meeting of new friends, building relationships and connecting them with local venues or events tied to their interests, which presents newfound ways for them to interact and hang out.

Meeting new people and making connections has grown, where the modern meaning of "being social" or "meeting up" now includes opportunities to meet through mobile apps. The result of these interactions produces hyper-local advertising opportunities, allowing Friendable to act as both a friend finder and concierge using nearby locations to identify activities, events and businesses that may provide the entertainment they are seeking.

Making friends through a mobile app allows people of various backgrounds to connect through common interests and engage in fresh experiences while cultivating deep relationships. Meet people where you want, when you want, and show the world that you're Friendable -- Everything starts with friendship!

Join Friendable today and let someone know what you're "Friendable" for!

All shareholders should be advised that certain online stock quote sources might not immediately report the new name and ticker effectively. Regardless, the Company is expected to trade as usual.

Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements. The words or phrases "would be," "will allow," "intends to," "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," or similar expressions are intended to identify "forward-looking statements." Actual results could differ materially from those projected by Friendable, Inc. The iTunes rankings should not be construed as an indication in any way whatsoever of the future value of the Friendable's common stock or its present or future financial condition. The public filings of Friendable, Inc. made with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be accessed at the SEC's Edgar system at www.sec.gov. Statements made herein are as of the date of this press release and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Friendable, Inc. cautions readers not to place reliance on such statements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, Friendable, Inc. does not undertake, and Friendable, Inc. specifically disclaims any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect occurrences, developments, unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statement. Yahoo! names Bob Lord new CISO Yahoo! (YHOO) announced Monday that Bob Lord has joined the Internet company as CISO.

A 20-year information security veteran, Lord was most recently CISO-in-Residence at Rapid 7. Prior to that, Lord led Twitter s information security program and held positions in product and information security at companies like Red Hat, AOL, and Netscape.

This position at Yahoo! has seen a lot of churn in the past 6 months, writes ZDNet's Natalie Gagliordi. "In June, Alex Stamos left his gig as Yahoo CISO to become the CSO of social networking giant Facebook. Shortly after Stamos' departure, the CISO role was filled by Ramses Martinez -- only to have Martinez quietly abandon the position in August to join Apple's information security team."

In his new role, Lord will lead Yahoo s security team -- known as the Paranoids -- in offensive and defensive protection of the company s more than one billion users around the world, and for Yahoo s employees globally. Did Yahoo score a touchdown with the NFL stream? All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.

Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.

ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc.

Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.

S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.

Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Why Yahoo's Foray Into Original TV Series Failed Yahoo has flunked out of Greendale Community College. Its failure to forge a business from the revival of Dan Harmon s cult comedy  Community  and two other scripted series is emblematic of the once-mighty Internet company s muddled biz strategy overall.

The botched run at programming at primetime-level costs, which was supposed to draw on marketers  TV budgets to reach Yahoo s billion-user global base, is another black eye for CEO Marissa Mayer. While most investors aren t clamoring for her head yet, the clock is ticking for Yahoo to prove its ability to grow profitably.

Mayer and chief marketing officer Kathy Savitt   the lieutenant who oversaw Yahoo s content efforts until quitting last month to join independent studio STX Entertainment   had ballyhooed  Community  as anchoring a bold new premium-content strategy to round out its live and short-form video pillars.

But viewers, and the ad bucks to support the shows, weren t materializing at the pace Yahoo had hoped, especially considering the seven-year horizon laid out to recoup the cost of the productions. On its third-quarter earnings call last week, the company revealed that it took a $42 million write-down on  Community,  basketball comedy  Sin City Saints  and  Other Space,  a sci-fi spoof from Paul Feig.

 We thought long and hard about it, and what we concluded is   we couldn t see a way to make money over time,  chief financial officer Ken Goldman told analysts concerning the three series.

With Yahoo s change in strategy, it has dropped plans for twentysomething comedy  The Pursuit,  from exec producers Scott Stuber and Dylan Clark, and director-exec producer Beth McCarthy Miller.

Yahoo isn t officially calling it quits on big-budget originals. But  we are taking a pause on long-form scripted content,  said Lisa Utzschneider, Yahoo s chief revenue officer, adding that the company has no plans to order additional content for  Community,  produced by Sony Pictures TV.

Yahoo didn t spend much to market the shows, largely counting on  Community  fans to rally after NBC axed the sitcom. Meanwhile, Yahoo fronted a relatively small lineup amid an intensely crowded market for high-caliber TV content, and it simply doesn t have a brand people associate with lean-back entertainment.  TV is not their core competency,  said John Blackledge, senior Internet analyst at Cowen & Co.  They don t have the budget to go after the best content against Netflix, Amazon, Hulu or the networks. 

Ultimately, Yahoo didn t have the time   or the willingness to make long-term investments   reach the scale to make ad-supported TV shows work, lacking subscription revenue or pay-TV fees the traditional ecosystem relies on. The dilemma is that if Yahoo had acquired additional shows, the endeavor might have been an even costlier debacle.

 On the one hand, Yahoo s been the only digital-first media company to meaningfully pursue television (advertising) dollars,  said Brian Wieser, senior analyst at Pivotal Research Group.  But the reason nobody else has done it is because the economics are terrible. 

If Yahoo s entertainment woes invoke a sense of deja vu, that s because this isn t its first failure in that arena; when former Warner Bros. CEO Terry Semel ran the company 10 years ago, ambitions to be more like TV were similarly thwarted.

And Yahoo appears to have had another money-losing fumble on its hands with the free livestream of the NFL s Oct. 25 Bills-Jaguars game from London. Yahoo reportedly paid the NFL at least $15 million for streaming rights, and the companies claim to have garnered 15.2 million unique viewers worldwide.

But exactly how long those users watched the game on average was unclear, given that Yahoo auto-played the livestream on several destinations. Factoring in production and streaming costs,  There was no way for them to make back  the investment, said streaming-industry expert Dan Rayburn.

The $42 million charge for the three shows contributed to another disappointing quarter for Yahoo. It reported Q3 revenue of $1.23 billion and adjusted earnings per share of 15 , vs. Wall Street expectations of $1.26 billion in sales and EPS of 17 .

Worse, the company cut its fourth-quarter revenue forecast to between $1.16 billion and $1.2 billion, compared with average analyst expectations of $1.33 billion.

 The core business is decaying faster than they think,  Blackledge said.

The poor results and outlook led Mayer to promise that the company will focus on fewer products in 2016. Compounding her headaches, Yahoo has seen several recent high-level exec departures. In addition to Savitt s exit, last week Jackie Reses, formerly Yahoo s chief development officer, left to run the business-financing group of Jack Dorsey s Square, while product senior VP Mike Kerns joined Chernin Group.

The departure of Savitt may have helped prompt Mayer, in triage mode with Yahoo s larger financial woes and still struggling to prove the value of its $1.1 billion acquisition of Tumblr, to pull the plug on the scripted-originals strategy. Yahoo now has put Martha Nelson, previously a longtime Time Inc. senior editorial executive, in charge of its overall media strategy, including video.

There s urgency for Mayer to demonstrate a clear and credible path forward. Yahoo s spinoff of the remaining 15% stake it owns in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group, previously expected to close in Q4, may be delayed until January.

Once that happens, investors will fully focus on Yahoo s business metrics, and the strategy (or lack thereof) to fix them.

It s unclear just how the fast-growing digital video space will figure in to Yahoo s business going forward.  We ll continue to invest in short-form video content, which is strategic for us,  Utzschneider said. Yahoo earlier had hinted it might pick up another season of  Community ; sources said Sony TV still has a film adaptation in play.

 They were sort of dabbling in long-form originals,  said VideoNuze analyst Will Richmond of Yahoo.  They re dabbling in news with Katie Couric, and dabbling in sports with the NFL game. But it s hard to do any one of those things well unless you re all-in.  
2015-08-04
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Confirms Mayer's Heavy Spending Habit Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) posted its second quarter (Q2 2015) results a little over two weeks ago and the firm s finances suggest that it is a relic of an era long gone. The firm posted a less than stellar quarterly result.

Yahoo posted earnings of $0.16 per share on revenue of $1.03B below the estimate of EPS of $0.18 per share on revenue of $1.04B. Yahoo did record an increase in its revenue but the expense side of the balance sheet has practically erased those revenue gains.

CEO Marissa Mayer in the earnings call confirmed Yahoo s deep spending habits. She said the firm is  investing heavily to grow market share through traffic acquisition.  Another news of that heavy-spending habit is now making the headlines. Bloomberg reports that Yahoo has paid about $240M to acquire the social commerce startup, Polyvore Inc.

Polyvore is simply a visual search engine for fashion trends, clothing and outfits. Polyvore is similar to Pinterest in that users generate the content (fashion niche) by arranging pictures of clothing by outfits and combinations.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Details of the Yahoo   Polyvore deal

Three former Yahoo employees founded Polyvore. The startup s CEO, Jess Lee had worked under Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) CEO, Marissa Mayer when they were both at Google. The specifics of the deal though not official, have it that Yahoo paid $200M to acquire Polyvore. Yahoo will also pay an extra $40m in employee retention costs to Polyvore workers who choose to stay on board for a fixed period.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Polyvore will be fused into Yahoo s family in what will be a two-way plan. Yahoo will bring Polyvore into its mobile ads network and Polyvore will see an increase in traffic from assets such as Yahoo Style and Yahoo Beauty.

The real cost of growth



CEO Marissa Mayer, in her Tumblr blog provided some insights into why she bought Polyvore. In her words,  the combination of Yahoo s exclusive, premium content with Polyvore s expertise on community-driven experiences and retailer-supported commerce has amazing potential . She further said,  the acquisition will accelerate digital content growth strategy across the areas of social, mobile and native. 

Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) was been left behind in the online and mobile ad business when Google and Facebook took over the market. Miss Mayer has been working hard to infuse life into the firm with a number of moves.

Nonetheless, it seems that Yahoo s only solution for growth is to buy it. The firm bought Tumblr for about $1.1B. In fact, the firm spent more than $900M on  acquihires  that include Flurry and BrightRoll last year.

It remains to be seen whether those expenses will help Yahoo regain lost ground in the grand scheme of things. However, it is certain that its expense side of the balance sheet will be bigger in the third quarter as the firm continues to invest heavily in growing market share. Data Theorem and Yahoo Improve Security of Mobile App Communications with New ... LAS VEGAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(Black Hat Conference)   Data Theorem, the leading provider in mobile app security, and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), are unveiling a new, open source security toolkit that helps developers easily include complex mobile security functionality, known as SSL pinning, on any app.

Researchers from Data Theorem and Yahoo will be presenting the findings in a session titled  TRUSTKIT: CODE INJECTION ON IOS 8 FOR THE GREATER GOOD , on Thursday, August 6th at 9:00am at the Black Hat briefings. The presentation will review how the toolkit works, as well as how Yahoo! leveraged it to implement SSL pinning for Yahoo s mobile apps.

SSL pinning is a step developers can take to ensure eavesdropping cannot occur on data connections on their mobile apps, by making sure the client checks the server s certificate against a known copy of that certificate. While the concept is well known, it has traditionally been difficult and time-consuming to implement.

 SSL pinning often goes overlooked when developers are designing mobile apps for scale, but it is crucially important to the security and privacy of communications on billions of mobile devices,  said Himanshu Dwivedi, CEO of Data Theorem.  With this new, open source toolkit, we are making it simple to significantly upgrade the security and privacy of every mobile app, and all of its communications. 

With the release of iOS 8, Apple relaxed rules regarding how code can be packaged within an iOS App. Previously, all code had to be statically linked into the apps binary. Apple is now allowing third-party frameworks and libraries to be embedded in an apps package and dynamically loaded at runtime as needed. This provides new opportunities to mobile and security engineers to improve the security of apps during development. Developers can now take advantage of this functionality, and utilize a new open-source library that leverages these mechanisms.

TrustKit provides  drag and drop  SSL public key pinning and can be deployed within an app in a matter of minutes, without having to modify the app s source code.

TrustKit s key features include:

Easy to use SSL pinning: TrustKit can be deployed in minutes in any iOS or OS X App, without even modifying the app s source code.

API-independent pinning by directly hooking into Apple s SecureTransport. TrustKit works on NSURLSession, UIWebView, NSStream, AFNetworking, etc. all the way down to BSD sockets. All your app s connections are protected.

Mechanism to report pinning failures, which allows apps to send reports when an unexpected certificate chain is detected, similarly to the report-uri directive described in the HTTP Public Key Pinning specification.

For more information visit www.datatheorem.com. The toolkit will be hosted on GitHub, available immediately after the Black Hat presentation at http://datatheorem.github.io/TrustKit/.

About Data Theorem:

Data Theorem Scans & Secures mobile apps. The technology scans iOS (Apple), Android (Google & Amazon), and Windows Mobile (Microsoft) applications on a continuous basis in search of security flaws & data privacy gaps (24/7/365). Secure code, such as TrustKit, is also provided to developers to remediate identified issues on a timely basis.

Data Theorem s DNA stems from early engineers of @stake, Inc. and co-founders of iSEC Partners, Inc. Data Theorem s academic partners, research collaborators, and alumni stem from John Hopkins University, Institut sup rieur d Electronique de Paris, Carnegie Mellon University, Stanford University, and the University of Minnesota. Hackers Exploit 'Flash' Vulnerability in Yahoo Ads For seven days, hackers used Yahoo s ad network to send malicious bits of code to computers that visit Yahoo s collection of heavily trafficked websites, the company said on Monday.

The attack, which started on July 28, was the latest in a string that have exploited Internet advertising networks, which are designed to reach millions of people online. It also highlighted growing anxiety over a much-used graphics program called Adobe Flash, which has a history of security issues that have irked developers at Silicon Valley companies.

 Right now, the bad guys are really enjoying this,  said J r me Segura, a security researcher at Malwarebytes, the security company that uncovered the attack.  Flash for them was a godsend. 

The scheme, which Yahoo shut down on Monday, worked like this: A group of hackers bought ads across the Internet giant s sports, news and finance sites. When a computer   in this case, one running Windows   visited a Yahoo site, it downloaded malware code.

From there, the malware hunted for an out-of-date version of Adobe Flash, which it could use to commandeer the computer   either holding it for ransom until the hackers were paid off or discreetly directing its browser to websites that paid the hackers for traffic.

 Attacking Yahoo s visitors would be enormously profitable for criminals,  said Vadim Kotov, a malware researcher at Bromium Labs, a software company, who was not involved with uncovering this attack.  So it makes sense that you d see this particular type of attack there. 

Attacks on advertising networks have been on the rise, Mr. Kotov and other researchers say. Hackers are able to use the advertising networks themselves, built for targeting specific demographics of Internet users, to find vulnerable machines.

While Yahoo acknowledged the attack, the company said that it was not nearly as big as Malwarebytes had portrayed it to be.

 We take all potential security threats seriously,  a Yahoo spokeswoman said in statement.  With that said, the scale of the attack was grossly misrepresented in initial media reports, and we continue to investigate the issue. 

 In terms of how many people were served a malicious ad, only Yahoo would really know,  Mr. Segura said. But he added:  This is one of the largest attacks we ve seen in recent months. 

Neither company could say exactly how many people were affected.

After news of the attack was revealed, Adobe asked users to update Flash so their computers would no longer be vulnerable.

 The majority of attacks we are seeing are exploiting software installations that are not up-to-date on the latest security updates,  said Wiebke Lips, a spokeswoman for Adobe. Yahoo! grant program launched The 2015 college football season is heating up, and now is your chance to get in on the action with the other members of the College Football Experts Club game. No drafts, rosters or trades. Simply pick the winners of each game and earn points. Play to win great prizes and a chance to reign as the champ!

Sign Up Now! Apple shares slump: 4 factors behind the fall For Apple, the hits just keep on coming. Unfortunately, they're not the kid of "hits" people are accustomed to but hits to the company's stock.



At Tuesday's intraday low, Apple shares were down 14% from the April 28 high of $134.46 and heading for its fifth-straight daily loss and tenth in past 11 trading days. More importantly from a technical perspective, Apple stock has fallen below its 200-day moving average of just below $121, and done so on heavy volume.





Apple 6 month chart More





Two caveats. First, Apple is an incredibly profitable company and its stock remains relatively cheap based on pretty much any valuation metric. Second, stocks don't need a "reason" to fall and Apple may merely be in a consolidation phase after a phenomenal 2-year run that saw the stock appreciate nearly 75% vs. a mere 24% gain for the S&P 500. Apple's performance over the past 5- and 10-year periods is even more extraordinary and this "correction" may prove to be yet another buying opportunity.





Thus far, analysts are taking a "remain calm, all is well" view of the recent price action. As seen in the chart below, price targets for Apple have been steady around $146-147 for the past four months and still very few "sell" ratings -- 4% which is unchanged over the past year, according to Factset. Apple has certainly earned the "trust" of analysts and investors but the unanimity of option could be a negative contrarian signal; if 'everyone' is already bullish on Apple, who is going to buy more?

Here then, are four commonly cited triggers for Apple's recent dip:









Apple price targets are steady. More

All About China: A slowing economy and slumping stock market have raised concerns about Apple's prospects in China. Reports this week the iPhone's market share slipped to number three in the second quarter (behind Xiaomi and Huawei) vs. the top slot in the first quarter added to those concerns. On the company's third-quarter conference call last month, CEO Tim Cook reiterated a predication China will be "Apple s largest market at some point in the future" and said the company "remain(s) extremely bullish" on its prospects there. "We re not changing anything," he said, suggesting concerns about the stock market's "volatility" were overdone. "We have the pedal to the metal on getting to 40 stores mid next year."

A slowing economy and slumping stock market have raised concerns about Apple's prospects in China. Reports this week the iPhone's market share slipped to number three in the second quarter (behind Xiaomi and Huawei) vs. the top slot in the first quarter added to those concerns. On the company's third-quarter conference call last month, CEO Tim Cook reiterated a predication China will be "Apple s largest market at some point in the future" and said the company "remain(s) extremely bullish" on its prospects there. "We re not changing anything," he said, suggesting concerns about the stock market's "volatility" were overdone. "We have the pedal to the metal on getting to 40 stores mid next year." The Next Big Thing?  We believe that the possibilities for Apple Watch are enormous,  Cook said on the conference call. But the lack of detail led to speculation sales are disappointing, further fueled by reports that Facebook hasn't developed an app for the Apple Watch and that Apple will sell it in Best Buy, starting this month. Earlier this week, Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE), a key supplier, said it didn't reach its "break-even volume" of 2 million units in the second quarter, leading Bernstein Research analyst Mark Li to lower his annual forecast for ASE and further fueling concern about the pace of Apple Watch sales. Be it the watch, Apple TV, home security, cars or some other initiative, investors are hungry for Apple to unveil another product to make the company less dependent on the iPhone, which accounted for nearly 74% of third-quarter revenue.

 We believe that the possibilities for Apple Watch are enormous,  Cook said on the conference call. But the lack of detail led to speculation sales are disappointing, further fueled by reports that Facebook hasn't developed an app for the Apple Watch and that Apple will sell it in Best Buy, starting this month. Earlier this week, Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE), a key supplier, said it didn't reach its "break-even volume" of 2 million units in the second quarter, leading Bernstein Research analyst Mark Li to lower his annual forecast for ASE and further fueling concern about the pace of Apple Watch sales. Be it the watch, Apple TV, home security, cars or some other initiative, investors are hungry for Apple to unveil another product to make the company less dependent on the iPhone, which accounted for nearly 74% of third-quarter revenue. The Law of Large Numbers: In its fiscal third quarter, the company reported revenue of $49.6 billion and year-over-year growth of 33%, the fastest since 2012, while earnings per share jumped a whopping 45%. Apple continues to astound investors with its growth rates, which would be good for a speculative small-cap tech or biotech stock. The fact Apple is doing it as the world's largest market-cap is mind-boggling and unprecedented, raising a nagging concern that it can't last much longer.

In its fiscal third quarter, the company reported revenue of $49.6 billion and year-over-year growth of 33%, the fastest since 2012, while earnings per share jumped a whopping 45%. Apple continues to astound investors with its growth rates, which would be good for a speculative small-cap tech or biotech stock. The fact Apple is doing it as the world's largest market-cap is mind-boggling and unprecedented, raising a nagging concern that it can't last much longer. The Dow Curse: As I wrote back in March when Apple was added to the Dow, companies tend to outperform in the weeks leading up to and immediately following including in the hallowed index, but underperform thereafter. In 32 of 50 Dow changes from 1928 to 2005, the deleted Dow stock (AT&T in this case) outperformed the added name, and the portfolio of stocks removed gained 19% over next 250 trading days vs. a 3% gain for stocks added, according to a 2005 academic study by economists at Pomona College. Recent history suggests the DJIA's overlords tend to add stocks when they're peaking, and occasionally before big falls. Notable examples include Intel and Microsoft, added to the Dow in November 1999, and Bank of America, which was added in February 2008.



Apple has had several corrections of 10% or more during its explosive growth over the past 5- and 10-year periods, as noted above. That should give shareholders comfort the current selloff will be short-lived and, potentially, a buying opportunity. As Michael Santoli notes in the accompanying video, Apple's business prospects haven't changed dramatically since its April high, certainly not enough to justify the rapid selloff. (He also notes, correctly, that Apple hasn't been a market bellwether in recent years, despite its market-cap. The stock often rallies when the S&P is falling, and vice versa so don't let The Drudge Report scare you about Apple triggering a broader market rout.)



But discretion being the better part of valor, let's remember Apple shares fell nearly 50% from its peak in September 2012 to its trough in April 2013. In that case, the bears were correct and the second generation iPhone 4 (the 4S) upgrade cycle was less exciting and less profitable, as my colleague Aaron Pressman notes. Maybe investors are fearing a repeat of that dour performance ahead of the 6S upgrade cycle, coming as soon as next month according to the ever-busy Apple rumor mill.







Aaron Task is Editor-at-Large of Yahoo Finance. You can follow him on Twitter at @aarontask or email him at atask@yahoo-inc.com. Q&A: Kobe Bryant talks retirement, playoffs and life after basketball Kobe Bryant says this absolutely could be his last NBA season, but the Los Angeles Lakers  superstar says he has not made a final decision.

Bryant, 36, told Yahoo Sports in a phone interview on Tuesday during a business trip to China that he won t decide whether he will retire until after the upcoming NBA season.

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!]

Coming off another season cut short because of injury   a torn rotator cuff   the 17-time All-Star covered a variety of topics in a Q&A with Yahoo Sports.

Q: Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak has hinted that next season can be your last. Could it be?

View photos Kobe Bryant has always taken the extra step in maintenance and preparation. (Getty Images) More

Kobe:  We haven t set anything in stone and I ve talked about it before. But could this be the last [season]? Absolutely. It s tough to decide. It s really tough to make those types of decisions. Players I have spoken to say,  Kobe you will know. 

 I m making this very simple. Either I like playing the game and going through this process or I don t. I try to strip it down to the simplest form. Either I like playing some more or I don t. But I think that decision needs to be made after the season. It s hard to make a decision like that before the season. 

Q: Would you want a farewell tour?

Kobe:  It s hard to do that type of stuff because I don t know if I m going to retire or not. It s not a swan song when it all has not been written. 

Q: How does your body feel now and what is the difference between now and entering training camp last season?

Kobe:  The body is good. I feel good.   My lower body is solid. There are no question marks on what I can do. My body and my legs feel extremely strong and healthy. That s the big difference. My upper body, I ve been doing the weights and stuff like that. I ve been kind of building up the upper body strength. The biggest change is I feel very, very solid in my legs. 

Q: Why do you still put your body through this after all the years and injuries?

Kobe:  I m crazy. Ha, ha, ha. I love playing. I enjoy it. It s weird. You go from as a kid loving the game, thinking you will be able to play forever to being where I am now and understanding there is some finality to it.

 It s amazing to take a step back and look at that art. You re kind of the opposite of starting out as a kid. You re sitting here at 36 and soon to be 37 years old, it s amazing. 

[Play a Daily Fantasy baseball contest for cash today!]

Q: How do you fight the pain and do the needed rehabilitation?

Kobe:  I just go. Once I make the decision I am going to take this challenge on, I never waver and I never question the investment. I already made the decision. You have those painful moments, but you just keep on moving. 

Q: When you see the mammoth money that could be available to you as a free agent next summer, does that make it more attractive to continue playing?

Kobe:  Zero. Zero. I ve never played for the money. It s never moved me. Money can come and go. I have a perspective about finances. The family is fine. What is more money going to bring other than more money? I have my family, I have my health and we re comfortable financially and that is a massive blessing.

 I don t want to undervalue the importance of generating any type of whatever. I don t want to make it sound like I m underappreciative of that or not thankful for that. But at the same, what is really important? What is the important thing? I never played for money. When I laced my sneakers up when I was a kid in Italy I wasn t thinking about money. I had no idea how much Magic [Johnson] or [Larry] Bird got paid. I played it because I loved it. 

Read More Joel McHale says 'Community' isn't canceled; Yahoo in talks about show's future Community fans hoping for a seventh season of the show are not going to like what Joel McHale had to say about that prospect. In an interview with MetroWeekly unearthed by Vulture, McHale said that new deals for the cast would be cost prohibitive.  [A]ll of our contracts were up after six years,  he said.  All the actors on the show, almost without exception   their stock has risen significantly and it s out of the pay rate that is affordable to make the show. So you re not going to be able to get Alison Brie or Gillian Jacobs at a normal television salary anymore. There is just not enough money to be able to pay for the show. 

This doesn t rule out the possibility of a movie for the community college-set comedy, which would fulfill Abed s six-seasons-and-a-movie ideal. Sony, which produces the show, is currently in talks with Yahoo!, and according to sources close to the situation, a film is the likely option. Yahoo! released a vague-but-optimistic statement on Tuesday that said:  We ve seen tremendous value in our partnership with Sony and are continuing to discuss future opportunities for Community. 

Of course, any discussion of Community s future starts with creator Dan Harmon. Speaking with EW Radio in June, just a few days after season 6 ended, Harmon praised his experience with Yahoo   the streaming service became the new home for the show when NBC cancelled it after five seasons   but he sounded like he needed a little distance before returning to the one he loved.  I told Yahoo!,  I can t think about writing a movie until I miss Community,  he said. They wanted to turn around and do a movie immediately, and Yahoo! can get it done. They re like the NSA. 

Cast members are game for such a film scenario.  I really do think there ll be a movie,  McHale told Esquire in June, noting:  The cast would do it. We would all do it.  And late last week, McHale s co-star Ken Jeong told EW that he was eager to make the Community movie.  I want to do it yesterday,  he said.  I just saw Joel McHale recently and we were talking about it. And actually whenever we get together, all we do is talk:  When are we going to get the band back together?  You couldn t sign me up any quicker. I hate to be all cryptic about it, but it will happen when it happens   but I definitely think it will happen. 

Update: McHale took to Twitter on Tuesday afternoon, put a more hopeful spin on the situation.  Easy, sugar-bear, Community is not canceled,  he wrote.  #QuestionMarkSeasonsAndaMovie. 

Easy sugar-bear, Community is not canceled. #QuestionMarkSeasonsAndaMovie   Joel McHale (@joelmchale) August 4, 2015

Related Stories

 Dan Harmon on Community s future: Nothing determined but Yahoo wanted to  do a movie immediately 

 Community paintball episode: Take an exclusive peek at the new game

 Arrested Development creator Mitchell Hurwitz returns to Community in new paintball episode 
2015-06-19
New owners plan $30-million face lift for Promenade at Howard Hughes Center The Promenade at Howard Hughes Center, a prominent but dated mall next to the 405 Freeway in Westchester, has been sold to Los Angeles investors who plan to give it a $30-million face lift.

Laurus Corp., a real estate development firm that acquires and improves commercial properties, said it plans a greater emphasis on food and entertainment along with a more pedestrian-friendly layout. The mall, completed in 2001, was designed to serve customers arriving by car, but thousands of people have recently moved to the area and could visit on foot, the new owners said.

Howard Hughes Center, the neighborhood where the mall is located, has a collection of high-rise office buildings and a growing number of apartments. Soon it will have a total of 1.3 million square feet of office space and 3,200 apartments, said Jean Paul Szita, president of Laurus Corp.

The mall is also close to Playa Vista, an office, residential and retail development being built on land that once was home to the aviation empire of business mogul Howard Hughes.

The investment was spurred in part by "the purchasing power of the residents and employees who live and work in such close proximity," Szita said.

Laurus Corp. bought the mall from Passco Cos. last week. Terms of the sale were not disclosed, but real estate data provider CoStar Group Inc. valued it at about $100 million.

The mall's new design, by Los Angeles architect the Jerde Partnership Inc., calls for more indoor-outdoor uses such as courtyards with landscaping. The installation of south-facing escalators and a new pedestrian crossing on Center Drive aims to make the mall easy to access by pedestrians.

The courtyard adjacent to the Cinemark theater complex will become the new center of the mall, with a new outdoor screening area and fire pit, as well as new restaurants, an outdoor dining area and casual lounge space. The team will also update the current Art Deco retail facades throughout the center to reflect a more modern aesthetic.

The Playa Vista area is experiencing a growth boom. In recent years many technology and media firms that found themselves priced out of Santa Monica and other Westside office markets have gravitated to new and renovated buildings in Playa Vista.

Internet titan Google Inc. last year bought nearly 12 acres at Playa Vista that is zoned for new offices or studios. Google is also expected to lease the massive 1943 hangar where aviator Hughes built his "Spruce Goose" airplane. Yahoo Inc., another huge Internet company, said in January that it will move regional operations from Santa Monica to Playa Vista.

Landlord Laurus Corp. has more than $1 billion in assets under management and is affiliated with real estate private equity firm Ethika Investments.

roger.vincent@latimes.com

Twitter: @rogervincent

 SunTrust's Top 5 Twitter CEO Candidates Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) shareholders are anxiously awaiting the announcement of the company s next CEO while the social media company s stock has plummeted 24.4 percent in the past three months. With the rampant speculation about exactly who will succeed Dick Costolo, SunTrust analyst Bob Peck released a new report this week that named SunTrust s top five picks for the next Twitter CEO.

Search Criteria

SunTrust performed an in-depth review of the Twitter board and the relationships that are currently in place, as well as the skill sets required for the leadership position at the company. While there is a countless number of qualified leaders in the business world, SunTrust believes that familiarity and trust will play a critical role in the decision.

SunTrust lists five criteria for Twitter s next CEO:

Active member of the online Twitter community. Reputation as a product expert. Experience in the advertising business. Well-connected in the media world. History of leadership in a large (preferably media) company.

Related Link: Chris Sacca Says Twitter Is 'Tone Deaf' To Wall Street Queries

Top 5 Names

After applying the aforementioned criteria to a large list of possible candidates for the CEO position, SunTrust came up with the following list of the top five candidates for the job:

Jack Dorsey , Chairman and Interim CEO of Twitter and CEO of Square.

, Chairman and Interim CEO of Twitter and CEO of Square. Adam Bain , President, Global Revenue & Partnerships at Twitter.

, President, Global Revenue & Partnerships at Twitter. Mike McCue , CEO and Co-Founder, Flipboard, former Twitter board member, previously at Netscape.

, CEO and Co-Founder, Flipboard, former Twitter board member, previously at Netscape. Ross Levinsohn , Chairman at Scout; former CEO of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and President of Fox Interactive.

, Chairman at Scout; former CEO of (NASDAQ: YHOO) and President of Fox Interactive. Neal Mohan, VP, Display Advertising Products, Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG)(NASDAQ: GOOGL).

Time To Make A Move

Regardless of the company s decision, SunTrust believes that the Twitter board should make a decision quickly to minimize the distraction created by the selection process. SunTrust has a Neutral rating on Twitter and a $40 target for the stock.

Latest Ratings for TWTR Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Underweight Feb 2017 Citigroup Downgrades Neutral Sell Feb 2017 Loop Capital Downgrades Hold Sell View More Analyst Ratings for TWTR

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Adam Bain Bob Peck Jack Dorsey Mike McCueAnalyst Color Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-02-08
Warren Watch: Not a new car, or antique, but personal touch from Buffett ... Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.

Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.

Get digital access 
2015-06-12
Top Job For Next Twitter CEO: Make It Irresistible Wanted: a CEO who spends a lot of time using Twitter and knows how to create great products.

The San Francisco-based company is looking for a new leader after Dick Costolo said on Thursday that he s stepping down as chief executive officer. Yahoo! Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer, Twitter CFO Anthony Noto and former Google Inc. executive Vic Gundotra were mentioned by analysts as potential candidates.

"We re looking for someone who really uses and loves the product," said Jack Dorsey, who co-founded Twitter Inc. and is stepping in as interim CEO. "Despite all that we have accomplished, the company still has huge unmet potential."

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The next chief will inherit a company that s struggling to speed up user growth and build out an advertising business that can deliver more revenue in that order. Twitter has 302 million users, compared with 1.44 billion for Facebook Inc., and has cut its revenue guidance for this year after making changes to its advertising business. The new CEO will have to be someone who is focused on getting the product right, rather than an executive with experience in finance or advertising.

Twitter Inc. headquarters in San Francisco. Photographer: David Paul Morris

"Has to be a product expert," said James Cakmak, an analyst at Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co. "I think if you put anybody aside from a product expert at the helm you re going to have kind of the same issues."

Twitter could take a page from suggestions made by investor Chris Sacca earlier this month, said Victor Anthony, an analyst at Axiom Capital Management. That could include linking more content to live events, helping to draw visitors. The new will CEO have to improve the user interface to become more intuitive and also should look at making the platform more social and easier for people to interact, according to Sacca.

While Twitter built its business on letting people share their thoughts and ideas via 140-character updates, it hasn t been able to become more of a mainstream destination for a wide group of users.

Jason Lemkin, managing director at Storm Ventures, said Twitter needs someone who has already been a CEO, so they can tap the company's growth potential. "This isn't a Hail Mary like Yahoo," he said. "It's never had an experienced CEO. Costolo was not a CEO before. Him being a CEO was a hack an accident like Twitter itself.''

The incoming CEO will face even more competition from established rivals such as Facebook and Google Inc., while new challengers such as Snapchat Inc. and Facebook's Instagram are capturing the attention of users.

Other than Dorsey, here are the main potential candidates mentioned by venture capitalists and analysts tracking Twitter:

Vivek "Vic" Gundotra senior vice president, Engineering at Google Inc., speaks during the Google I/O Annual Developers Conference. Photographer: David Paul Morris

Vic Gundotra

He left Google in 2014 after leading the Web company's social-marketing efforts, which failed to keep up with Facebook's growth. Gundotra, who held other roles at the search giant, has also worked at Microsoft Corp. Gundotra didn't join another company after his exit, making him potentially more available than other candidates.

Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer at Yahoo! Inc. Photographer: David Paul Morris

Marissa Mayer

Yahoo's current CEO is almost three years into her role at the struggling Web portal. Mayer, also a former Google executive, has come under pressure for failing to drive much sales growth, even as Yahoo's stock rose on the value of its investments. While she would bring a fresh perspective, a transition in the near future to Twitter would leave her turnaround effort at Yahoo incomplete.

Sundar Pichai, senior vice-president of Products for Google Inc. Photographer: David Paul Morris

Sundar Pichai

Google's senior vice president has been rising in the ranks at the search provider, adding new responsibilities and gaining stature as a public voice for the company. He oversees key areas including search, Android and advertising product and arguably has a larger portfolio than he would running Twitter.

Photographer: Brian Ach/Getty Images for TechCrunch

Anthony Noto

The former Goldman Sachs banker joined Twitter as its highly paid chief financial officer last year, after helping lead the company's initial public offering when he was at the investment bank. Though he has a finance background, Noto has increasingly taken on responsibilities at Twitter that test his leadership in new areas, such as marketing, leading to speculation that he's being groomed for more. The company also recently hired Todd Morgenfeld, an executive from Hewlett-Packard, to be vice president of finance. He could step into the CFO job if necessary.

Photograph by Robert Twomey for Bloomberg Businessweek

Adam Bain

Twitter president of global revenue grew Twitter's sales from nothing, helping advertisers understand the product as a tool for companies, from live events to customer service. He has already mapped out the next few years for Twitter's business.

Chris Cox, chief product officer at Facebook Inc. Photographer: David Paul Morris

Chris Cox

Facebook's top product executive may be hard to get. He's loyal to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and has been at the company since 2005, longer than Sheryl Sandberg. The company promoted him last year. But if Twitter can make a compelling enough offer, Cox could bring the product vision Twitter needs to draw in more users. One hurdle: he hasn't tweeted since 2009. Katie Couric Re-Ups With Yahoo in a $10 Million Deal Katie Couric is re-upping her news deal with Yahoo, which sources said will raise her annual package there from upward of $6 million to $10 million.

A spokesman for Couric confirmed that the well-known news anchor would be continuing with Yahoo, but neither he nor Yahoo would give additional specifics about the deal or about Couric s compensation.

But it is a big number for an Internet news anchor, for sure, rivaling money paid to television stars (as Couric once was for NBC and other major networks).

Couric signed with the Silicon Valley Internet giant in late 2013 to become its global news anchor to launch an interview show to give the company a big-media sheen. It has been an effort by CEO Marissa Mayer to convince advertisers that Yahoo is a media destination.

Couric s efforts have focused on exclusive interviews with a range of high-profile celebrities, business execs and more, prominently featured on Yahoo s heavily trafficked main page. She recently interviewed Democratic candidate Senator Bernie Sanders, for example, and also scored one of first interviews with Ellen Pao after she lost her famous gender discrimination lawsuit.

I like what Couric has been doing a lot and it s certainly groundbreaking for a television anchor of her fame to move to the Internet, although some inside Yahoo have questioned this and other high-profile media hires made over the last two years. The issue: Should Yahoo be a platform to showcase high-value content or should it aggregate and personalize?

In a May interview with Fortune, Mayer called the Couric hire  a very profitable and good investment. 

She added:  But I will say, to me it was really more about raising that journalistic standard, getting our name out there as people who really want to participate in news and participate in the dialogue in a different way than just republishing content.  Report: BlackBerry 'Considering' Making an Android Phone You know the old saying: If you can t beat them, you (allegedly) join them.

According to a new report from Reuters, former market-leading mobile device maker BlackBerry is considering equipping an upcoming smartphone with Google s Android, the dynamic OS that powers phones and tablets made by Samsung, Sony, LG, and others.

There are few specifics in the report    most notably, whether the rumored BlackBerry Android phone would carry Google branding and offer access to its mobile app Play store. Amazon s Fire tablets and phones, for instance, are built on versions of the open-sourced Android operating system that are not licensed by Google, and thus offer only apps from its Amazon Appstore.

As typical of most rumors, the companies involved have declined to comment.

The move to make an Android BlackBerry would be yet another step toward industry assimilation, one of its largest yet.

The Storm smartphone in 2008, seen as a response to the popularity of the touchscreen-based Apple iPhone, was BlackBerry s first handset to be built without a physical keyboard. And in 2013 s BlackBerry 10 release, the company reinvented itself as an app-first operating system, even introducing compatibility with apps built for Android phones.

BlackBerry s last stab at standing out came in the form of the Passport, a sharp, rectangular productivity-based phone that garnered shrugging reviews.

The struggling mobile handset-maker dropped to fourth place in the market when Microsoft s Windows Phone jumped it in 2013. Android, the type of phone BlackBerry may soon start making, currently tops the charts in number of smartphones sold globally.

Of course, the real question that these rumors bring: Does this mean there s a chance we d eventually (finally) get a Google Play version of the BlackBerry Playbook?

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-04-28
Selz Capital's Latest 13F Reveals New Position in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) & Bets on ... Selz Capital LLC is a hedge fund headquartered in New York and managed by Bernard T. Selz since 2003. The fund offers investment advisory services regarding security portfolios of individuals, as well as small businesses. As of the end of the first quarter of 2015, Selz Capital has a diversified portfolio with 23% invested in the consumer discretionary sector, 21% in transports, 18% in energy and 13% in healthcare. The fund has a total of 61 positions valued at $596 million according to its latest 13F filing and its largest holdings are represented by Macquarie Infrastructure Company LLC (NYSE:MIC), Actavis plc (NYSE:ACT), and Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL).

Even though most smaller investors believe that tracking 13F filings is a waste of time because they are filed with a delay of 45 days after the end of a calendar quarter, the results of our study prove the opposite. To be on the safe side, we used a delay of 60 days in our backtests that involved 13F filings between 1999 and 2012 and still managed to gain an annual alpha in the double digits. Moreover, since the official launch of our strategy in August 2012, we obtained returns of more than 137%, beating the S&P 500 Total Return Index by some 80 percentage points (see more details on how to beat the market by following 13Fs).

Selz Capital LLC boosted its stake in Macquarie Infrastructure Company LLC (NYSE:MIC) by 69% during the quarter to 999,703 shares, with a value of $82.30 million. A couple of months ago, RBC Capital and Oppenheimer raised their price targets on Macquarie Infrastructure Company LLC (NYSE:MIC) to $94.00 and $85.00 respectively. Aside from Selz Capital, Brenner West Capital Partners and Tiger Legatus Capital are two other shareholders of Macquarie Infrastructure Company LLC (NYSE:MIC) among the funds from our database.

Bernard Selz s fund has added 25,000 shares to its stake in Actavis plc (NYSE:ACT), raising it to 134,000 shares valued at $39.88 million. Actavis plc (NYSE:ACT) is the most popular healthcare stock among the funds we track, the bullish sentiment being caused by the company s substantial growth through a line of acquisitions that has transformed it into one of the largest pharmaceutical companies. Andreas Halvorsen s Viking Global and Dan Loeb s Third Point are also prominent investors with large positions in Actavis plc (NYSE:ACT), according to their latest 13F filings. Delta Air Lines (DAL), Alibaba Group Holding (BABA), Yahoo! (YHOO): Tip Hill ... Richard L. Haydon s Tip Hill Capital Management recently revealed its equity holdings as of the end of the first quarter in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before establishing Tip Hill in July 2009, Hayden was a Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager at Straus Group. He has also served at Leon Cooperman s Omega Advisors. Tip Hill has a two-pronged investment strategy: a value-oriented long/short approach and investments driven by catalysts such as M&A, spin-offs or management changes. The former strategy focuses on companies with strong free cash flow generation among other factors and has an investment horizon of one to three years and a target return of 50% within two years, while investments under the latter approach last less than a year with an annual return target of 20-30%.

Let us take a closer look at some of the top holdings of the fund formerly known as Yield Capital Partners (Y/Cap Management) until May 2014. Among the fund s prominent holdings at the end of the first quarter were its stakes in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), and Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU).

Insider Monkey tracks hedge funds  moves in order to identify actionable patterns and profit from them. Our research has shown that hedge funds  large-cap stock picks historically delivered a monthly alpha of 6 basis points, though these stocks underperformed the S&P 500 Total Return Index by an average of 7 basis points per month between 1999 and 2012. These stocks were able to generate alpha because of their lower risk profile. On the other hand, the 15 most popular small-cap stocks among hedge funds outperformed the S&P 500 Index by an average of 95 basis points per month during this period. These stocks were slightly riskier, so their monthly alpha was 80 basis points (read the details here). We believe investors will be better off by focusing on small-cap stocks rather than large-cap stocks and have built a small-cap strategy that has delivered strong returns doing just that.

Tip Hill held some 200,000 shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) valued at $8.99 million at the end of the first quarter. The $37.98 billion company represents about 7.13% of the fund s portfolio value. A tough year so far has led to the stock declining by 5.33% year-to-date. Along with American and United Air Lines, Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) has put up a front against the Middle Eastern Airlines: Etihad, Emirates and Qatar Airways, which it thinks are taking business away on account of unfair subsidies from their respective oil rich countries. Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) s revenue for the first quarter was in line with the estimates and stood at $9.39 billion. An earnings per share (EPS) of $0.45 for the quarter beat estimates by $0.01. Among the funds that we track, Paul Ruddock and Steve Heinz s Lansdowne Partners held the largest holding in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) at the end of the fourth quarter.

Tip Hill initiated a stake in the e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) during the first quarter, with some 50,000 shares valued at $4.16 million. The stock is down by about 18.32% year-to-date on account of varied factors ranging from weakness in the Chinese economy to increased competition from rival JD.com, and even the expiration of shareholders  lockup period. There is a good chance that the drag of all these factors on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) s stock will prove to be short-term and Tip Hill is betting on just that. Other funds betting on the same side as Haydon are Dan Loeb s Third Point and Rob Citrone s Discovery Capital Management. Rivals Are Gaining on YouTube It s been a decade since YouTube became the first household name in Internet video. In 2008, at the first NewFronts, an annual marketing conference, Google Inc.-owned YouTube had the overwhelming majority of the viewership.

Hulu LLC launched and Facebook Inc. added videos just the year before. Now, things are different. At this year s NewFronts, being held April 27-May 7 in New York, 34 companies are promoting online shows and vying for ad dollars.

While YouTube retains a healthy lead in the $7.8 billion U.S. market for online video ads, it s not keeping pace with rivals  growth. Google s video service attracted 145 million U.S. personal-computer viewers in February, down slightly from 151 million two years ago, according to researcher ComScore. During that time, No. 2 Facebook s PC audience grew about 50 percent, to 91 million. Third-place AOL Inc. (67 million) and fourth-place Yahoo! Inc. (52 million) have also gained ground. YouTube is still holding its own on mobile, which makes up about half of its global viewership.

 We are laser focused on audiences,  says Allie Kline, AOL s chief marketing officer. Facebook and Yahoo declined to comment.

 Everybody is sort of gunning for YouTube,  says Paul Verna, an analyst at researcher EMarketer Inc.  A lot of companies are figuring out different ways to get in on that action. 

That includes the groups running many of YouTube s top video networks. TYT Network, which produces popular news series  The Young Turks,  is increasingly uploading videos to Facebook to grab a bigger chunk of the social network s 1.5 billion users. Collective Digital Studio, which works with YouTube celebrities Freddie Wong and Harley Morenstein, sells some of its biggest shows on IAC/InteractiveCorp-owned Vimeo before putting them on YouTube for free.

Premium Content

Over the past two years, many of the production companies that reliably crank out hit videos, some now owned by establishment media companies, have spread their wares to other services. A year ago Walt Disney Co. paid $950 million for Maker Studios, which runs YouTube s third-largest network, and it s now soliciting ad dollars for shows that may not premiere on YouTube.

In September, AT&T Inc. and media holding company the Chernin Group bought No. 2 YouTube network Fullscreen Inc., which recently produced a video series for Snapchat Inc.

 There are a lot of video platforms rising,  says Chad Gutstein, chief executive officer of Machinima, a video network focused on games and so-called nerd culture.

Loyal Creators

YouTube has created a number of initiatives to reward its creators, and ensure their loyalty. It said on April 8 that it planned to roll out an upscale, ad-free version later this year, and give video creators a piece of subscription fees based on their traffic from paid users.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

CEO Susan Wojcicki has also pledged to fund series for popular creators, and YouTube announced on Tuesday the first four beneficiaries: the Fine Brothers, Prank versus Prank, Joey Graceffa and Smosh. All of those channels have more than 5 million subscribers. YouTube also unveiled plans to produce movies in collaboration with video network AwesomenessTV, a video maker owned by DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. The movies will premiere on YouTube before anywhere else, which is not true for many videos these days.

 YouTube has really stepped up across the board in recognizing the value of its top creators,  says Max Benator, who manages Fine Brothers Entertainment, which runs a popular YouTube channel. He says YouTube stars appreciate the site as a home base, but given that some have TV shows and clothing lines,  the ecosystem YouTube catalyzed now extends way beyond the platform itself. 

Market Share

Wojcicki led development of the search engine s ad model. After taking over YouTube last year, she introduced Google Preferred, which guarantees advertisers their spots will play during videos that are among the top 5 percent of YouTube s most popular. EMarketer estimates that YouTube s U.S. ad sales will grow 39 percent this year to about $1.6 billion.

 It s not a finite pie that s getting carved up,  says Jamie Byrne, director of content commercialization. Reza Izad, CEO of Collective Digital, says YouTube remains essential because the service has viewers ages 18-34  coming out of their ears. 

YouTube says the total hours viewers spent watching the service via mobile devices rose 50 percent last year. But while Facebook and AOL are strengthening their share of video ad dollars, companies such as Netflix Inc. and HBO may be the bigger threat.

EMarketer estimates that U.S. adults will spend about 75 minutes a day watching online video this year. If they spend 53 of those minutes watching an episode of  House of Cards  or  Game of Thrones,  that could cut into time for YouTube. How Much Could Apple Buy With Its Cash? When Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) reported its latest quarterly earnings, the newest numbers revealed the world s largest public company just keeps getting bigger. Among a long list of staggering Apple statistics is the $193.5 billion in cash siting on Apple s balance sheet.

It s unclear what (if anything) Apple plans to do with this cash in the near future, but here is a fun list of things that Apple could do if it so desired.

1. Buy Every Major American Sports League

If Apple decided to get into the professional sports business, the bill for buying the  Big 4  American leagues would look something like this:

NFL: $45 billion

MLB: $36 billion

NBA: $33 billion

NHL: $15 billion

Grand total: $129 billion

Apple could easily handle that bill in cash and still get $64.5 billion in change.

2. Buy The American Auto Industry

There s been a lot of talk lately about Apple working on its own electric car. If the company ever gets tired of putting forth so much effort, it could easily get into the electric car business by simply buying Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), valued at only $29 billion.

But what about the American auto industry competition? No worries, Apple could buy them, too!

Tesla: $29 billion

Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F): $63 billion

General Motors Company (NYSE: GM): $58 billion

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE: FCAU): $21 billion

Grand total: $171 billion ($22.5 billion in change)

Related Link: Apple Earnings Live Blog: Q2 Conference Call

3. Buy The Airline Industry

If Apple decided it would rather pursue air transportation instead of road transportation, it would have no problem buying up the airline industry:

Delta Airlines Inc (NYSE: DAL): $38 billion

Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE: LUV): $28 billion

United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE: UAL): $24 billion

Ryanair Holdings Plc (NASDAQ: RYAAY): $18 billion

Alaska Air Group, Inc. (NYSE: ALK): $9 billion

JetBlue Airways Corporation (NASDAQ: JBLU): $6 billion

Spirit Airlines Inc (NASDAQ: SAVE): $6 billion

Copa Holdings SA (NYSE: CPA): $5 billion

Allegiant Travel Co (NASDAQ: ALGT): $3 billion

Hawaiian Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: HA): $1 billion

Total: $138 billion ($55.5 billion in change)

4. Take On Exxon

Maybe Apple will decide to take on its closest market cap rival: Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM). While Apple doesn t have enough cash to buy Exxon, it has enough cash to buy about 3.4 billion barrels of oil. Apple could also afford to easily buy one or more Exxon rivals BP (NYSE: BP) ($130 billion), TOTAL SA (NYSE: TOT) ($127 billion) ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP) ($83 billion) or Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: APC) ($48 billion).

5. Go Stock Picking

Finally, Apple could decide it simply wants to buy up a basket of hot internet services and tech stocks. With the cash on its balance sheet, it could afford to buy the following basket of 10 companies:

Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE: CRM): $44 billion

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO): $42 billion

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX): $34 billion

Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR): $34 billion

Expedia Inc (NASDAQ: EXPE): $13 billion

GoPro Inc (NASDAQ: GPRO): $6 billion

Groupon Inc (NASDAQ: GRPN): $5 billion

Pandora Media Inc (NYSE: P): $4 billion

Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP): $4 billion

Zynga Inc (NASDAQ: ZNGA): $2 billion

Total: $188 billion ($5.5 billion in change)

Posted-In: Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo announces 18 new shows, including a Simon Cowell series Yahoo has spoken: Millennials want more Simon Cowell.

Riding the people s goodwill as the savior of Community, the dotcom giant announced plans on Monday to premiere 18 new digital video programs including a new reality series from Cowell, an expansion of its current concert series, and a live news program anchored by Yahoo global news anchor Katie Couric.

 This lineup is really appealing, we think, to the millennials  and we know that s a really attractive demographic to advertisers that can do a really solid job of making us that must-buy,  said Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer before the company s NewFront presentation.

Only one show in the lineup comedy series The Pursuit is a long-form, scripted series, but Mayer insists that the company remains  interested in original and exclusive content. 

 That said, we are interested in scripted video, but only when it really plays to our audience,  says Mayer.  So we feel that The Pursuit is a great comedy for millennials, but a lot of the content we re going deep on is more news oriented. 

Yahoo will also start airing live newscasts through Yahoo News Live, which will  break it at the moment we re sure that we re right, as opposed to waiting for a daily broadcast as you might have to do on television,  says Mayer.

Other programs in the lineup include separate series starring supermodel Naomi Campbell and Furious 7 star Michelle Rodriguez, a Cowell-produced reality competition show about electronic dance music deejays, a Talking Dead-esque primetime TV aftershow called Superfan Live, and a weekly series on Yahoo Finance. 
2015-11-03
11 Activist Investors Who Have Shaped The Market There has been a heated debate on Wall Street as to whether activist investors are beneficial to both shareholders and companies. Over the past few years, activist investing has taken off, with several big name players pushing for change at some of the world's largest companies.

While some argue that the involvement of activist investors often creates value for shareholders and improves firms' operations, others say their bullying is usually shortsighted and that they don't have the company's best interests at heart.

The Influence Of Activist Investors On Shareholder Returns

A recent study by the Wall Street Journal showed activist investors' proposals can often benefit the firms they are targeting   if management is open to considering new possibilities. After studying 71 cases of shareholder activism, the data showed companies approached by an activist are more likely to outperform their peers in the same industry.

Related Link: Donald Drapkin On Activist Investing And Hillary Clinton

However, the results showed a positive outcome was only slightly more likely than a negative one. Only 38 of the 71 outcomes studied ended with better shareholder returns. While those figures suggest the merits of shareholder activism justify the rise of the practice in the United States, others say the benefits are minimal and the short-term focus activist shareholders have can persuade CEOs to make poor decisions.

Activism Debate Unlikely To End Any Time Soon

The debate is likely to continue for years to come; the involvement of shareholders in a company's operations appears to be increasing. In recent years, outspoken fund managers have caused several corporate shakeups that resulted in massive gains for shareholders, something that has rallied support for shareholder activism.

In any case, investor activism appears to be a trend that will remain on Wall Street for some time. Here's a look at some of the most well-known activist investors and the market-moving deals they orchestrated.

Carl Icahn

Carl Icahn is perhaps the most famous activist investor, as many of his stunts have caused a great deal of commotion among investors. The billionaire led several unsuccessful attempts to break up firms like Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), but he is best known for his successes.

He recently convinced Family Dollar Stores, Inc. (NYSE: FDO) to put itself up for sale, resulting in a bidding war between discount rivals Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ: DLTR) and Dollar General Corp. (NYSE: DG).

Icahn also convinced tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) to use some of its spare cash to conduct a $90 billion stock buyback.

Related Link: Bank Investors: Here's What's Going To Be A "Huge, Huge Market"

Bill Ackman

Bill Ackman is another activist investor whose public outbursts have made headlines. His 2014 feud with Icahn over Herbalife cast Ackman in an unfavorable spotlight, but the Pershing Square Capital CEO has also proven himself to be a market force.

In 2013, Ackman made an estimated $485 million after using his 1 percent Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) stake to shake up operations at the company. His open criticism of CEO Bob McDonald eventually led to his departure from the company.

Daniel Loeb

Daniel Loeb has been known for his "poison pen" on Wall Street; the Third Point CEO often writes insulting letters criticizing the management at companies he's set his sights on.

In 2012, Loeb began questioning discrepancies on Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson's resume after his firm acquired a 5 percent stake in the company. Eventually, Thompson resigned, and Yahoo gave Loeb three board seats. Loeb left the Yahoo's board less than a year later and sold his shares in the firm for a large profit.

However, Loeb's critical style hasn't always been effective; his efforts to break up Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMGN) and Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE: RDS-A) (NYSE: RDS-B) in 2014 were unsuccessful.

David Einhorn

David Einhorn is an unusual type of activist investor whose tactics tend to be much less aggressive. His reputation has given him a great deal of clout on Wall Street, and his public statements have been known to move markets.

In October 2011, Einhorn accused Keurig Green Mountain Inc (NASDAQ: GMCR) of several transgressions and announced that he'd taken a short position. The company's shares immediately began to tumble, eventually losing around 52 percent. Einhorn and his firm Greenlight Capital were also involved in Icahn's efforts to persuade Apple to return value to shareholders with a buyback when he suggested that the tech giant create a preferred stock plan.

Nelson Peltz

Nelson Peltz is best known for his battles in the boardroom, often calling for management shakeups at companies he is interested in. Peltz's most famous shakeup happened in 2011, when his firm Trian Fund Management disclosed its stake in Kraft Foods.

Together with Pershing Square Capital, Trian pushed the firm to break up, which it eventually did in 2012. Kraft separated its grocery business, which kept the Kraft name, from its snack foods arm, which became Mondelez International Inc (NASDAQ: MDLZ) and went on to merge with H. J. Heinz Co. to form Kraft Heinz Foods Co (NYSE: HNZ).

Related Link: Carl Icahn And John Paulson Want AIG To Split Up; Directors Reportedly Discussing A Spinoff

Barry Rosenstein

Unlike many of his peers, Barry Rosenstein has flown under the radar to drive market-moving change. His firm Jana Partners typically works together with companies to make operational changes and isn't seen as an external threat.

Jana was behind PetSmart, Inc. (NASDAQ: PETM) sale to BC Partners in 2014, and he persuaded Safeway Inc (NYSE: SWY) to rework its operations by giving up its stake in Blackhawk Network Holdings and abandoning underperforming regions in 2013.

Jana was also an integral part of Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE: MPC)'s decision to conduct a $2 billion stock buyback in 2012.

Paul Singer

Paul Singer and his firm Elliott Management have been a force to be reckoned with in the tech space. Singer began a proxy fight for board seats at BMC Software, Inc. (NASDAQ: BMC) in 2012, which ended with Elliott Management taking over two seats. The firm then pushed BMC to consider a sale to be taken private by Bain Capital LLC, Golden Gate Capital and Elliott Management, which it eventually agreed to in May 2013.

Elliott also worked together with Jana Partners to push Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR) to carry out management changes and conduct a stock buyback.

Jeff Smith

Jeff Smith and his firm Starboard Value have been behind several corporate shakeups, including office supply superstore Staples, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPLS) decision to acquire Office Depot Inc (NASDAQ: ODP) for $6.3 billion in 2015.

However, Smith is best known for his takeover of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE: DRI) in 2014. Smith famously criticized how the firm's Olive Garden restaurants cooked their pasta and eventually went on to replace Darden's entire board and CEO. What made the takeover even more impressive was the fact that Starboard owned less than 10 percent of the company at the time.

Jeffrey Ubben

Jeffrey Ubben and ValueAct Capital have been behind some impressive turn-arounds on Wall Street, as the fund typically works with companies that appear undervalued.

Unlike many of his peers, Ubben isn't feared among CEOs; ValueAct usually works cordially with the companies it is targeting.

In 2011, ValueAct acquired a 5 percent stake in Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ: ADBE) and was later granted a seat on the company's board. Ubben and his firm pushed the software provider to offer its products online with a monthly fee, something that has been praised by investors. ValueAct also gained a seat on Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT)'s board in 2013 after accumulating a large stake in the company.

Ralph Whitworth

Ralph Whitworth is the great mind behind Relational Investors, a firm that has been responsible for several high profile breakups and sales.

In November 2010, Whitworth earned a seat on ITT Corp (NYSE: ITT)'s board, which he later used to push the company to split into three different businesses.

The firm was also behind B/E Aerospace Inc (NASDAQ: BEAV)'s decision to split in 2014 and Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE: ITW)'s decision to completely overhaul the company's organization in 2012, which eventually boosted margins and added immense value to shareholders.

Christer Gardell

While investor activism has been predominantly American, Swedish-born Christer Gardell has been working to shake things up across the pond.

Gardell's firm Cevian Capital has made a name for itself in Europe as one of the most aggressive drivers of corporate change. The firm has been pushing M&A deals at big name firms in Europe like chemical and industrial supplier ALENT PLC (OTC: ALNXY) (OTC: ALNXF) and ceramics and metals processor VESUVIUS PLC ORD (OTC: CKSNF).

Unlike the media-hyped battles that take place in the States, Gardell says investor activism in Europe is a bit more subdued. Cevian works hard to be constructive and work together with management, rather than forcing change with hostile tactics. He told Fortune that he believes investor activism is just as prevalent in Europe as it is in the States, but that it has a different definition.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Activist investorsEducation Entrepreneurship Movers & Shakers Top Stories Success Stories Markets General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-08-26
Where Is Facebook Investing Heavily? Facebook Posts Robust 2Q15 Earnings but Stumbles over Expenses PART 4 OF 10

Where Is Facebook Investing Heavily?

Major areas of investment

As we saw in the previous part of this series, Facebook s (FB) expenses grew 82% in 2Q15. This was the result of the company investing heavily in certain initiatives and projects. In this part, we ll look at Facebook s key investment areas. The most important area is employee headcount.

Interested in FB? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on FB Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

The number of Facebook employees has increased greatly in the last couple of years, as you can see in the above graph. The company has been hiring engineers aggressively, and its headcount reported at the end of March 2015 was 10,082. This is an increase of 48% compared to March 2014.

Besides hiring new talent, Facebook has been investing heavily in improving user experience on its products. These products include Instagram, WhatsApp Messenger, and Messenger. Instagram is expected to churn big money for Facebook. A recent report from Bank of America Merrill Lynch predicts Instagram will earn $300 million in Facebook revenues in 2016. Facebook s primary focus is thus Instagram.

Another important area for Facebook investments is advertising technology, which has an impact on its advertising business. The company s investments in Atlas and other ad tools and programs such as Audience Network and Custom Audiences are some of the initiatives intended to strengthen Facebook s advertising business.

Facebook s interest is growing in the mobile ad market

Investments in ad tools and programs indicate Facebook s growing interest in the mobile ad market. This also clearly indicates how ad dollars are shifting to mobile. Twitter (TWTR) also released a new developer platform called Fabric to help create and monetize apps (applications). Fabric goes one step further than Audience Network. It not only helps developers manage their ad inventories but also helps developers debug and test new apps.

Google s (GOOG) AdMob and Yahoo! s (YHOO) Flurry are similar to Audience Network and signal that competition is heating up in the mobile advertising market.

To get portfolio exposure to Facebook, you can consider investing in the PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 ETF (QQQ). Yahoo's Tumblr Gets Mobile-Friendly In Bid To Lure Developers, Brands From ... NEW YORK --  Content is king,  said Simon Khalaf, Yahoo s senior vice president of publishing products, onstage in front of an audience of app developers, marketers and coders at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square. That, of course, is a well-worn clich . Ensuring that content is discovered and consumed is the more pressing issue facing Yahoo and other Web giants who need to find ways to get more eyeballs on the gigabytes of video, photos and posts that daily move through their ad-supported channels.

Social networks are now a major source of user-generated content, and Yahoo -- the Sunnyvale, California-based desktop portal that under CEO Marissa Mayer is moving to emphasize mobile products and original content -- is looking to get more out of its own. The company acquired Tumblr in 2013, and now, the $1.1 billion dollar deal could further pay off as Yahoo pushes content creation on desktop and on mobile.

On Wednesday, Yahoo (NASDAQ: YHOO) announced that Tumblr will have in-app sharing via mobile. That means, just as you see a share to Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, WhatsApp, Pinterest buttons on apps on your smartphone, content can now be shared directly onto the Tumblr network. The first app to use this feature is PicsArt, which let mobile users edit and upload photos. Yahoo hopes the new tools will help attract more brands to it and, ultimately, to Tumblr, which is in a pitched battle for eyeballs with the likes of Google's YouTube and Pinterest, Facebook's Instagram and Facebook itself.

Photo: Kerry Flynn/International Business Times

 The closest thing to Tumblr is television. All of a sudden you re lost in that world. Unless someone wakes you up, you re still connected to it,  Khalaf told International Business Times.  You cannot ignore the millions of folks that are creating phenomenal thought pieces and cool content. We have our own; we have our partners; and then we have the world. 

Joining The Conversation

Launched in 2007, Tumblr has grown -- and wants to continue to develop -- as a blogging network for creators. Beyond fandom sites and small artistic communities, Tumblr has often been a platform for international conversations. For example, pop entertainer Taylor Swift used her Tumblr blog in her takedown of Apple Music. And it s the home of viral sensations like  Texts From Hillary. 

But it has struggled to be a part of developers' minds for content distribution. David Kopec, a software engineer who attended Yahoo s conference, said Tumblr had  never even been a part of the conversation  with his clients at Oak Snow Consulting.  It s Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. That s what the client was on and that s the top of mind for them. 

Photo: Kerry Flynn/International Business Times

Tumblr s absence in that conversation could soon change. The user and engagement numbers, touted by Yahoo and Tumblr s team throughout the conference, were key to convincing Kopec to bring up Tumblr at his next client meeting.  I honestly didn t realize they had that many hundreds of millions of users,  Kopec said.

Tumblr boasts 250 million individual blogs on the network, and there are about 85 million posts a day. There were 500 million monthly active users who spend on average 13 minutes a session on mobile. In comparison, Facebook has 1.49 billion, Instagram has 330 million and Twitter has 316 million. Snapchat boasts 200 million daily.

And Tumblr s traffic has been growing, even outshining Facebook s photo-sharing app Instagram in the last quarter of 2014, according to the Global Web Index. Following Mayer's mobile strategy, Tumblr's mobile app has been a hook. The average Tumblr app user opens the app seven times a day.

 Front Page Of The Internet 

Content discovery is not about one-to-one conversations for Tumblr, unlike Facebook with its Messenger app and Snapchat promoting messaging. Instead, the company s after a title that's popular yet controversial -- qualities that Reddit embodies.

 Tumblr is the new front page of the Internet,  John Gronberg, senior product manager at Yahoo, said during a live demo of the new in-app Tumblr product.

Tumblr also touts discovery, later, for content -- something that can get lost in the real-time, chronological timeline of Twitter or the algorithmic-heavy Facebook. Tumblr relies on its editorially curated  Discover  section as well as its presence on Google and other site search engines, such as Yahoo. One-third of all reblogs occur 30 days after the original post aired.

 Tumblr becomes this land of opportunity to make this stuff and get it out there,  said Tumblr CEO David Karp on stage with Wilson Kriegel of PicsArt.  There s this army of independent creators that apps like yours and [distribution] platforms like Tumblr, YouTube ... are starting to empower.  
2015-06-09
Maker Media Nabs $5 Million In Funding And Yahoo Tech Editor Rafe Needleman Right on the heels of adding a new social network for the DIY folks called MakerSpace, Maker Media has raised $5 million in funding from Ev Williams  Obvious Ventures, Raine Ventures, Azure Capital, and previous investors OATV and Floodgate, as well as some debt financing from Square 1.

The funding has helped the media company to pull in Rafe Needleman to head up digital content. Needleman is a long-time technology editor who has been reviewing gadgets and gizmos for the last two decades in Silicon Valley. He joins Maker Media from his most recent gig as the editorial director for Yahoo Tech.

Maker Media tells us Needleman will be working quite heavily with video, as well as print and digital media.  Video is going to be a big part of what we focus on,  Maker Media CEO Gregg Brockway told TechCrunch over the phone about the news.

The move to hire Needleman is part of a larger push for the media company to expand the content side of the business. Needleman is a huge get for the business and will enable them to have someone on the team who can bring more focus to online brands.

The investment speaks to the growth and promise of Maker Media as a platform offering makers around the world content, commerce, and community opportunities.   Gregg Brockway

Maker Media is the parent company to Make: magazine, Maker Faire, Maker Shed and Makezine. As mentioned above, it recently added MakerSpace as a way to pull together the content from each of its brands and offer a way for the Maker Faire community to share their projects online. But these brands can feel disjointed from one another.

Meanwhile, the company has experienced growth in each section, both online and off. Maker Faire ballooned to 130 events and 781,000 attendees worldwide in 2014, according to the enterprise. Maker Media expects those numbers to reach over 1 million participants this year. The funding also allows it to expand to more than 200 Maker Faires globally.

Make: magazine has also seen growth in readership. The print distribution now reaches 300,000 and its online properties Makezine.com, Maker Faire online, Maker Shed and Maker Camp reach nearly 4 million monthly unique visitors, according to Maker Media.

Maker Media has beefed up its team, hiring 30 people in the last 6 months, making a total of 90 employees to work on building out its technical and editorial initiatives, mainly to drive video, but also mobile.

 Our approach to mobile has been piecemeal, and the bar is going up every day,  Brockway said.

Maker Media told us that the funding round was a strategic one. It took $5 million in funding in 2013, after the split from O Reilly Media. But this new object to build out digital media will need strategic guidance. Part of that is bringing in Needleman, and part of that is pulling in investors who can add to the conversation. Brockway said that was the case with the new investors.  This was strategic raise to get value-added investors involved in the business,  he said.

Obvious Ventures, founded by Twitter and Medium founder Ev Williams, and Raine Ventures, an entertainment venture fund are part of that. These new venture partners may be able to add digital media guidance as Maker Media continues to grow into a larger online content organization centered around the maker movement.

 We re at an inflection point for the broader maker movement,  Brockway said.  The investment speaks to the growth and promise of Maker Media as a platform offering makers around the world content, commerce, and community opportunities. 

Brockway told us that we ll see continued growth in the company and services offered and hinted that we may even see a marketplace on MakerSpace in the near future.  Having Rafe on board will really help push us forward with the direction of content,  he added. Auction.com Names Former Yahoo! CFO Tim Morse Chief Executive Officer IRVINE and BELMONT, Calif., June 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Auction.com, the nation's leading online real estate marketplace, has named former Yahoo! Inc. CFO and interim CEO Tim Morse as the company's CEO. Current CEO and Co-founder Jeff Frieden will remain fully engaged with the company as Auction.com's executive chairman. Morse joined Auction.com in May of last year, and has served as its chief financial officer.

"I'm very proud of what we've accomplished, of the team we've put together, and of the pivotal role Auction.com has played in moving real estate transactions online," Frieden said. "As our company has grown and evolved, I began looking for someone with experience running a larger, public company   someone who understands technology, can work with the capital markets, and who has the operational expertise to take our vision and execute it on a global scale. I think Tim is the perfect person to take the company to the next level, and his leadership will help Auction.com expand our ongoing efforts to transform how real estate is bought and sold."

The company has sold over 165,000 residential and commercial properties since being founded in 2007, totaling over $30 billion, and has grown steadily during this period. There were over 49,000 properties sold on the Auction.com platform in 2014 alone. The company's business model has begun to transition from selling distressed assets to selling more traditional, non-distressed properties, especially in the commercial real estate market, where nearly half of the company's sales are non-distressed properties.

"This is an exciting time in the company's history, as we begin to move into the residential and commercial retail markets, and complete our transition from an auction company to a true online marketplace, leveraging internet technology to deliver a much better experience for buyers, sellers and real estate professionals," Morse commented. "Jeff is a visionary and an extraordinary entrepreneur who took a brilliant idea and built it into a company disrupting a $1.6 trillion industry. I'm honored to take on the role of Auction.com CEO, and am humbled that Jeff has entrusted me with the company he created."

In addition to his positions at Yahoo!, Morse was previously a member of the Board of Directors of Alibaba Group, CFO at online advertising start-up Adap.tv, which was acquired by AOL, Inc., CFO at Altera Corporation, a San Jose-based maker of programmable logic semiconductors, and CFO and general manager of business development for GE Plastics. Morse spent 15 years with the General Electric Company, where he held positions of increasingly greater responsibility with GE Capital, GE Corporate and GE Appliances. Morse holds a finance and operations & strategic management degree from Boston College.

About Auction.com:

Auction.com, LLC, is the nation's leading online real estate marketplace. Founded in 2007, the company has sold over $30 billion in residential and commercial real estate assets. Auction.com has over 900 employees and headquarters in Irvine and Silicon Valley, California as well as offices in Austin and Plano, Texas, Atlanta, Denver, New York and Miami. Visit www.auction.com for more information.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150609/221669LOGO

SOURCE Auction.com, LLC You Can Customize the Keys to Type Out Anything on This New Keyboard This is quite possibly the softest hardware keyboard ever made.

With its novel e-ink key labels, the Sonder Bluetooth computer keyboard offers visual customization for 50 of its 78 plastic buttons. You can program in what symbols, pictographs, or (lol) letters you want to display on each key, and the keys will change what they display before your eyes.

Who, besides emoji maniacs, might want this? Well, those that use multiple shortcut-heavy programs like Adobe Photoshop would be able to bring up the corresponding suite of shortcut icons, for example. It s pretty clever and could eliminate the exhausting process of memorizing what each key does in each program.

Sonder Design touts its keyboard s ability to create emoji shortcuts keys, with a picture of the emoji displayed right on top. All of its keys can apparently be customized to show an entirely different language with just the flip of some settings.

The un-customizable keys on Sonder look to be Mac-compatible; you can see the Mac-only  command  button where the Windows key might typically be. Though the company claims the device will work with PCs, it seems more-so catered to Mac typers.

That being said, the Sonder keyboard is yet to even launch its Kickstarter campaign, due to go up before the end of the year. Changes could still happen between now and the time the final product hits consumers.

You can pre-order a Sonder over at the company s website for $199, which is more than $1,000 cheaper than this keyboard that does some of the same things. Though with no info to be found about when the keyboard will ship, you may be better off waiting for the Kickstarter to kick-off.

Via Liliputing

*

UPDATE: Sonder Design got in touch with us to say that a Windows version of their e-ink keyboard will be announced soon. How about that, Microsofties?!

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-02-03
Keeping activist investors at bay: how corporate boards can help The hottest topic in many corporate boardrooms today is shareholder activism   or more specifically, the vulnerability of becoming the target of a shareholder activist and what to do about it. Instead of dreading this or, worse, have to defend against it, boards of directors should be proactive about getting out ahead of it. As insiders, we are in a better position to act on our fiduciary responsibility to represent the interests of shareholders than is an independent party, and we have more tools and power at our disposal to do so. Done right, this might result in some healthy, but managed changes.

The influence the activists are having in the market has never been greater. Simply put, what they are doing is attracting more interest and more capital, now estimated at north of $115 billion, 10 times the levels of the 1990 s. Distributing their messages has also become easier. They often communicate via social media and business news channels to emotionally pressure management and collaborate with other shareholders.

So what is a board of directors to do? Boards are empowered to protect shareholders, but many shareholders have become sympathetic to activists because they believe the system has inherent conflicts of interest; that directors are more interested in collecting paychecks and preserving their status quo than in exercising their fiduciary duty to shareholders.

Conversely, the board s time horizon for creating value is by definition much longer than that of any one activist, and many boards and management teams feel activists are too short-term and just don t get the complexities of the landscape in which they operate. Operating realities include balancing the interests of customers, suppliers, employees, and regulators. Implementing well-managed changes, while navigating these factors, often takes longer than investors may realize.

But there are many things public company boards can do to better align with their core responsibility to the stockholders and they can do it in a way that is proactive and more long-term in nature than if it is in response to an activist.

Here are three ideas, which are meant to be directional rather than prescriptive.

Let shareholders air it out.

Most boards only receive input from reading reports by sell-side analysts, who are not their shareholders, and from the CEO and CFO, who directly talk to institutional shareholders. Imagine, as an executive, never meeting with your boss to get feedback, but instead receiving it filtered from someone on your staff. That s essentially what happens for many boards.

The shareholders are ultimately the  boss  of the board in the sense that the board serves as their proxy for enhancing intrinsic value. Yet boards typically hear about shareholder concerns indirectly and often not attributed to any specific shareholder.

A huge opportunity is missed without direct contact. This is exactly the opportunity the activists are availing themselves of by contacting blocks of shareholders to exchange views on underperforming companies and collaborating on remedies.

Boards should do the same. There are a variety of ways to accomplish this. For example, Coca-Cola Co. Director Maria Elena Lagomasino, Chair of the Compensation Committee, met directly with one large shareholder and also considered specific feedback derived from major institutional shareholders of Coke ( ko ) on the issue of executive compensation. This input led to the revised approach to equity compensation, communicated by her directly with shareholders through the company s website.

This could even become part of a regular process. For example, a designated board member could invite large shareholders to periodic get togethers to air their thoughts and concerns. This feedback could either be summarized for the board by that board member or delivered directly by a representative from the group at a board gathering.

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ( brk ) is even more ambitious. It hosts more than 30,000 shareholders in Omaha annually and allows them more than six hours to ask unfiltered questions. Recently, Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett offered some sage advice on the subject.  I believe in running the company for shareholders that are going to stay, rather than the ones that are going to leave. 

If a designated director or a designated third party representing the board were to reach out to shareholders from time to time, both sides would learn and benefit. It would allow key directors to educate shareholders, as well as build credibility and a relationship before problems arise. In addition, shareholders can add insight to the board, because they often speak with competitors, customers, and suppliers of the company and can bring an  outside in  perspective that can be hugely valuable.

Limit terms, but don t install terms limits.

This means setting up a mechanism for both attracting new directors with some of the skill sets of long-term shareholders, as well as a mechanism for rotation off the board to create room for new thinking, more diversity, and women.

For removing directors, the solution that activists primarily advocate is a hard term-limit. As an alternative, many companies instead opt for a retirement age. I am not a fan of either. Why create a system that force out good board members?

Then again, most boards have at least one or maybe a few directors who are not adding as much value as a new member might bring and therefore represent an  opportunity cost.  Once directors are on a board, it can be extremely difficult to naturally rotate them off. Firing a friend is tough under the best conditions, and even more so because there is no economic incentive.

It s emotionally easier just to  wait it out.  This is even more complicated when a CEO inherits a board that was picked and groomed by her predecessor and doesn t have the collective skills for her new strategy.

My view is that boards would be well served to adopt a process that specifically outlines the rotation process and that is understood and implemented for new directors. In other words, limited terms, but not unified term-limits. By making this change for all new directors, it side-steps the issue of those already on the board, making it easier to implement on a go forward basis.

I lean toward a system in which each new member of the board agrees to hand in their resignation every six to eight years, with the idea being that some directors will be asked to serve multiple terms it they are uniquely qualified to help the CEO and company build value, but many will be thanked for their service and move on after that time frame.

The decision regarding whose resignations to keep, or whose to accept, could be made either by an appointed director, or by an absolutely confidential and binding majority vote of the other board members. This latter approach might be easier socially.

Think like an activist.

Directors must insist on asking management to analyze strategic choices as an activist would: by looking at alternatives to the strategies the CEO is recommending. This is not typical. The more common pattern is for the CEO to consider options and present only the recommended one to the board.

The road not taken is the one the activist will surface so the board must have analyzed these alternatives. This means understanding what it would mean to get out of underperforming operations, split up the company and evaluate varying alternatives for measuring and handling excess cash versus the ones being recommended. If these choices are not discussed, the board will be poorly prepared to articulate and defend its alternative course.

Importantly, an analysis of the break-up or private transaction value of a company that shows a higher value than where the stock is trading does not oblige a company to make a sale. There have been many times in history where macro-economic or other conditions have made the current stock market and private transaction values poor indicators of intrinsic value. The board s duty is to enhance the latter, exercising its duty of care, by fully understanding what strategic choices the company is making and why.

By proactively using their power to align with long-term shareholder value creation, boards can help companies avoid the disruption that a shorter-term activist agenda will bring.

Sue Decker serves on the boards of Berkshire Hathaway, Costco and Intel . She previously served as president and chief financial officer at Yahoo. This article is an excerpt from a more detailed version published on Sue s blog, deckposts.net. The opinions expressed are her own and not necessarily those of the companies on whose boards she serves or her colleagues on those boards. Alabama HS basketball game ends 2-0 Two Alabama high school coaches combined their strategies to create the most boring game of high school basketball possible on Saturday. In the end, Bibb County (Ala.) held on to an early lead to defeat Brookwood (Ala.), 2-0.

A 2-0 final in boys basketball? You kidding me? We will talk w Bibb County folks about the game tonight at 6 & 10. pic.twitter.com/Tp24kWNhyF   Rick Karle (@RickKarle) February 2, 2015

The score ties a national record for the lowest of all time. The last time a game ended at 2-0 was in 1977, according to the National Federation of State High School Associations.

Bibb County jumped on the board in the first 15 seconds, when Brandon Rutledge scored off the rebound of a teammate's missed three-point attempt. From there, Brookwood intentionally slowed everything down.

The Brookwood players just held the ball until the end of the first quarter, finally taking a shot at the buzzer. Brookwood coach Thad Fitzpatrick told TuscaloosaNews.com the game plan was to slow down on offense because it was the team's fourth game of the week, and several players had cramped up in the previous night's game.

"We decided,  OK, let s just hold the ball and see what happens. " he said. "They never came out of the zone. We got a chance to rest, and we thought they might chase us a little bit, so we just held the ball. 

It must have been brutally boring for the players and the fans when Brookwood again held the ball for the entire second quarter, then missed another shot near the end.

Not to be outdone, Bibb County followed suit to start the third quarter. By then the coach had decided that he'd be happy enough going into the fourth quarter with a 2-0 lead, because that would at least force Brookwood to go for a shot before the buzzer.

Yet when Brookwood got the ball to start the fourth, nothing changed. The team waited it out again, planning a final shot that would either force overtime or give them the 3-2 win.

But with 15 seconds to go, Bibb County finally forced a turnover. Brookwood had to foul to keep the game alive.

The teams collectively took seven shots in those final 15 seconds, all of them failing to find the net. And just like that, they put their names in the record books for something either would likely prefer to forget.

When the two teams played earlier this season, Brookwood won 40-36.

____

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter.



Follow @daniellelliot

And keep up with Danielle over on Facebook, too. 
2015-03-03
Yahoo: 20 years of hits and flops In a big splash, Yahoo (YHOO, Tech30) hired Google (GOOGL, Tech30) executive Marissa Mayer in 2012.

Mayer instantly tried to transform the company's culture, famously making the cafeterias free, giving out iPhones to employees and controversially banning telecommuting. Mayer also put a big emphasis on improving Yahoo's user experience, focusing in particular on Yahoo's mobile products. Mayer made big changes to Yahoo Mail, redesigned the homepage (twice), eliminated dozens of extraneous products and even redesigned the company's logo.

One of Mayer's primary areas of focus has been attracting new talent, often by buying (and then shutting down) tech companies.

She also tried to make Yahoo a stronger media player by going after flashy talent hires, including Katie Couric and David Pogue. Mayer also negotiated a deal to host all Saturday Night Live content on its website.

But Mayer has been criticized for lack of progress on Yahoo's core advertising business. Search and display ad growth has been underperforming Wall Street's expectations, and investors are growing impatient with Mayer's lack of results.

Her future is unclear now that Yahoo agreed to be sold to Verizon (VZ, Tech30) in a $48 billion deal. Nasdaq hits 5000 for the first time since 2000 The Nasdaq hit 5,000 again. Time to head for the hills, right?

Maybe not this time.

The technology-heavy Nasdaq composite index nudged through the symbolic point barrier for the first time since March 2000, shortly before what was known as the dot-com bubble burst in a dramatic collapse.

The steady climb, to 5,008.10 on Monday, was far more gradual, and the underlying fundamentals much more sound than the first time around, analysts said.

Amid the euphoria of the dot-com era when the Web was fairly new and the Internet promised boundless opportunity, stock prices became untethered from profits   even revenues   in the belief that the Internet would so transform the economy that conventional valuation metrics would be rendered obsolete.

The climb to 5,000

"It doesn't resemble the speculative excesses that were in effect when it last set a record high," said John Lonski, chief capital markets economist at Moody's Analytics.

At the bubble's peak, key components of the Nasdaq index traded at more than 50 times future earnings, Lonski said, calling them "nosebleed" levels. And the broader index traded even higher.

The market for initial public offerings then was the boom's primary pump. As new stocks such as Yahoo Inc. rocketed up with no end in sight, a speculative frenzy took hold. Those who missed Yahoo wanted in on the next IPO.

The craze hit a peak with the Dec. 9, 1999, IPO of VA Linux Systems, a Sunnyvale, Calif., company that sold computers geared to run the Linux operating system.

The company had set its opening price at $30 a share. On its first day, shares climbed to $239, which defied rational explanation even among tech-stock boosters. The crash came the following spring. By September 2000, VA Linux stock traded at $8.49.

Today's market, however, is underpinned by the likes of Apple Inc., whose market value of $748 billion accounts for more than 10% of the Nasdaq's composite valuation. Meantime, companies such as Facebook Inc. and Google Inc. are enjoying strong earnings, at least for now.

The Nasdaq's price-to-earnings ratio, a key measure of a stock's value, is about 18 times estimated future earnings, said Lonski, who called it well within levels considered sustainable.

The Nasdaq index is only a short distance from its record close of 5,048.62 on March 10, 2000. Should it break that level, it would join the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500 index, both of which have hit new highs often over the last year.

On Monday, they did so again. The Dow rose 0.9% to 18,288.63; the S&P 0.6% to 2,117.39. Nasdaq added 44.57 points, or 0.9%.

Analysts said the rise of all three major U.S. indexes, as well as markets overseas, was partly the result of broader macroeconomic news, including the announcement of an interest rate cut by the Chinese central bank and reports of strengthening in the U.S. labor markets.

California companies wield a strong influence on Nasdaq: Seven companies based in the state are among the top 10 Nasdaq-listed companies, by valuation.

Although there are risks to the tech-heavy index, analysts said, they lie mainly in the broader economy   economic stagnation in Europe, a slowdown in China, a highly valued dollar hurting exports   the same things that haunt stocks in general. And even the risks specific to the Nasdaq don't resemble those that doomed the market 15 years ago.

A big difference this time is the public's overwhelming embrace of technology   from broadband use, online shopping, smartphone penetration and the rapid adoption of mobile technology   and its demonstrated willingness to devote a significant portion of the household budget to it.

"There are credible penetration and usage scenarios that exist now that just weren't there 15 years back," said Sameet Sinha, a senior Internet analyst with San Francisco-based B. Riley & Co.

Another difference is the state of financial markets themselves.

The dot-com era was marked by freewheeling practices on Wall Street that saw the breakdown of traditional barriers between stock analysts issuing buy-and-sell recommendations to the public and investment bankers trying to win business from the same companies.

After the tech wreck, analyst research underwent sweeping reforms under an industrywide settlement to end an investigation into fraudulent stock research led by then-New York Atty. Gen. Eliot Spitzer.

The current market has been driven less by hype and speculation about future innovation than conventional profit measures. Companies that go public now tend to be more mature, so retail investors are less likely to get burned on individual IPOs.

Sinha said that even dot-com mainstays, such as Hewlett-Packard Co., Sun Microsystems Inc. and Dell Computer Corp., had relatively low profit margins, while some of the most extravagantly valued Internet companies had no profits at all.

Amazon.com Inc. notably had no profits for years. By contrast, Sinha said, Nasdaq pillars such as Google and Facebook Inc. report profit margins around a stunning 50%.

They have a hammerlock on their markets, gained largely through consumer popularity, but that is a risk in itself since, historically, such dominance has invited either regulatory intervention or, more frequently, the rise of upstarts more than happy to compete at lower margins.

"There's no way margins like that are sustainable" over the long term, Sinha said.

But for now, analysts said, the tech sector looks relatively attractive compared with other parts of the U.S. economy as the recovery from the Great Recession heads toward its seventh year and share prices across the board reach relatively high levels.

"Technology stocks have been buoyed by good earnings and still have some way to go, given that that they represent a growth sector as the economic cycle matures," Russ Koesterich, global chief investment strategist for investment management giant Blackrock Inc., said in a note Monday.

One thing going in their favor, he wrote, is cash.

Just four companies   Apple, Google, Cisco Systems Inc. and Microsoft Corp., all Nasdaq components  have more than $360 billion in cash and marketable securities on their balance sheets, almost a quarter of the total of corporate cash reserves in the U.S. Yahoo's core business may be even worse than people realize Yahoo's business may be weaker than people realize.

Yahoo shareholder Eric Jackson believes Yahoo is only earning $190 million in annual EBITDA, or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. EBITDA serves a way to gauge the operating profitability of a business. Jackson arrived at that number after digging through the company's SEC filings.

Analysts are expecting Yahoo to earn $1.1 billion in EBITDA, but much of that will come from "temporary high-margin revenue" says Jackson. If you back out these one-time items and examine the core business, Jackson says the company is only doing $190 million in EBITDA, which is roughly the size of AOL.

We'll get to how he got his number in a second, but here's why it matters to Jackson.

He believes the $1.1 billion of EBITDA disguises the true state of Yahoo's business. He thinks it's not as healthy as people think. He thinks Yahoo needs to cut headcount. But, because people aren't seeing the true state of the business, they don't understand why he thinks Yahoo needs to trim staff.

Here's Jackson:

Of course, I have long argued that Yahoo s core business is obscenely over-staffed. Not just a little, but a lot. I agree with Marc Andreessen's advice to Marissa Mayer back in 2012 that she should immediately let go of 10,000 people. Although Yahoo reports in their 10-K that they have 12,500  full time and fixed term contractors,  they never state how many  variable term contractors  they employ. Yahoo has played this game long before Mayer showed up as CEO, but she has carried on the tradition with a vengeance. I believe there could be up to another 6,000  variable term contractors  that Yahoo employs around the world. For a core business that s only  really  pumping out $190 million a year in EBITDA on a regular basis, that s way too many.

Here's how Jackson gets to the $190 million in EBITDA:

In 2012, when Yahoo sold its stake in Alibaba, it entered something called a "TIPLA agreement" which is worth $550 million. That money was paid over time, and there is $199 million to be recognized this year.

Yahoo sold some patents to Alibaba and Yahoo Japan last year which will net $80-$90 million in extra EBITDA.

Yahoo Japan revenue to Yahoo through royalties/other deals is ~$253 million .

Subtract that from the estimated $1.12 billion in estimated EBITDA, and you have $590 million.

Jackson says stock based compensation is rolled into Yahoo's EBITDA. While this is common, it's not particularly helpful for measuring the health of the core business. Yahoo has $400 million in stock based costs. If you back those out, you get to $190 million.

Read Jackson's full analysis at Forbes > The Holographic Smartphone Display Is Real, and It's Awesome (Photo: Star Wars/Lucasfilm)

BARCELONA, Spain     Help me, Obi-wan Kenobi. You re my only hope. 

Ever since R2-D2 beamed out a tiny hologram of Princess Leia in Star Wars, 3D projection has been a pop culture mainstay and the dream of many a techie.

If one company has its way, your next smartphone, tablet, or smartwatch could be just as capable as everyone s favorite droid.

Silicon Valley-based company Leia (yes, like the princess) is developing a technology that gives any LCD display the ability to generate 3D holographic images. It showed off a public prototype of its screens for the first time at Mobile World Congress.

While Leia s holographs won t be projected like the hologram of Leia in Star Wars, they will offer a true sense of depth and be viewable from up to 64 different angles without any special glasses. A 3D movie, on the other hand, can only be seen from one angle.

As an example of what the tech can do, you ll be able to open Google Maps on your smartphone, zoom in on the Empire State Building, and move your head around it to see every side of the tower in 3D, as if it s actually right in front of you.

Similarly, you and your friend could be looking at the same image, but if you re standing in front of it, you ll only see its front, while your friend standing on your right will only see the object s right side.

The technology works by augmenting the direction of light coming out of an LCD display. Your typical LCD, like the one used on the iPhone, has two layers: a backlight that produces light and a second panel that guides that light.

Leia s technology, however, replaces the light-guiding panel with its own panel, which directs light in very precise directions. It s this ability to direct light in such an exact way that creates the holographic effect.

But not just any image can be seen as a hologram. Leia actually takes 64 photos of a single object viewed at a slightly different angle and combines them into one picture.

Viewed on a computer screen, the completed image looks like a jumbled mess, with each of the 64 photos stacked on top of each other.

When pushed through Leia s panel, though, the light from each photo is directed in such a way that each image appears next to each other in a specific order. So instead of having 64 shots of the Empire State Building on top of each other, you have a perfect 3D 360-degree image of the tower.

Read More Nasdaq dogs: Cisco, Sirius and Yahoo got left behind The Nasdaq is back at levels it last hit in those glory days of March 2000.

That's great news for anyone who really took the lonnnnng view and held on to Nasdaq stocks for the past 15 years.

It's even better if you were lucky enough to own some of the index's biggest winners, such as beverage companies Monster (MNST) and Keurig (GMCR), agricultural equipment retailer Tractor Supply (TSCO), biotech Gilead Sciences (GILD) and that little tech firm called Apple (AAPL, Tech30).

Related: Apple stock is making regular Americans rich

But there are some prominent Nasdaq stocks that have no reason to be celebrating the return of Nasdaq 5,000 on Monday.

They are still WAY below the prices they fetched back in the days when Cisco (CSCO, Tech30) ruled the tech world ... and Sisq  ruled the airwaves with that silly (but insanely catchy) "Thong Song."

Waiting for a full recovery: Cisco, in fact, is among the Nasdaq's bigger dogs of the past 15 years. Shares are more than 56% below their March 10, 2000 closing price. That was the day the Nasdaq had its record close.

To be fair, Cisco is a much healthier company today than in 2000. It is now one of 30 companies in the Dow and has successfully moved into new markets like video, security and cloud software.

In February 2000, Cisco reported quarterly sales of $4.35 billion and a profit of $825 million. It had $4 billion in cash. (Or "caysh" if you pronounce it like CEO John Chambers ... who was there in 2000 and is still CEO today.)

Last month, Cisco reported sales of $11.9 billion and earnings of $2.4 billion. And it is now sitting on $53 billion in cash.

Related: Keep track of Cisco and other stocks in CNNMoney's Tech30 index

Cisco was just overvalued back in 2000. Plain and simple.

Several other blue chip techs are nowhere near their March 2000 prices. But like Cisco, they are stronger companies now.

Chip leaders Intel (INTC, Tech30), Texas Instruments (TXN) and Micron (MU), which are all more than 35% from their March 2000 levels, are in that camp. Could they ever make up all the ground they lost since 2000? It's possible.

You cannot be Sirius! Then there are several other younger companies that may never get back to the levels they were at in 2000.

Satellite radio firm Sirius XM (SIRI) is more than 90% below where it traded at 15 years ago. That was before Sirius and XM merged.

The good news is that Sirius is profitable and sales are growing. It also survived a near death experience.

Things looked bleak for Sirius back during the Great Recession. The stock was trading for just a nickel a share at its low point in early 2009. It's now all the way back to $4 -- an amazing return.

Related: The biggest dot-com flops

And even though it still faces threats from traditional radio as well as streaming services like Pandora and Spotify, Sirius has done a great job of tying its fortunes to the auto market.

But there aren't enough cars -- and Howard Stern fans driving them -- on the planet to get the company back to where it was in 2000.

Startups have grown up but still haven't caught up. Akamai (AKAM) and Broadcom (BRCM) both went public in the late 1990s and got swept up in tech stock euphoria.

The valuations were insane since they were unproven companies 15 years ago. Both are now profitable and generating billions in sales a year.

Akamai is a leader in web content delivery and a perennial takeover candidate. Broadcom develops wireless chips and, like many other companies. is moving aggressively into the Internet of Things/connected devices market.

But they are each more than 70% below the prices they traded at in 2000.

Yahoo still searching for the right plan. Finally, there is Yahoo (YHOO, Tech30). It trades more than 50% below its March 2000 level.

The company has changed a lot since then. It has had eight CEOs in the past 15 years. It's the Silicon Valley equivalent of the Bronx Zoo era New York Yankees in the 1970s and 1980s.

Even though current CEO Marissa Mayer seems to have the right formula in place to fix Yahoo with a focus on mobile content, the company is still stuck in the turnaround mode it has been in for years.

Related: Why this tech party isn't like 1999

Revenues have fallen in five of the past six years. And in the one year they weren't down, they were merely flat.

Related: Yahoo through the years

Yahoo just celebrated its 20th anniversary. For it to thrive during the next 20, it's going to need to find a way to steal more digital ad sales from Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and Facebook (FB, Tech30).

Otherwise, it will be forever destined to remain on lists about tech stocks that have yet to fully recover from the 2000 implosion.

You tell us: How would you invest $1,000? Lenovo's Vibe Shot Is a Smartphone With the Soul of a Point-and-Shoot Camera The point-and-shoot camera is dying, and you know why: smartphones. They are the best way to snap quick photos, because you always have your phone with you.

But for those who still want some of the functionality of a standalone camera without having to carry an extra device, there s this new thing: Lenovo s Vibe Shot.



A two-in-one device, the Vibe is essentially a full-on point-and-shoot camera with the screen and brains of a smartphone. The back of the handset is even designed to look like a point-and-shoot.

The Vibe s 16-megapixel camera has a six-piece modular lens and a low-light image sensor that helps when taking photos at night or in a dimly lit room. There s also a tricolor flash that Lenovo says helps the camera automatically adjust photo luminosity based on the type of light in which you re shooting.



Smart and Pro shooting modes let you decide whether you want the camera to adjust image quality or if you want to take the reins and control everything from ISO to white balance. Switching between the two modes is extremely easy thanks to the toggle button situated just above the shutter button.

Adding to the Vibe s camera quality is its optical image stabilization feature, which physically moves the camera s lens to eliminate blurring caused by your hand shaking or just general motion.

Outside of its photo capabilities, the Vibe Shot is a standard midrange smartphone. It s got a 5-inch, 1080p display, runs on Google s Android 5.0 Lollipop, and offers 32 GB of storage with the option to expand that by 128 GB via the phone s microSD card slot.

The Vibe Shot has an 8-megapixel front-facing camera for taking selfies, too.

Lenovo isn t the first smartphone maker to go heavy on the camera capabilities. Samsung s Galaxy S4 Zoom and Galaxy K Zoom were both essentially cameras with smartphones attached to them.

The problem with those devices was that they weren t exactly conducive to everyday use because their large lenses made them exceedingly thick. The Vibe Shot, on the other hand, manages to keep the same slim profile of your average smartphone.

Lenovo hasn t said whether it will be bringing the Vibe Shot to the U.S., though it s highly unlikely considering that the company tends to keep its phones away from our shores.

We never get to have any fun.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-06-30
The 10-man rotation, starring the NBA's insane free agency shopping spree On the "Supermarket Sweep" episode of "Laverne & Shirley," Laverne (Penny Marshall) and Shirley (Cindy Williams) win free shopping time. (American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.)

A look around the league and the Web that covers it. It's also important to note that the rotation order and starting nods aren't always listed in order of importance. That's for you, dear reader, to figure out.

C: The Triangle and SB Nation. Zach Lowe identifies eight major questions we're about to see answered in free agency, and Tom Ziller ranks every last flippin' free agent available or theoretically available, from No. 1 to No. 179.

PF: The Cauldron. Jared Dubin with a nice-and-quick look at every team's top questions/concerns/issues of note entering free agency.

SF: The Miami Herald. Late on this, but I really enjoye Dan Le Batard on the parry and thrust of the LeBron James/David Blatt storyline, and how James' return to Cleveland has been and continues to be about subverting the traditional NBA power structure: "A coach yells at a player, that s the job. A player yells at a coach, that s disrespectful. But only if you insist on holding on to old constructs."

SG: Nylon Calculus. A plus-minus-and-salary-based statistical look comparing how NBA teams value players who perform on offense and those who perform on defense. The takeaway: you can typically find impact defenders cheaper than impact scorers.

PG: Sports Illustrated. Lee Jenkins on Stephen Curry, which is really I need to say.

6th: The Toronto Star. Bruce Arthur talks with Steve Nash about the NBA Finals and the experience of watching the style with which he helped change the NBA finally win the game's highest prize.

7th: The Starters. Trey Kerby continues his wonderful tradition of assigning nicknames to all 60 draftees, and I'm deeply into "Satnam Claus."

8th: Memphis Commercial-Appeal ($). If you're looking for a comprehensive perspective on the state of the Memphis Grizzlies after the draft and before the start of free agency, you need look no further than Chris Herrington's Pick and Pop.

9th: NetsDaily. Twenty years removed from Kevin Garnett's preps-to-pros leap and 10 years after Commissioner David Stern instituted an age minimum for entering the NBA draft, Brian Fleurantin takes a look back at the consequences, intended and otherwise, of the "one-and-done" system.

10th: The Oklahoman. Jenni Carlson profiles Amanda Green of the Oklahoma City Thunder, one of the highest-ranking female front-office employees in the NBA.

- - - - - - -

Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter!

Follow @YourManDevine

Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow BDL's Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more. Here's How to Get Apple Music on Your iPhone or iPad Apple Music is finally here, folks. And with it comes Apple s library of more than 30 million songs (including Taylor Swift s albums), Apple s new Beats 1 radio, and a ton of other cool features.

Right now Apple Music is available for the iPhone and iPad, but it should be coming to the PC and Mac anytime now. (The desktop app was unavailable as this article was being prepared.) An Android version will be available sometime this fall.

Not sure how to get the Apple Music app? Here s what to do.

Apple Music comes with the latest version of Apple s iOS operating system, otherwise known as version 8.4. That s the software your iPhone and iPad runs on.



To get the update:



1. Open the Settings app, tap General, and select Software Update.

2. The Software Update page will then give you the option to download iOS 8.4. Press Download and Install.



3. Press Agree when the Terms and Conditions page pops up, and let the update download and install.

4. Your iPhone or iPad will then automatically restart. When it comes back to life, you ll see the Music icon at the bottom of the screen. Tap it to open the app.

Read More Eugenie Bouchard gets violation for wearing black sports bra Eugenie Bouchard of Canada leaves the court after losing to Ying-Ying Duan of China in the singles first round match at the All England Lawn Tennis Championships in Wimbledon, London, Tuesday June 30, 2015. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin)

Eugenie Bouchard basically followed the Wimbledon dress code on Tuesday. She wore a white dress over a white sports bra and stood in white tennis shoes.

But the 21-year-old Canadian also wore a black sports bra underneath the white sports bra, and there's no getting a small detail like that past the notoriously-strict All England Club.

The straps of the black bra barely peaked out on her shoulder blades, and that was enough for chair umpire to slap the 2014 runner-up with a dress-code violation. The rules were updated in 2014 to clarify that:

 white does not include off-white or cream  and allowing only  a single trim of color no wider than one centimeter.  The almost-all-white rule now explicitly covers caps, headbands, bandannas, wristbands, shoes and even  any undergarments that either are or can be visible during play (including due to perspiration). 

The club doesn't turn a blind eye for anyone: Roger Federer was banned from wearing tennis shoes with an orange sole in 2013.

Wimbledon charging Bouchard for wearing a coloured bra, hmm. pic.twitter.com/HFPvCnVW02   Georgie (@FutbolSloth) June 30, 2015

The violation was the least of Bouchard's worries on Tuesday, as the 12th-seed lost to Chinese qualifier Duan Ying-Ying in straight sets.

______________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook.





 Meet the real Rahul Yadav: I found him 'rocking it' in his Mumbai office  10 Worst Tech Stocks in the S&P 500 This Year  
2015-06-08
Apple seizing big opportunities, even if music appears confused Apple (AAPL) on Monday laid out its software road map for the next year across its computers, phones and watches. Highlighted by a new subscription music service, the occasionally uneven 2-1/2 hour presentation lacked the big bang of some of Apple's new product announcements and more focused keynotes of the Steve Jobs era.



None of the features or products announced had much immediate impact on investors' views of the company. Apple shares, which have been stuck in a narrow trading range for months, were down 0.5% to $128.02 as the keynote presentation in San Francisco ended.



That's not surprising. Improving the virtual digital assistant Siri, adding mass transit directions to the Maps app and creating a split screen view to see two apps at once on an iPad screen are all the kinds of small improvements that delight users, but don't change Apple's bottom line much right away. Some resembled copies of great features from Google (GOOGL) or Microsoft (MSFT) but those tweaks, and many others discussed, demonstrate that Apple is still iterating to improve its products, a key strength in its decade-long run of success.



Amid all of the many, many tweaks and minor improvements, several larger points should also emerge as the keynote fog clears.



1. Big opportunities



Two of Apple's newest and most promising products, Apple Pay and the Apple Watch, got major improvements likely to attract more users and expand the company's ecosystem in years to come. Both the watch and the payments service have the potential to make a significant impact even on Apple's already massive bottom line. That's because even if only 10% or 20% of iPhone users buy a watch or use Apple Pay, the dollars will add up quickly. With some 500 million or more iPhones in use, 50 million watches could bring in $25 billion of high-margin sales. And 50 million people using Apple Pay would cement Apple's lead in the fast-growing mobile payments market that could reach $700 billion by 2018, according to Juniper Research.



For the watch, Apple as expected announced a major improvement for third-party apps. Outside developers will soon be able to create apps that actually run on the watch (not just on a linked iPhone) and access the watch's sensors. That should make apps much faster and more capable, helping kick off the kind of positive feedback loop that boosted the iPhone -- better apps bring more users, who attract even more developers and so on.



For Apple Pay, Apple agreed to allow retailers like Kohl's (KSS) or Starbucks (SBUX) to integrate their loyalty rewards programs into the iPhone's mobile payments app. That will give customers a much bigger incentive to pay with Apple's service than before. Earning, tracking and spending rewards points can be tedious and complicated, but with Apple Pay the programs automatically just work with each transaction.





























[Get the Latest Market Data and News with the Yahoo Finance App]

2. Using large resources



Apple is now sounding more like the world's largest tech company, with the resources to cover the full spectrum of promising markets. The keynote included further plans for Apple to integrate its ecosystem into cars and homes, for example. These areas are small today but have the potential to become huge as part of the growing "Internet of Things."



Apple's early efforts are low key -- providing software to help carmakers and third-party home security and control device manufacturers. But as Apple learns what consumers want and how best to serve those needs, the company will be well-positioned to make its own foray into the hardware side.



After all, "the car is the ultimate mobile device," Senior Vice President Jeff Williams quipped at last month's Recode conference when he was asked about Apple's rumored interest.



3. State of confusion



On the other hand, Apple may be reaching a point of confusion and loss of focus, to some degree, resembling the years before Steve Jobs rejoined the company. The presentation for the new Apple Music was rambling and hard to follow at times. Jimmy Iovine, the longtime music exec who joined Apple as part of the Beats acquisition in 2014, seemed uncomfortable and wooden explaining why the company developed yet another music service.



And the service itself seemed to lack several critical elements of popular platforms like Spotify -- users can't share or swap their playlists. A new 24-hour global Internet radio service, called Beats One, seemed more appealing to music artists than to regular music lovers. Overall, the service reeked of the top-down, out-of-touch introduction of Jay Z's competing offering, Tidal. It's good that Apple has the resources to create new services on such a vast scale now, but the company also must keep in mind a key strength of the past decade: knowing when to say no.

































(Update: This story was corrected on June 9, 2015. Apple's stock price after the WWDC presentation was $128.02, not $182.02) 
2015-06-05
Cantor Weighs In On Two Internet Giants: Facebook Inc, (FB), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef Squali is weighing in today on the social networking giant Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and internet search giant Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

Facebook Inc

Instagram announced Tuesday in a blogpost that it would open the Instagram feed to all advertisers, from the local tattoo parlor to global food makers, later this year. Marketers will be able to target ads to the service s 300 million users by interest, age, gender and other factors, just as they can on Facebook.

Squali commented:  We view this news as an incremental positive for Facebook, as it signals more aggressive monetization of the 300+M user platform, well before the 1 billion user monetization threshold management has talked about previously. 

The analyst rates Facebook shares a Buy, with a price target of $92, which represents a potential upside of 12% from where the stock is currently trading.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Youssef Squali has a total average return of 24.9% and a 74.6% success rate. Squali has a 55.8% average return when recommending FB, and is ranked #4 out of 3610 analysts.

Yahoo! Inc.

The NFL announced Wednesday that Yahoo has won the bid to live stream this season s London game between the Jaguars and Bills by agreeing to pay the NFL at least $20M for the exclusive digital rights, according to Re/code.

Squali commented,  We view this test favorably for global Internet media properties in general, since they are ideally positioned to deliver live sports/events to global audiences at scale. Importantly, these global audiences have been mostly untapped to date, as rights have historically gone to relatively smaller and more fragmented domestic traditional media companies. 

In addition, Yahoo has partnered with a host of third-party companies to support display and video advertising on Yahoo owned-and-operated properties, as well as media purchased across its programmatic buying platform., according to recent MediaPost article.

The analyst noted,  We view this move toward enhanced viewability and fraud verification as a positive for online advertising as a whole, since it enhances trust, visibility, and ROI for advertisers. We also view this as an incremental positive for comScore, a key purveyor of such information/tools, to both advertisers and publishers alike. 

The analyst rates YHOO stock a Buy, with a price target of $70, which represents a potential upside of 63% from where the stock is currently trading.

Out of the 36 analysts polled by TipRanks, 22 rate Yahoo! stock a Buy, while 14 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 28.74%, the stock s 12-month consensus target price stands at $55.23. 
2015-02-06
These are America's most powerful female CEOs These are America's most powerful female CEOs















































































Photo: Daniel Acker, Bloomberg Image 1 of / 21 Caption Close Image 1 of 21 20. Mary Wilderotter Frontier Communications Corp.

Market cap: $6.7 billion | Headquarters: Stamford, Connecticut 20. Mary Wilderotter Frontier Communications Corp.

Market cap: $6.7 billion | Headquarters: Stamford, Connecticut Photo: Daniel Acker, Bloomberg Image 2 of 21 19. Gracia Martore Gannett Co.

Market cap: $7.3 billion | Headquarters: McLean, Virginia 19. Gracia Martore Gannett Co.

Market cap: $7.3 billion | Headquarters: McLean, Virginia Photo: Laura Cavanaugh, Getty Images Image 3 of 21 18. Mary Dillon Ulta Salon Cosmetics & Fragrances

Market cap $8.7 billion | Headquarters: Bolingbrook, Illinois 18. Mary Dillon Ulta Salon Cosmetics & Fragrances

Market cap $8.7 billion | Headquarters: Bolingbrook, Illinois Photo: Slaven Vlasic, Getty Images Image 4 of 21 17. Denise Morrison Campbell Soup Co.

Market cap: $14.6 billion | Headquarters: Camden, New Jersey 17. Denise Morrison Campbell Soup Co.

Market cap: $14.6 billion | Headquarters: Camden, New Jersey Photo: Lindsay Niegelberg Image 5 of 21 16. Ursula Burns Xerox Corporation

Market cap: $15.5 billion | Headquarters: Norwalk, Connecticut 16. Ursula Burns Xerox Corporation

Market cap: $15.5 billion | Headquarters: Norwalk, Connecticut Photo: Andrew Harrer, Bloomberg Image 6 of 21 15. Barbara Rentler Ross Stores

Market cap: $19.5 billion | Headquarters: Dublin 15. Barbara Rentler Ross Stores

Market cap: $19.5 billion | Headquarters: Dublin Photo: Noah Berger, Bloomberg Image 7 of 21 14. Margaret Keane Synchrony Financial

Market cap: $26 billion | Headquarters: Stamford, Connecticut 14. Margaret Keane Synchrony Financial

Market cap: $26 billion | Headquarters: Stamford, Connecticut Photo: Alexander Soule Image 8 of 21 13. Debra Reed Sempra Energy

Market cap: $28.3 billion | Headquarters: San Diego 13. Debra Reed Sempra Energy

Market cap: $28.3 billion | Headquarters: San Diego Photo: Isaac Brekken Image 9 of 21 12. Susan Cameron Reynolds American Inc.

Market cap: $37 billion | Headquarters: Winston-Salem, North Carolina 12. Susan Cameron Reynolds American Inc.

Market cap: $37 billion | Headquarters: Winston-Salem, North Carolina Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 10 of 21 11. Marissa Mayer Yahoo Inc.

Market cap: $41.4 billion | Headquarters: Sunnyvale 11. Marissa Mayer Yahoo Inc.

Market cap: $41.4 billion | Headquarters: Sunnyvale Photo: Lionel Cironneau, Associated Press Image 11 of 21 10. Carol Meyrowitz TJX Companies

Market cap: $46.6 billion | Headquarters: Framingham, Massachusetts 10. Carol Meyrowitz TJX Companies

Market cap: $46.6 billion | Headquarters: Framingham, Massachusetts Photo: Boston Globe, Boston Globe Via Getty Images Image 12 of 21 9. Mary Barra General Motors

Market cap: $53.3 billion | Headquarters: Detroit 9. Mary Barra General Motors

Market cap: $53.3 billion | Headquarters: Detroit Photo: Mark Lennihan, Associated Press Image 13 of 21 8. Irene Rosenfeld Mondelez International Corp.

Market cap: $60 billion | Headquarters: Deerfield, Illinois 8. Irene Rosenfeld Mondelez International Corp.

Market cap: $60 billion | Headquarters: Deerfield, Illinois Photo: Mario Tama, Getty Images Image 14 of 21 7. Marillyn Hewson Lockheed Martin

Market cap: $60.8 billion | Headquarters: Bethesda, Maryland 7. Marillyn Hewson Lockheed Martin

Market cap: $60.8 billion | Headquarters: Bethesda, Maryland Photo: CARL COURT, AFP/Getty Images Image 15 of 21 6. Lynn Good Duke Energy Corporation

Market cap: $63.2 billion | Headquarters: Charlotte, North Carolina 6. Lynn Good Duke Energy Corporation

Market cap: $63.2 billion | Headquarters: Charlotte, North Carolina Photo: John Moore, Getty Images Image 16 of 21 5. Ellen Kullman E I du Pont de Nemours & Company

Market cap: $65.9 billion | Headquarters: Wilmington, Delaware 5. Ellen Kullman E I du Pont de Nemours & Company

Market cap: $65.9 billion | Headquarters: Wilmington, Delaware Photo: Mark Lennihan, Associated Press Image 17 of 21 4. Meg Whitman Hewlett-Packard Co.

Market cap: $69.2 billion | Headquarters: Palo Alto 4. Meg Whitman Hewlett-Packard Co.

Market cap: $69.2 billion | Headquarters: Palo Alto Photo: Paul Sakuma, Associated Press Image 18 of 21 3. Indra Nooyi PepsiCo Inc.

Market cap: $143.7 billion | Headquarters: Purchase, New York 3. Indra Nooyi PepsiCo Inc.

Market cap: $143.7 billion | Headquarters: Purchase, New York Photo: Graham Crouch, Bloomberg Image 19 of 21 2. Virginia Rometty IBM

Market cap: $153.9 billion | Headquarters: Armonk, New York 2. Virginia Rometty IBM

Market cap: $153.9 billion | Headquarters: Armonk, New York Photo: IBM, Associated Press Image 20 of 21 1. Safra Catz Oracle Corporation

Market cap: $188.2 billion | Headquarters: Redwood City 1. Safra Catz Oracle Corporation

Market cap: $188.2 billion | Headquarters: Redwood City Photo: Walter Hinick, Associated Press Image 21 of 21 These are America's most powerful female CEOs 1 / 21 Back to Gallery

Men hold the reins at most of America's big businesses.

About 95 percent of the country's largest public companies, by market cap, are led by men, according to a recent report by PassFail. The largest company with a female chief executive is Oracle, which has a $188.2 billion market cap. The company is led by Safra Catz   who shares the CEO position with Mark Hurd. IBM is the largest company led solely by a woman.

Take a look at 20 of the largest companies with female CEOs above.

Several of those female CEOs were appointed in the last year. They include Catz, Barbara Rentler of Ross Stores, Margaret Keane of Synchrony Financial, Mary Barra of General Motors and Susan Cameron, who came out of retirement to lead Reynolds American. Only two of the companies, IBM and General Motors, have seen their stock dip in the past 12 months.

Women have a higher percentage share of management positions in the U.S. than most countries, according to a recent survey from the International Labour Office. The survey ranked 126 countries, although it did not differentiate between CEOs and other managers. The U.S. came in 15th, with 42.7 percent of management spots held by women. 
2015-09-10
Dear Yahoo And Twitter Management: When You Don't Do What's Expected, It's Not ... Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) were lower by 0.35 percent mid-Thursday, underperforming the Nasdaq Index, which was higher by 1.14 percent. Shares of Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) were higher by nearly 2 percent. Investors continue to question if Yahoo's management can effectively spin off its Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) stake tax-free, while Twitter investors still have no clarity on Twitter's top management position. TD Ameritrade's JJ Kinahan said Yahoo is a "less desirable" company, while Twitter's silence on its CEO search is not a "great sign."

Speaking to Benzinga, TD Ameritrade's Chief Strategist JJ Kinahan commented on Yahoo's proposed tax-free spin of Alibaba, noting that the situation is "very complex." Appropriately, the stock is trading not far removed from its 52-week low of $29.00.

Kinahan continued that any time a company is involved in a complex situation that requires the use of many lawyers and experts, it makes the company "less desirable" given the uncertainty over the final outcome while simultaneously forcing management to allocate focus, talent and capital away from running the core business.

With confidence in the stock and business outlook already low, Kinahan pointed out that Yahoo's management is now forced to focus away from "where they should be focusing."

Related Link: Cantor Shines Light On Yahoo, Alibaba Following IRS Rejection Of Private Letter Ruling

No Update From Twitter

Speaking of management, Twitter was highly rumored to come out of the long weekend with a much anticipated update to its CEO search. Kinahan stated that the company hasn't exactly utilized a "textbook" approach to its CEO search.

Kinahan further pointed out that Twitter's stock is now trading off its IPO price, implying the Street is screaming the company could have "handled things better."

"When you don't do what's expected, it's usually not a great sign," Kinahan concluded.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Latest Ratings for BABA Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Jan 2017 Bernstein Initiates Coverage On Outperform Jan 2017 Standpoint Research Upgrades Hold Accumulate View More Analyst Ratings for BABA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Alibaba Spin JJ Kinahan TD AmeritradeAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)'s Tax Struggles In Alibaba Spin-Off Continue It s not yet certain whether the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will go along with Yahoo s plans to spin-off its Alibaba shares into a separate company but Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) investors appear uncertain about Yahoo s tax-saving stratagems. Yahoo shares have lost 30 percent since May as the maneuvers continue and Yahoo recently announced that the IRS declined to issue a ruling on its request.

Tax saving plans are not a political football yet as the U.S. economy is doing reasonably well at the moment with unemployment and inflation under control. Last time the U.S. Congress was interested in companies avoiding taxes, it targeted large companies such as Apple and General Electric (GE) who prefer to keep their substantial export earnings abroad rather then bring the money into the U.S. and pay a high rate of tax.

There s no longer any urgency in either Congress or the Obama administration about what to do regarding the cash stashed abroad by companies including Apple. If Yahoo moves quickly, it is likely to win IRS approval in the normal course of things. The financial doldrums of 2008 are a distant memory now and politicians fighting to be the next President are unlikely to make too much of an issue of money kept abroad and in any case, Yahoo is now a relatively minor player.

As Marissa Mayer executes her turnaround strategy for Yahoo while also being in the news as a rare woman CEO balancing the twin roles of mother and corporate professional, Yahoo s bigger challenges are to do with growing its revenue steams in mobile video advertising and getting more eyeballs to the Yahoo portal with its attempts to transform as an online provider of news, entertainment, technology and sports content.

Investors have already factored in the likelihood of Yahoo facing a tax bill and Yahoo s focus can be along the lines of growing as a search engine provider   perhaps by aligning with the likes of Apple to dislodge Google as the default search engine on Safari   just as it has dislodged Google from that position in Firefox. Russia Lifts Yahoo Ban After Islamic State Video Is Deleted Russia removed a Yahoo! Inc. page from its registry of prohibited sites after the company took down an Islamic State video, the country s communications watchdog said on Twitter.

Roskomnadzor, as the regulator is known, had blocked the page, which was deemed extremist, after the company didn t respond to requests to remove it, spokesman Vadim Ampelonskiy said on Thursday by phone in Moscow. That may have prevented Russian users from accessing Yahoo s entire site, because the company uses the secure https protocol, which doesn t allow individual pages to be blocked.

 Once we were made aware of the video, we removed it as we determined that it was content incompatible with our editorial policies,  Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo said in a statement.

Russian President Vladimir Putin has been tightening his grip over the Internet amid recent tensions with the U.S. He s allowed the blocking of websites without a court decision, made bloggers with more than 3,000 readers liable for what they publish, and urged foreign Internet firms to store Russian users  personal data locally.

Last month, Wikipedia was blocked by several regional Internet providers in Russia at the request of Roskomnadzor after an article in the online encyclopedia about an illegal drug failed to comply with local laws. Access was restored after the article was edited.

Roskomnadzor has the power to prohibit access to Internet pages that advocate drug use, suicide or extremism, according to Russian laws. The country has previously temporarily shut access to news site Reddit and Google Inc. s service. NYU Professor: Yahoo CEO Has Job Because She's Pregnant NYU Professor: Yahoo CEO Has Job Because She s Pregnant

By Emily Neuberger

NYU Professor Scott Galloway went on the record saying Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is the  most overpaid CEO in history. 

On September 9, Galloway (who teaches marketing at NYU Stern School of Business) was a guest on Bloomberg Surveillance. He also said it was time Yahoo was  euthanized , and that it would fare better under the government of Microsoft.

Because Galloway felt that people needed his opinion on Mayer s job security, he gave an explanation for that too.  If she hadn t announced she was pregnant with twins, she would be out of a job within six months.  He says that her twins saved her from  death row. 

He adds that her gender also is a factor in her position.  I don t think any board in America right now in technology that s as visible as Yahoo wants to be seen as not leaning in.  I wonder what Sheryl Sandberg would say about that. As a chief operating officer at Facebook, I know she has plenty to say about gender equality in technology.

Marissa Mayer is the highest paid female CEO, clocking in $42 million last year. She is the 13th highest paid CEO, and the only woman in the top twenty. The highest paid CEO, David M. Zaslav of Discovery Communications, Inc, raked in more than $156 million in 2014.

Thanks, Scott Galloway!

[Image Via] Dawn Airey quits as Yahoo's European boss after two years Former Channel 5, Sky and ITV executive, who is advising the government on BBC charter renewal, will pursue  external opportunities 

Dawn Airey, Yahoo s top European executive, is to leave the company to  pursue external opportunities  after just over two years.

Airey, the former Channel 5, Sky and ITV senior executive who is currently advising the government on BBC charter renewal, has left the company with immediate effect.

Airey, hired in August 2013 after a protracted hunt which took almost a year, held the title senior vice president of Europe, Middle East and Africa.

 We are incredibly grateful to Dawn for her dedication and contributions to Yahoo over the past two years, and for her leadership of this extremely important region,  said a spokeswoman for the US internet giant.

Airey is to be replaced by Nick Hugh, currently general manager of advertising for the EMEA region.

Airey, one of the UK s most experienced media executives, joined Yahoo after several high-profile roles in television, including two stints running Channel 5, as well as posts at ITV and Sky. Apple's Big Fall Event: New iPhones, Bigger iPads, and a Siri-fied Apple TV Every fall, Apple holds a big media event to introduce its latest products, and it s always quite a show. This year s edition was no different, with new iPhones, an improved Apple TV, and a GIANT iPad. Here s a quick recap.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

The biggest news to come out of Apple s event was the debut of the $199 iPhone 6s and $299 6s Plus. Both phones look nearly identical to last year s iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but (like mom always said) it s what s inside that counts.

Read More: Apple Introduces iPhone 6s and 6s Plus with 3D Touch, Live Photos

The new iPhones come with improved 12-megapixel iSight cameras that Apple says will capture cleaner, crisper images compared to the 8-megapixel camera in the iPhone 6. They also have new pressure-sensitive 3D Touch displays, which support some new gestures for interacting with apps and data.

For example, if you get an iMessage with a link to a website, you ll be able to lightly press that link to open the page without ever leaving iMessage.

Apple has also made the phones sturdier   by building them from the same materials as the Apple Watch   so we can finally hope to put Bendgate behind us forever.



With the unveiling of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple is killing off its iPhone 5c and replacing it with the iPhone 5s, which now be free with a two-year contract.

On top of that, Apple has announced a new program through which you can buy an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus through any carrier and pay $32 per month to be eligible to upgrade your iPhone every year.

iPad Pro



After years of speculation, Apple finally came out with a giant iPad Pro. The 12.9-inch tablet packs a massive screen and a stylus (something the late Steve Jobs famously hated).

Read More: Apple Introduces Enormous iPad Pro with Apple Pencil Stylus

Read More Some Game Changing Internet or Social Media Stock News? FB, AMZN, GOOG, YELP ... Large cap Internet or social media stocks Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ: AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL / GOOG) and small caps Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP) and SPYR Inc (OTCMKTS: SPYR) have all had recent news that could potentially alter the balance of power in certain key market segments or niches. We have FB, AMZN, GOOGL/GOOG and YELP (among other names) in our SmallCap Network Elite Opportunity (SCN EO) portfolio due in part to extremely attractive long-term opportunities based on the 8/24/2015 Black Monday selloff. With that in mind, here is some recent news involving these key Internet or social media stocks for investors to digest:

Amazon.com Starts Hot Food Delivery. Amazon.com, which in recent months has rolled out a booking service for handymen, began offering hotel reservations and prepared a competitor to crafts marketplace Etsy Inc (NASDAQ: ETSY), will now begin delivering hot food. The service is only available to customers of the $99 Prime membership and works through Amazon.com s existing one-hour merchandise delivery service, but it will be available only for select Seattle area restaurants (Note: Prime Now, their existing one-hour service, is up and running in some larger US cities like Chicago, Miami and New York). Barclays analyst Christopher Merwin said Amazon s move could also put pressure on others, like GrubHub Inc (NYSE: GRUB):

 It s difficult to gauge how aggressively Amazon will expand into this category; Amazon Fresh was launched in beta in 2007 and some eight years later is still offered in only a handful of markets  The perception of escalating competition in online food delivery   particularly from a deep-pocketed entrant like Amazon   will continue to weigh on GRUB shares. 

Google to Begin Delivering Groceries. Google will start testing a delivery service for fresh food and groceries in San Francisco and another city with Whole Foods Market, Inc (NASDAQ: WFM) and Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST) being among the company s partners for the new service. Google is investing in delivery services for homes and businesses as it seeks to lure more traffic to its websites plus online groceries are a $10.9 billion industry in the US and the market is expected to grow 9.6% annually through 2019. Brian Elliott, general manager of Google Express, had this to say:

"For a lot of our merchants that have been successful with this, we re not representing the whole store today. It s in our incentive, as well as the merchant s incentive, for us to help customers get the full store delivered to them."

Facebook & Google Dominate US App Use. Fortune has noted that in the US, the two most popular apps are Facebook and Facebook Messenger (FB has four apps in the top ten), but Google also accounts for five of the top 10 apps. On the other hand, Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) had no apps in the US top ten, though the Apple Maps was #11 on comScore s list. On the other hand, it earned two spots on App Annie s top ten global list with its Find my iPhone and iTunes U apps.

Is Facebook a Threat to Yelp? On Tuesday, Facebook unveiled a few design tweaks to its pages for small businesses in order to provide better tools to the 45 million businesses that post content on their Facebook Pages. Facebook noted in a blog post:  With over one billion people visiting Pages every month, people are already turning to Pages to learn more about businesses, and now we re updating Pages to help businesses build mobile presence and communicate with customers more easily.  In an Inc. interview earlier this year, Forbes noted that Yelp Inc chief executive Jeremy Stoppelman had asserted that bigger companies ambitions in his space don t faze him:

 The reality is it s very hard for somebody in a particular core business to go completely outside that business. If I had a dollar for every time someone said,  The new product from Google is going to kill Yelp,   the new product from Facebook is going to kill Yelp    I would be a very happy man if I was getting paid for those headlines. 

Forbes went on to note that Facebook s app is on practically everyone s smartphone while Yelp Inc only has about 35% penetration. In addition, Facebook s messaging system is practically an industry standard while its merchant-friendly design means that business users may invest more in their Facebook presence - seeing it as the best way of gaining business via mobile. On the other hand, Yelp Inc has an edge with consumers who can scan their fellow shoppers  reviews and form impressions about which merchants are trustworthy and which should be avoided.

Yelp Inc Undergoes a Target Price Cut. At the end of last week, Citigroup s Mark May reiterated a Buy rating on small cap Yelp Inc, but cut his target price by $5 to $30. He stated:

 We are updating our model to more accurately account for the company s decision to deemphasize Brand advertising in 2016 as well as for increased sales and marketing spend  Considering Yelp s position as a leading online destination for local business reviews, including on mobile, and considering the importance of content/reviews in influencing (offline) transactions, we believe Yelp is well positioned in this secular growth segment. Unlike some Internet companies, mobile represents a near- and long-term accelerant to Yelp s business, and the company has a significant opportunity outside the U.S. In addition, our analysis suggests that Yelp s TAM is both large and still significantly under-penetrated. Considering those factors as well as the valuation, we assign Yelp a Buy rating. 

SPYR, Inc Adds a New Managing Director of Games and Applications. Small cap holding company SPYR, Inc, who s wholly-owned subsidiary (Franklin Networks, Inc) is involved in digital publishing and advertising operations (including nine online brands: Flawless.com; Entr e.com; Grubbr.com; GuiltyTravel.com; Gladiators.com; Crumb.com; ParentingPad.com; Nutristic.com; and CelebrityHQ.com) and through its wholly-owned subsidiary SPYR APPS, LLC, develops and publishes mobile games and apps, has recently announced its hiring of Paul Thind as SPYR's Managing Director of Games and Applications. Thind will manage the development, marketing, monetization and acquisition of mobile games and applications. Previously, he held CEO, General Manager and interim COO positions in digital game companies and had founded and acted as the CEO of an independent record label. Thind later said:

"At SPYR APPS, LLC, we intend to create a world-class mobile game development and publishing company by working with third-party developers as well as developing our own IP. We are currently in the process of adding the people to our team who will help get us there. We have also identified several new third party games for acquisition or joint venture that we believe will be incredibly successful. By setting a clear business strategy based on producing and publishing high quality games, I hope to create long-term shareholder value. Empowering the business to capitalize on new and exciting games will make SPYR a company that not only embraces change, but also creates it. Through dramatic expansion, procurement of co-development deals, acquisitions and games publishing, we intend to position SPYR APPS for continued success. Our company culture will be based on the Key Performance Indicators and strong analytics-based thinking that I've found to be incredibly successful in the free to play mobile games business. This, along with the creativity of our game designers, producers and developer partners should position SPYR APPS as a major player in the global games and apps market. Of course it all starts with the user, and we will be committed to creating fun experiences for our users to keep them engaged and satisfied."

SmallCap Network Elite Opportunity (SCN EO) has an open position in FB, AMZN, GOOGL, GOOG & YELP. To find out what other open positions SCN EO currently has, and to learn why so many traders and investors are relying on this premium subscription service, click here to find out more. Bramwell's Lunch Beat: BDO Audit Woes, PCAOB Chair's Future, IIA Request  
2015-06-01
Bay Area teacher asks Steph Curry to stay away from his school Steph Curry is one of the most inspirational players in the National Basketball Association. The newly crowned Western Conference champion is a humble leader, a family man, a team player whose work ethic is second-to-none.

It was that work ethic that allowed him to rise from the ranks of the little-known high school player to NBA MVP. And it's that work ethic, and his personification as an every-day guy, that's leading one Bay Area high school teacher to ask Curry to please stay away.

Matt Amaral is a lifelong Warriors fan. He loves the team, and he loves Curry. But given the opportunity to have Curry visit Mt. Eden High School in Hayward, Calif., he says he'd rather not.

"I have to ask you to do me a solid and make sure you don t ever come visit my high school," Amaral writes in a blog post directed to Curry.

"When you get involved in soup kitchens, wrap Christmas presents for needy kids, and build homes for the homeless I am inspired. But where those kinds of civic-minded activities have clear benefits, I have to tell you something you probably haven t heard: Coming to poor high schools like mine isn t going to help any of these kids out, in fact, it might make things worse."

There is no indication that the NBA is actually trying to send Curry or his teammates to the school. Regardless, Amaral hopes the league never will. He goes on to explain his reasoning.

"If you come to my school you will be your usual inspiring, humble, hilarious, kind self and you will say all the right things. ... I mean, you are such an awesome guy, you are a family man with a wife and daughter, with another on the way. ... You are humble, a leader, and clearly our young men need to meet a man like you. Maybe I m wrong to write this letter.

But the reason I don t want you to come has to do with what you won t say...Because the worst thing you won t tell them Steph, is that they can t do it. You won t tell them that will you? You won t be able to bring yourself to tell them it is already too late. ... You see, the kids I am talking about do not play year-round, they are not in a travelling league, and they have never even heard of a McDonald s All-American; they just eat McDonald s two meals a day and have Hot Cheetos in between."

In his school, most of the students don't have back-up plans, he writes. If they meet Curry and believe they, too, can become NBA stars, they'll likely ditch any other options. He wants them to be realistic.

They are already very good at dreaming about being rich and famous, what we need them to do is get a little more realistic about what is in their control. We need less of an emphasis on sports and celebrity in high school, because it is hurting these kids too much as it is.

He's right to say that most kids, if they are not playing a sport by the time they're in high school, have a very small chance of going pro in that sport. While it might sound like he's counting his kids out, he's really just a concerned teacher trying to encourage them to consider all of their options - especially those beyond going pro.

"Steph," he writes, "you and I know they have a better chance of winning the lottery, but no one seems to tell them these things but me."

______________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. Your Netflix Binging May Soon Include Commercial Breaks We interrupt your otherwise enjoyable Monday to announce that, for the first time ever, your tranquil Netflix streaming experience may soon be interrupted by commercials.



According to Cord Cutters News, some Netflix subscribers have recently reported seeing ads before and after shows. Netflix admitted to the publication that it s  always testing new things via the service,  but it would not confirm any plans of furthering the rollout of the apparent ad experiment.

The spokesperson for Netflix, however, did include that when it comes to testing new features,  many   never see a [full] rollout.  So even though some viewers watching Netflix on their Roku, TiVo, or Xbox One were caught by surprise when the start of, say, an episode of Daredevil paused for a short commercial, you may never actually experience this annoyance. That is, at least not until Netflix officially announces some kind of revamped, ad-based subscription model.

Netflix currently offers a basic (non-HD) subscription for $7.99 a month, a standard (HD) subscription for $8.99 a month, and a premium (UHD) option for $11.99 monthly.

If Netflix does add ads, it would hardly be unique among its streaming competitors. For roughly the same monthly cost, Hulu Plus blasts viewers with ads before, during, and after shows. Netflix could conceivably adopt a similar revenue model.

We return you now to your regularly scheduled (and properly ruined) day.

Via: Engadget

*

UPDATE: A Netflix spokesperson told TechCrunch Monday that the new test  ads  some subscribers have been seeing are all promos for original Netflix shows, and that the streaming service is not experimenting with introducing third-party commercials.

 Our policy around ads is unchanged,  the spokesperson explained.  We have no plans to support third-party ad units. 

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook. Sharapova knocked out of Roland Garros She's dominated the French Open in recent years, but Russian star Maria Sharapova will not be hoisting a trophy at the end of this week. The second-seeded defending champion was ousted in the fourth round on Monday morning.

Sharapova fell 7-6, 6-4, to 13th-seeded Lucia Safarova of the Czech Republic.

She looked rankled, coughing throughout the match and never really hitting her stride. An comeback attempt fell short in the second set, as Safarova held serve.

This is her earliest defeat at Roland Garros since 2010, where she has played in the finals each of the last three years. She captured the title in 2012 and 2014. She was runner-up in 2013.

"My opponent had a different gear than I did," she said in her post-match press conference. "I felt like I had small openings, and I just wasn't able to ... play a good few points."

This is the first time Safarova has defeated Sharapova since 2010, in five attempts.

Safarova advances to her first French Open quarterfinal. In singles, has only once advanced to a Grand Slam semifinal, at last year's Wimbledon. (In doubles, she won the Australian Open this year.) She'll face No. 21 Garbine Muguruza of Spain, who defeated Italy's Flavia Pennetta, 6-3, 6-4.

Sharapova, meanwhile, is already looking ahead to the next Grand Slam.

"My opponent was at a much higher level, more consistent than I was, and that resulted in a bad day at the office," she said. "But by the time Wimbledon comes around I know that I will be ready.

Elsewhere on Monday, Roger Federer advanced with a 6-3, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 win over hometown favorite Gael Monfils. The match started on Sunday night but was suspended after the second set due to darkness.

Monfils led 40-love in the first game on Monday, but Federer battled back to break serve. From there, it was lights out. Federer will face Stan Wawrinka in the quarterfinals.

_______________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. Apple Inc. To Replace Google On The iPhone? Here's Why That's Not Crazy Search queries on the iPhone have been powered by Google since the device first launched, but that may not be the case for much longer. The deal between the two companies is set to expire this year, leaving an open door for Yahoo or Microsoft to swoop in and become the default engine on the most popular smartphone in America.

With Apple s Worldwide Developers Conference set to take place later this month, there s a good chance we ll soon learn the tech giant s decision. And like LeBron James  own NBA decisions in 2010 and last summer, Apple s choice is sure to cause huge waves that will be felt across the rest of its industry. Here s how:

Google

Photo: Reuters

No one has more to lose than Google, which holds the luxury of powering search on both iOS and Android, the two most used mobile operating systems in the world. That s a position that gives Google nearly every cent spent on mobile search advertising and access to data on the mobile behavior of most smartphone users on the planet.

Consumers love Google Search, but Apple does not. Its relationship with Apple has changed dramatically since the iPhone first came out in 2007. Back then, the two companies were friends -- at one point, then Google CEO Eric Schmidt served on Apple s board of directors. But then Google launched Android, an iPhone rival, and everything changed. Apple dropped YouTube and Google Maps from its devices as soon as it got a chance, and now, many believe the same will happen to Google Search on Safari.

Any change will cost Google billions of dollars. The search company earned nearly $12 billion in mobile search ads last year, with 75 percent of it coming from Apple devices, according to a recent analysis by Goldman Sachs. That s $9 billion from iPhone searches, and even if the company can get 50 percent of its Apple users to switch back to Google, it d still be losing out on $4.5 billion.

"Google is Apple's biggest competitor, and if you can take $5 billion of revenue away from them and withhold data from your biggest competitor, that's a pretty exciting opportunity," said Adam Epstein, president and chief operating officer of adMarketplace, a search advertising company.

Google sees the writing on the wall and is already preparing for life post-Safari. The company has been busy building up its Google Now service, a virtual concierge that tries to get you answers before you ask questions, and last week, it added app-linking features to search that are only available on the Google app and the Google Chrome browser, an effort to steer iPhone users away from Safari.

Yahoo

Yahoo would desperately love to land the Safari search deal. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer comes from Google and recognizes the significance of search, a market expected to be worth $82 billion in 2015, according to eMarketer.

Late last year, Yahoo usurped Google as the default search engine for the Firefox Web browser, and Mayer has openly stated her desire to land the Safari deal and instantly become a major player in mobile search. Yahoo has placed its hopes of returning to elite tech status on its mobile, social, native and video advertising businesses, or MaVeNS as Mayer calls it, but landing Safari would be a major boon. At the same time, failing to land the deal would be an enormous missed opportunity.

"They're viewing that as a foot in the door," said Noah Klausman, co-founder of Deeplink, a startup that whose technology allows apps to link to one another.  If they don t get that deal, it ll be interesting to see what they do. 

That being said, there is a downside. After becoming the search engine for Firefox last year, Yahoo s search revenue came in worse than before. Paying for the right to power Firefox may have cost more than the ad sales Yahoo was able to generate from the agreement. This could change over time, but paying for the right to power Safari s search will only be more expensive -- some estimate Google pays $1 billion per year for the deal. If Yahoo s Gemini search ad sales team can t yield better results than what it has for Firefox, landing Safari could be costly.

"The Firefox deal is a pretty big loser for Marissa [Mayer]," said one source with ties to Yahoo and others in the search market. "She swallowed a fish and it gave her indigestion. Is she really going to want to swallow a whale?"

Microsoft

Microsoft hates Google, just look at its Scroogle marketing campaign, and has been trying to turn Bing into the Pepsi of Google s Coca-Cola since 2009. Landing Safari would allow Microsoft to severely hinder one of its chief competitors while turning Bing into a search engine with legitimate market share for the first time in its existence.

"The Bing advertising business is a big business and something that [Microsoft has] committed to,  said Roger Barnette, president of digital marketing firm IgnitionOne.

There s plenty of reason to believe Microsoft could land the deal. Bing already powers the search results for Apple s Siri voice assistant and Spotlight, the search feature built into Apple s devices. Adding Safari into the mix would simply be an extension of that, and besides Google, there is no one that does search as well as Microsoft. If Apple cares about quality and user experience, Bing would be the way to go.

But for Microsoft, this is all bonus. While Microsoft would love for Bing to finally flourish, the Redmond, Washington, tech giant doesn t live and die by search advertising. Its core business remains selling Windows and Office subscriptions to companies, and it will survive just fine without Safari.

Apple

For Apple, there s really no way to lose in this situation. The Cupertino, California, tech giant has an excellent opportunity to exercise the full weight of its power on its primary rival, swiftly snatching billions of dollars and vast bits of data right out of Mountain View s hands.

"It would instantly change the landscape of search marketing," said Brook Shepard, general manager of Mason Interactive, a marketing agency. "Google has effectively a monopoly, and if there was someone that could actually threaten them, everyone would benefit."

But Apple won t want to simply change one engine for another that simply. For the iPhone maker, this is an opportunity to both improve its user experience and generate more revenue. If Yahoo and Microsoft want in on Safari, they ll have to pay pretty money and offer Apple a product its users will be happy with.

And then of course, there s the possibility that Apple may go a different route altogether and build its very own search engine. Just in the past month, there have been numerous signs that Apple could be seriously considering an entrance into the search space, with several  Apple Search  job listings, the confirmation of an Apple Web crawling bot like Google s and a report from 9to5Mac that the company wants to build a predictive search service like Google Now called  Proactive. 

With 75 percent of Google s mobile search ad revenue coming from Safari, the iPhone s Web browser is the  crown jewel  of mobile advertising market, said Epstein of adMarketplace. If Apple ever wants to get serious about digital advertising, now would be the time for it to do so. 
2015-11-27
More Difficulties for Marissa Mayer and Yahoo Inc (YHOO) Yahoo Inc ( NASDAQ : YHOO ) s Marissa Mayer once again found herself a target of activist investors, during thanksgiving. Yahoo activists are calling for the ouster of the high-profile CEO   this is coupled with ongoing proxy wars within its board, which is up for re-election. If the board ousts Mayer, she would be the 7th outgoing CEO from Yahoo, since 2007. The firm is also in the news after it hired McKinsey & Co. as consultants to work on cutting costs. It is expected that the firm might let go off its internet business or spin-off its shares in Alibaba Group.

Mayer on the other hand remains undistracted in her efforts in trying to save Yahoo. Recently, she signed a search ad deal with Google. Even though the deal has been delayed until antitrust approval, it is still expected to add greatly to Yahoo s revenues. The deal also eliminates one of the two major competitors of Yahoo in terms of ad-sales. Added to this, the recent Q3 report from the firm also revealed a 43% boost in revenues.

What do the investors have to say?

Starboard is one of the key investors in Yahoo Inc ( NASDAQ : YHOO ). It is also amongst the investor activists. Starboard has voiced concerns about Yahoo s plans to spin-off its shares in Alibaba holdings. Even though the spin-off would add $20 billion to the firm s market cap, the investor believes that Yahoo should instead sell its internet business. Starboard originally wanted the spin-off, but it reversed its stance after the IRS denied tax-free status to the deal. Going forward with the Alibaba spin-off without the tax-free status could result in a $9 billion tax levy on the shareholders of the company.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

An analyst at Sun Trust believes that Mayer is possibly on her way out and that Sheryl Sandberg would make an ideal replacement for the post. He also hinted that there might be some shuffling in the top management as well. Sandberg is currently the COO of Facebook   both Yahoo and Facebook have declined to comment on the possibility of Sandberg replacing Mayer at the helm.

More than a dozen top executives have already left Yahoo this year. This exodus of execs raises questions about the stability of the firm. Hence, Sun Trust believes that Yahoo is an unsuccessful turnaround. The analyst also stated that a new management team might just be what the firm needs to get on the right track.

Now, Yahoo Inc ( NASDAQ : YHOO ) and its CEO stand at a crossroad. They can either go ahead with the Alibaba spin-off and loose investors or they can spin-off the internet business. The first choice here would result in a series of changes in the top-management   It would also mean the ouster of Mayer. The second path will have Mayer give in to investor concerns and let go off a number of core- areas of company business. The later choice would be a difficult one to pick, given that Mayer has been working hard to save the very same business, since the start of her tenure. 
2015-03-25
Salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Headed To $80 A Share: CNBC Fast Money Crew Salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) Shares are tearing the market apart this year at the back of strong trends in the cloud and the enterprise business. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) on the other hand continues to struggle amidst concerns over the kind of impact the upcoming spinoff of stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) will have on the stock. CNBC s contributors Timothy Seymour, Karen Finerman remain long on Yahoo with Pete Najarian and Guy Adami affirming bullish sentiments on salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM).

Salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) is up 14% this year making it a no-brainer as the stock to invest in compared to Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), which is down by 12%. Seymour affirms that the current valuation of Yahoo makes it a better option to invest in as it is cheap also considering the bar is so low for a potential upside rally.

 It probably moved with an EBITDA of 1.2 instead of an EBITDA of 0.7 since Alibaba took a plunge. Tumblr, the core business is starting to pay some dividends Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) saying they are going to do over a $100 million there, the company has said that. The bar is so low that will drive Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), people are expecting nothing from the core. I think this is a perfect time to buy it,  said Mr. Seymour.

Mrs. Finerman is bullish on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), suggesting that Alibaba has found its bottom and could be in for a bounce back after struggling in the recent months, a move that could have a considerable impact on the stock. Some of the other catalysts that could propel Yahoo to new highs include an activist investor getting involved with the stock or Yahoo Japan. It is, however, unclear whether Yahoo will bounce back to the $55 mark as the stock s movement remains closely tied to how Alibaba trades, Mr. Najarian affirms.

Salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) valuation might be a little bit high, but the company continues to enjoy strong demand and growth on its maturing cloud business according to Najarian. The analyst believes salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) could rally to $80 a share on the ongoing growth in service and marketing spaces. Salesforce 33% billings growth year-over-year and ongoing wave in analytics platform makes it a perfect investment when compared to Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), which Mr. Adami believes is dead money.

 I like Yahoo too with Pete but Yahoo is dead money here at $43 can t get out of its own way. salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) has been a great stock over the past three or four years,  said Mr. Adami.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Google Is Working on Airbags    for the Outside of the Car With nearly every major automaker working on autonomous car technology, it won t be too long before we are sharing the road with driverless vehicles.

There s just one question, though: how are companies going to protect you   not to mention the pedestrians   if your super intelligent car decides to go all Maximum Overdrive?

As it turns out, Google has the answer. As Quartz reports, the tech giant was recently awarded a patent for an external airbag that would be deployed during an accident.

According to the patent filing, the airbag would sit on the bumper of one of Google s driverless cars or a manually driven car, and be made of a special  visco-elastic  material that would deform in the event of a collision with a pedestrian.

The patent doesn t go into detail about what the  visto-elastic  material would be made of, but it does mention that the it would slow the impact of the car with the pedestrian.

Google is using a different material for its external airbags, because if it used a standard airbag, the pedestrian stuck by the vehicle would just bounce off and go flying in the opposite direction, which could be more dangerous than being hit by the car in the first place.

As Quartz points out, Volvo is also working on an airbag to protect pedestrians from accidents, but that system is deployed near a car s windshield rather than its bumper.

It seems like the best solution would be to combine both of these systems, and give a vehicle a completely soft front-end. Not only could it save lives, it would also take bumper cars to an entirely new level.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-12-23
Yahoo Settles Ex-Engineer's Sexual Harassment Claims Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Yahoo: An Activist Investment Analysis (YHOO) Starboard Value LP is an activist hedge fund putting pressure on Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) to take drastic measures aimed at unlocking shareholder value. Starboard's activism has been carried out publicly with open letters and privately through meetings with Yahoo's executives and board of directors. Starboard's analysis indicates that Yahoo's market price implies very little perceived value in the company's core Web search and display advertising business, and the activists assert that significant shareholder value can be realized through strategic reorganization of the firm.

Starboard Value LP

Starboard is a hedge fund based in New York City and led by Jeff Smith. The company has operated since 2002 by identifying undervalued public companies and engaging company management and boards of directors, pushing them to implement meaningful strategic pivots. Starboard has also been involved with companies such as Darden Restaurants, Brinks, Advance Auto Parts and Boulder Brands. The fund took an activist role with Yahoo in late 2014 and has aggressively tried to persuade the company's leaders to implement several strategies ever since.

History of Public Correspondence With Yahoo

In September 2014, Starboard addressed an open letter to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and the company's board of directors. The letter introduced Starboard, providing some background on the activist hedge fund and summarizing the firm's analysis of Yahoo's shortcomings and potential. The letter also outlined several strategies to rectify these issues, including separating the company's holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan from the core search and display ad business, reducing expenses through cost efficiency realization, the cessation of highly acquisitive behavior and the exploration of a business combination with AOL.

Starboard estimated that Yahoo was undervalued by as much as $18 billion based on a sum-of-parts method. The letter, signed by Starboard's manager Smith, was non-combative in tone and suggested that management could form a cooperative relationship with Starboard going forward to explore the best strategic options. In an earnings conference call in October 2014, Mayer defended Yahoo's strategy, noting better than expected results and communicating an acquisition strategy at odds with Starboard's recommendations. Matters related to activist investors were never directly addressed in the call.

In March 2015, Starboard addressed Yahoo's chief executive officer (CEO) and board of directors in an open letter. The letter supported the decision to separate Yahoo's core Internet business from its holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, but it firmly asserted that more action would be necessary to maximize shareholder value. Among the most relevant recommendations were cost restructuring and exploration of new methods to monetize intellectual property and real estate holdings. In August 2015, Starboard reduced its position in Yahoo by nearly half.

Starboard submitted another open letter in November 2015, this time using a more combative tone. The November 2015 letter made it clear that Starboard was unhappy with Yahoo's efforts to pursue proposed strategies to unlock value for shareholders, noting that the activist group had agreed to work largely in private with the company's management without nominating new directors. This letter also raised concerns that Yahoo is unable to attract top talent because its share prices are determined primarily by the performance of external companies, so its stock options cannot reflect the contributions of the most talented employees.

In early December 2015, Starboard presented to Yahoo's board, recommending that the company sell its core Internet business. Rumors that Yahoo was seriously considering a sale of its core assets were initially met favorably by the market, causing share prices to rise as much as 7% following the news.

Yahoo's Valuation and Performance

As of December 2015, Yahoo shares sold for $34.68, a market cap just below $33 billion. Yahoo owns 15.4% of Alibaba's shares, worth just over $30 billion based on Alibaba's $210 billion market cap. Yahoo Japan is valued at close to $8.1 billion as well. If spinoffs of these companies cannot be completed tax-free, then those assets combined represent $23.6 billion in value net of tax. The market implies that Yahoo's core business is worth roughly $6.4 billion, $5.6 billion of which is net cash.

Yahoo is a large company with a recognizable brand, so investors are unlikely to be pleased that the market attaches a valuation below $1 billion to the underlying core business. By Starboard's estimation, the search and display ad business is steeply undervalued, trading at less than a multiple of 3 of forecast earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). This valuation assumes that any spinoff of Alibaba will be subject to taxation, which is not entirely guaranteed at this point. If the market is instead assuming that a spinoff would be untaxed, then it would indicate that investors are assigning negative value to Yahoo's core Internet business.

Negative investor sentiment has been supported by years of poor performance. Revenue declined each year from 2009 to 2014, with the exception of 2012, when revenue grew less than 1%. 2015 results have shown some slight improvement on the top line. Operating income has suffered similarly, falling to 3.1% in 2014 after consistently topping 11% since 2010. In the 12 months leading to September 2015, Yahoo posted an operating loss. Earnings per share (EPS) of 26 cents over that 12-month period was lower than any full year in recent history.

Conclusions

Yahoo has struggled to keep pace with tech rivals such as Facebook and Alphabet in recent years, failing to develop innovative platforms that engage an increasingly mobile and social audience. The company has relied upon strategic acquisitions to support growth as its core business matured, but many of these have failed to bear fruit, with notable exceptions that include Alibaba. Yahoo's board has recognized these problems, with six different people serving as permanent or interim CEO between 2007 and 2015.

The market has lost so much faith in Yahoo's ability to create value that nearly all of the company's market cap can be attributed to non-core assets. Starboard Value proposed a handful of strategies that would allow Yahoo shareholders to realize gains on valuable elements of the business and potentially turn around the struggling core portfolio. Starboard and Yahoo management both appear confident that the non-core Asian assets should be separated from the core business, though there is some disagreement regarding the most appropriate means of implementing this separation. By drastically reducing cost structure, the underlying business could potentially generate superior cash flow relative to its current unimpressive performance, which would make a standalone entity composed of the Internet business more valuable to either an acquiring firm or on the stock market.

As of December 2015, Yahoo is waiting for a final verdict on the tax status of a spinoff of a holding company that owned Alibaba shares and Yahoo Japan. If the company sells its core business and retains the holding company, that would effect a radical change to the nature of the firm, and management appears hesitant to execute this option. At this point, the activist interaction is still non-hostile. It seems likely that Starboard will continue to work with Yahoo's board to maximize shareholder value for the Internet giant that has drawn so much ire from the stock market. 
2015-01-23
How To Profit From These 3 Overvalued Sectors Flea markets crack me up.

Most of the vendors seem like they cleaned the junk from their garage and assigned an arbitrary, often overvalued, price to it.

There are times when financial markets resemble a flea market. And lately that's exactly how it seems.





The U.S stock market has been on a tear over the last five years.

Since the market bottom during the 2008 financial crisis, the S&P 500 has turned in an average annual total return of close to 15%. Not bad for a market everyone thought was going out of business.

But as we've discovered, trees never grow to the sky. If you're familiar with my work, you'd know that paying close attention to valuations is a core tenet of my investment philosophy.

I wrote about my concerns with broader market valuations recently . This week, I want to drill down to valuations in a few specific sectors and stocks.

Utilities

2014 was a banner year for utility stocks. Fear of volatility and attractive yields pushed the Dow Jones Utility Index up 28% for the year, trumping the S&P 500's 11% gain.

Traditionally, nervous investors scoop up electric utility stocks in uncertain markets. You see, these stocks are typically recession proof, because electricity is a necessity. This ensures stable cash flows that reliably support dividend payouts. This especially useful in a low interest rate environment.

According to a recent report published by Credit Suisse, 45 widely-held regulated electric utility stocks are trading at the highest forward price-to-earnings ratios seen in the past 10 years. Average industry multiples are approaching 18, while the historical norm is around 13.

Let's look at one of Warren Buffett's favorite utility holdings, American Electric Power Co., Inc. (NYSE: AEP ) , which absolutely crushed it last year.





The rise in price shrank the stock's dividend yield to 3.3%, and the stock carries a lofty forward P/E ratio of 17.

Such valuations are usually seen in high-growth sectors, and the regulated electric utilities sector isn't characterized by high growth. This means the share price expansion isn't being driven by higher earnings. It's being driven by emotions, which can turn on a dime.

A stock with a forward P/E that trades at nearly a 40% premium to its sector's historical average should be considered overvalued. A 3.4% yield is just not enough compensation for that kind of risk.

Biotechnology Sector

After a rough first half of 2014, the biotech sector roared back to life posting stellar returns for the year.





The SPDR S&P Biotech Index ETF (NYSE: XBI ) really shot the lights out, growing by more than 30% in 2014. However, it wasn't without fair amount of volatility. This can be explained by dissecting the nature of the biotech sector.

Many of these companies, ranging from small to mid-size market capitalizations, are on the cutting edge of medical science, developing state-of-the-art drugs for chronic diseases such as cancer and diabetes. Often, they're financially partnered with the likes of the mega-cap, mainstream pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE ) and Sanofi (NYSE: SNY ).

In essence, the larger companies are using these small, high-tech pharmaceutical outfits as their research labs or, "pipelines" as they are referred to in the industry. Some "big pharma" companies rationalize that it's cheaper to buy a pipeline than to actually invest in their own.

However, regardless of strength these biotech's partnerships and products, most of are unprofitable -- often far from it. Historically, these firms operate without any earnings per share (i.e. a loss).

The stocks trade mostly on speculation of the results of experimental drug trials. If clinical trials are successful and the medication is approved by the FDA, then share prices can spike. If not, then shares can take a huge hit.

One specific and high-profile example is biotech wunderkind Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ISIS ) .

After the biotech crash of mid-2014, shares of Isis have more than doubled thanks in part to the company's strong suite of effective RNA-based autoimmune therapies, multi-billion dollar partnerships with Glaxo Smith Kline Plc (NYSE: GSK ) and Astra Zeneca Plc (NYSE: AZN ) and semi-regular touting from CNBC talking head Jim Cramer.

But aside from the hype and improving cash flows, the company is still unprofitable. Isis finished 2013 with a net loss of $0.55 a share, according to Firstcall Research. Analysts expect the company to report a loss of $0.63 a share for 2014 and a $1.08 loss is forecasted for 2015.

Top officers at the company, the Chairman and COO in particular, sold more than 42,000 shares in early January 2015. Mighty convenient to sell at the top.

This stock looks overdone and aside from the hype, the fundamentals and the charts suggest downside ahead. As I've said many times before, I'm no wiggle reader, but the chart tells me this stock will roll over soon. On a one year basis, the first shoulder of a classic " head and shoulders " formation is falling into place. Longer term charts show the current movement to be a second shoulder.

Technology Sector

As usual, technology was a mixed bag last year.

Consistent performers like Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC ), Cisco Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: CSCO ) and Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT ) delivered one year returns in excess of 20% without stretching their valuations. On average, these three stocks trade with a forward P/E of 15, which implies that they have room to move higher.

Too bad hot IPO's like GoPro, Inc. (Nasdaq: GPRO ) and yet-to-be public tech entities like Uber or Snapchat with multi-billion dollar valuations overshadowed the solid results from industry leaders.

All in all, judging by the performance of the iShares U.S. Technology ETF (NYSE: IYW ), 2014 was a decent year for tech in general.





The 18% total return doesn't feel to out of whack. However, at around 23, the P/E ratio is a little rich for my discipline when compared to the S&P 500's 17 P/E. Overall, tech isn't a bad place to be. You just have to be selective.

One tech name that I don't see a lot of upside in is Yahoo!, Inc. (Nasdaq: YHOO ) . The stock did well last year rising over 40%, which has currently pushed the forward P/E close to 30; a 26% premium to the sector and a 100% to Intel, Cisco and Microsoft.

But the company also faces massive fundamental issues.

What exactly is Yahoo? Identity is the biggest challenge facing the company.

It's not really a search quantity anymore. Google, Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG ) owns that space.

So should Yahoo evolve into a content destination? It needs to but that's not happening. AOL, Inc. (NYSE: AOL ), Netflix, Inc. (Nasdaq: NFLX ), and Amazon.com, Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN ) are diving headfirst into content acquisition and production. AOL's purchase of the Huffington Post and Netflix's Golden Globe for its original series "House of Cards" are hard evidence.

Outside of Yahoo Finance (an extremely solid vertical), the company doesn't seem to be making much of an effort. Remember, CEO Marissa Mayer, a Google alumnus, comes from engineering. This company needs a media person quick.





Clearly, Yahoo's substantial stake in Alibaba (NYSE: BABA ) was a shrewd investment. But that seems to be the only thing that propelled the stock last year. Yahoo's lack of longer term vision doesn't warrant the current valuation.

Risks To Consider: When talking about avoiding or shorting certain stocks, I am reminded of the famous John Maynard Keynes (a legendary trader in addition to his notoriety as an economist) quote: "The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent." Words to live by. Trading based on a short strategy can be extremely risky. Stocks under the swoon of a popular idea or surfing a momentum wave may still have some juice left in them.

Action To Take --> These sectors and representative names have had great runs. Investors holding these stocks with gains should consider stop loss or covered call option strategies in order to protect their profits. Taking them off of the table isn't a bad idea either. Investors considering these names and sectors should probably look elsewhere to commit new money. Starbucks' Choice of Johnson Underscores Its Tech Evolution Starbucks Corp. named former Juniper Networks Inc. Chief Executive Officer Kevin R. Johnson as its next chief operating officer, underscoring the role technology now plays at the coffee chain and mobile-payment innovator.

Johnson, 54, will take over on March 1 for Troy Alstead, who is leaving the company for an unpaid sabbatical announced earlier this month. Johnson, who has been a Starbucks director since 2009, will remain on the board but cease membership on all committees, the Seattle-based company said Thursday.

The move brings Starbucks a seasoned technology executive at a time when reaching customers through their mobile phones is an integral part of its strategy. Chief Executive Officer Howard Schultz said Thursday that about 16 percent of Starbucks  U.S. store transactions now come from mobile devices. The chain s app, which lets customers pay and earn rewards points by scanning their phones, has more than 13 million active users.

 The choice speaks to Schultz s conviction that mobile and digital platforms will drive the company s future growth,  said Asit Sharma, an analyst at the Motley Fool in Raleigh, North Carolina.  Johnson brings deep technology and supply-chain expertise to Starbucks  C-level. 

Stock Climbs

The shares gained 6.6 percent to close at a $88.22 in New York, lifted by strong quarterly results released on Thursday. Just before announcing the Johnson move, Starbucks posted an 82 percent surge in profit in the first quarter after new food items and holiday-themed drinks fueled customer traffic.

Friday s stock gain was the biggest one-day jump since July 2013 and pushed Starbucks to the highest point since it started trading in 1992. The shares rose 4.7 percent in 2014, the sixth straight year of gains.

Johnson will be taking over for an executive who began managing day-to-day operations last year. Alstead, a 23-year veteran of the coffee chain, had been widely cited as a potential CEO successor.

Schultz said on a conference call Thursday that he had been talking to Johnson for some time, independent of Alstead s decision to take a sabbatical. He also played down the idea that the move was part of a CEO succession plan.

 My personal commitment to Starbucks has never been greater, and I also want to make it clear that Kevin s addition is not part of some unannounced succession arrangement,  said Schultz, 61.

Johnson s Pay

Johnson will receive an annual base salary of $1 million, Starbucks said. He s also been granted a new-hire equity award of $7 million, along with a $1 million cash award.

Johnson led Juniper, a Sunnyvale, California-based maker of networking gear, from 2008 through 2013. He previously worked at Microsoft Corp., which he joined in 1992. Johnson rose to become president of its flagship Windows business as well as its struggling Online Services division. He also championed Microsoft s unsuccessful bid to buy Yahoo! Inc. in 2008, an attempt to create a strong No. 2 in the search business to Google Inc.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Johnson left Microsoft after the Yahoo deal collapsed to become CEO of Juniper, the second-largest maker of routers used by phone companies. Known as a strong sales and marketing executive, he improved the company s execution but failed to make it a top provider of networking gear to corporate buyers. Juniper shares fell almost 20 percent when he resigned in July 2013, five years after he took the job.

Payment Innovator

Starbucks, meanwhile, has become a leader in payment technology. The company introduced mobile ordering last month at cafes in Portland, Oregon, and plans to roll out the service nationwide this year. The company also expects to offer delivery in select markets in the second half of this year in a plan that Schultz has called  e-commerce on steroids. 

When Alstead announced he was taking a leave of absence to spend more time with his family, it raised questions over whether he was still the top candidate to replace Schultz. Some analysts speculated that he was still the leading successor, despite the sabbatical.

It s too soon to now call Johnson an heir apparent for the CEO job at Starbucks, but the announcement Thursday shows the company isn t waiting for Alstead s return, said Peter Saleh, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group in New York.

 I m reluctant to say Troy s not going to come back, but it doesn t look like they re leaving the seat open for him,  he said. LA neighborhood turning into Silicon Valley South Originally published January 22, 2015 at 6:01 PM | Page modified January 22, 2015 at 7:04 PM

The Playa Vista neighborhood of Los Angeles is luring tech giants with such selling points as its proximity to Hollywood, Los Angeles International Airport and freeways.

LOS ANGELES   First came Facebook and YouTube. Then Microsoft moved in. Google is on its way. And now Yahoo, too, is joining the high-tech cluster that has sprouted in Playa Vista.

The burgeoning neighborhood on Los Angeles  Westside is fast becoming the Southern California hub of Silicon Valley, with a growing number of tech companies choosing the relatively undeveloped area as their gateway to the region s entertainment and media offerings.

As digital entertainment takes off, tech companies say close ties with Hollywood are more important than ever.

Centering tech s biggest players in one spot is bringing a cohesion to the Los Angeles tech scene that entrepreneurs had long worried wouldn t be attainable in the sprawling metropolis.

It s also fueling rapid change to the self-contained neighborhood of more than 6,500 residents. Already, new housing and office complexes, restaurants and co-working spaces have opened, and more developments   including an 11-acre retail, residential and office center   are under way.

Tech firms point to a number of reasons for opening outposts in Playa Vista.

At first, proximity played a major role: The neighborhood is close to major freeways, the beach and Los Angeles International Airport (LAX).

Moreover, there were vast expanses of land yet to be developed, a rarity in Southern California and a boon for enormous tech companies anticipating future workforce growth.

Now there s something more. The rise of Playa Vista tech has created a vibrant community of young, ambitious employees, and that s attracting related firms and organizations to the fold.

Along a mile-and-a-half stretch, you can find media companies, ad agencies, university-affiliated institutes and startups working alongside the established tech juggernauts.

Tech companies and their typically well-paid, highly educated employees are plum tenants for the city and for commercial real-estate brokers, who have been pulling out all the stops to get leases signed.

Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti heavily wooed Yahoo, which announced last week that it would move its Santa Monica operations to Playa Vista. He has been aggressively pushing for the city to become a tech-entertainment powerhouse and has been enticing companies over the Santa Monica border with attractive perks.

In November, Garcetti sent a letter to Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer offering a  menu of incentives and resources,  including a three-year business-tax exemption and  white-glove service  to ensure that the build-out of the campus would proceed quickly and that the company s dealings with the city would be fast-tracked.

The pitch worked. Yahoo signed a long-term lease for about 130,000 square feet at the soon-to-open Collective campus in Playa Vista.

The move, expected this fall, will bring at least 400 jobs from Yahoo s current location, with space to accommodate growth.

The deal was a blow to Santa Monica, which had been poised to be the region s tech epicenter.

But entrepreneurs there have long complained of traffic congestion, high office rents and cramped quarters with little to no room for growth.

The short migration from Santa Monica into Los Angeles has led to a rivalry between the two cities, with each jostling to become the premiere place for tech.

Los Angeles  is just taking our overflow,  Santa Monica Mayor Kevin McKeown said.  The excitement is in Santa Monica. 

Whether it s Los Angeles or Santa Monica, the region s tech sector is thriving.

The Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp. recently released a report showing that the area has more high-tech jobs (368,600) than Boston-Cambridge, Santa Clara County and New York City.

The direct high-tech workforce generated $32 billion in wages in 2013, accounting for 16.8 percent of all wages paid in Los Angeles County, the report said.

As more startups have emerged in the area, venture capitalists have followed.

In the Los Angeles metro region, the total amount of equity financing for venture-backed companies jumped sharply last year, up 44 percent to $2.3 billion across 146 deals, according to Dow Jones VentureSource.

Michael Pachter, a tech analyst at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles, said an ever-expanding tech force in Playa Vista   Google last month spent nearly $120 million on 12 acres that it will develop in the coming years   will further bolster the region s tech environment and the economy overall.

Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times. Try it now! 
2015-11-25
What Starboard's Letter To Yahoo Means For The Future?  S&P warns Yahoo! of a ratings cut as revenue growth stalls If not Marissa Mayer at Yahoo, who? Friday, 13 Nov 2015 | 12:07 PM ET | 02:43

Standard & Poor's Tuesday cut its unsolicited rating outlook on Yahoo! to negative from stable, citing prospects for poor revenue growth and higher costs for acquiring traffic.

The rating firm currently has a BB+ rating on the tech company, which has trailed its rivals amid high-level defections and growing doubts over the management's ability to turn a corner.

An unsolicited rating is a credit rating assigned at the initiative of the credit rating agency, not when an issuer requests for it. Still, the warning did enough to push Yahoo! Japan shares down by nearly 2 percent in Tokyo.

"We could lower our rating on Yahoo if the company's competitiveness in its display or search advertising businesses continues to decline and it is not able to reverse the negative operating trends affecting earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA)," S&P said in a statement. Black Friday Scam: Phony Amazon App Promises Early Access to Deals If a deal sounds too good to be true, beware. And if it s a new Android app that promises to give you early access to Amazon s Black Friday deals, be especially wary.

You know where this is going 

The security firm Zscaler Research first discovered the app, which the company says is designed to steal your personal information. When installed, the app apes the look of the Amazon icon to really sell the con.

Once you open the app, Zscaler says, it will launch a completely different app called com.android.engine. That will then ask you to grant the malware a slew of special permissions, including the ability to see your text messages, call logs, and contact information, as well as to send texts and make calls. It can even view your Web browser s history.

Fake apps like this one can rack up huge charges on your bill by autodialing pay-by-the-minute phone lines operated by the attackers. (Image: Zscaler.com).

Here s the kicker: Even if you delete the fake Amazon app, the secondary app will stay hidden on your device until you find and delete it, which can be tricky since it doesn t have an app icon.

Zscaler doesn t say what the information the app is collecting could be used for, though apps of this nature can be designed to hold your data for ransom.

The biggest thing to remember about apps like this is that they have to be downloaded from a third-party URL, not the Google Play Store. And to even install the app, you have to allow third-party app installations in the Android Settings menu. So getting this thing on your phone isn t exactly as easy as downloading your Facebook app.

The real Amazon Underground app, left, has a slightly different file name (Amazon_App.apk), is much larger than the fake one (35 MB vs 130 KB), and isn t found on a site ending with .cc in the URL.

It s worth pointing out, however, that Amazon offers its own Underground app that you have to install in much the same way as this phony app. Amazon s offering, though, provides you with free apps and games and doesn t steal your information.

It s obvious that the malicious app s makers are targeting Amazon users who are familiar with the Amazon Underground app but may not be savvy enough to tell the difference between it and the malware.

Remember, there s no such thing as a free lunch or early Black Friday deals.

Happy Thanksgiving.

Read more great Yahoo Tech stories:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+ here.

via: Zscaler Research Twitter Inc (TWTR): Why Carl Icahn Won't Buy The Stock Jack Delaney: Will Carl Icahn buy Twitter since the Twitter stock price fell below its IPO price of $26 last week? That s what the rumors are suggesting 

Antsy Twitter shareholders looking for a turnaround would love to see Icahn take an interest in Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR). Over the past year, the TWTR stock price dropped 37.37% from its closing price of $40.19 on Nov. 24, 2014.

Twitter s recent troubles may make it a prime candidate for a hostile takeover, but this isn t the first time that Carl Icahn Twitter rumors have made the rounds on Wall Street 

On Dec. 31, 2014, Doug Kass of The Street predicted Carl Icahn would buy a 9.9% stake in Twitter. According to news site Value Walk, Icahn shot down these rumors in late January 2015 on FOX Business Network.

 I never owned a share, but that doesn t say I don t like it or I do like it,  Icahn stated.  I don t own shares of a lot of companies. I like Twitter for what I do on it, I think it s a great medium. 

The answer is more passive than a lot of TWTR shareholders hoped for. But to understand if Icahn would buy any stake in Twitter, investors need to understand why Carl Icahn buys stock in a company.

When you break down his reasons and look at the current state of the company, Carl Icahn would not buy Twitter.

Here s why 

Why Carl Icahn Won t Buy Twitter

In a 2013 investor presentation, Icahn addressed exactly what he looks for before purchasing stock in a company.

 We seek to find undervalued companies in the Graham & Dodd tradition, a methodology for valuing stocks that primarily looks for deeply depressed prices,  Icahn said.  This activism has brought about very strong returns over the years. 

Part of the reason Icahn believes a company is undervalued is because of poor leadership. The activist investor believed that shareholder value could be unlocked in Hertz Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HTZ) with the removal of former CEO Mark Frissora, for example.

There were a number of accounting issues under Frissora, which removed $153 million in pre-tax profit from the company in Q4 2014. Frissora stepped down, and a new CEO was named with Icahn s blessing.

Money Morning Capital Wave Strategist Shah Gilani discusses the ultimate goal of activist investors like Icahn. Then he tells investors if they should piggyback and invest like the activists 

Because Jack Dorsey just became permanent CEO of Twitter on Oct. 5, Icahn would have an epic battle to try and remove him so quickly. He would not only have to convince the board that Dorsey isn t the right man for the job, but he would also have to have a recommendation for Dorsey s replacement.

Icahn may have had more of a case to remove former CEO Dick Costello, but that opportunity has passed. Dorsey is locked in as Twitter s permanent CEO.

So Icahn won t be able to unlock value for Twitter shareholders by removing the CEO. But there s another reason Icahn won t be buying Twitter 

A Major Twitter Acquisition Offer Is Unlikely

When Icahn bought shares in eBay Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY), he was adamant that it must allow Paypal Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: PYPL) to split off on its own.

Icahn got his wish, but he still wanted Paypal to provide even more shareholder value. He believed that PayPal still needed to help consolidate the payments industry through an acquisition or merger, according to Business Insider.

 It also continues to be my belief that the payments industry, of which PayPal is an important part, must be consolidated   either through acquisitions made by PayPal or a merger between PayPal and another strong player in the industry,  Icahn stated.  It is possible that this could be accomplished through a reverse Morris Trust structure because, in light of the development of strong competition such as the advent of Apple Pay, the sooner these consolidations take place, the better. 

You see, one way Icahn looks to increase shareholder value is through mergers and acquisitions.

In June 2014, Icahn announced a 9.8% stake in Family Dollar Stores Inc. He pressured then CEO Howard Levine to sell the company. Despite the fact that Icahn sold his shares before the deal even closed, his involvement made Icahn millions. He sold his shares in September 2014 and collected $265.9 million in profits, according to Fortune.

Despite Twitter s struggles throughout the years, it s always been an attractive takeover target for several companies.

According to Nick Bilton s book  Hatching Twitter,  Yahoo! Inc. (Nasdaq: YHOO) made a $12 million offer for the social media site even when it only had 250,000 active users. Mark Zuckerberg was also interested in Twitter at one point, and even Al Gore reportedly tried to buy the company.

But a lot has changed since these original offers. Yahoo stock is down over 36% on the year, and the company is in no position to buy Twitter. Zuckerberg already dominates the social media landscape with Instagram and Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB), leaving him little reason to put extra effort in turning Twitter around. He s also focusing on other ventures with his virtual reality platform Oculus Rift.

The challenge with a Twitter acquisition is that the purchaser would need to help the site establish an identity. There has long been an argument inside Twitter between the various CEOs about what it can and should be.

Current CEO Jack Dorsey always saw it as a way to talk about yourself. Former CEO Evan Williams believed it was a tool to describe what was going on around you. It s currently a mixture of both.

Without a clearly defined use, transforming Twitter is going to be more of a challenge than it s worth.

Icahn can t remove the CEO of Twitter just now, and it s a long shot that Twitter will ever receive an acquisition offer that would unlock shareholder value.

For now and in the foreseeable future, any rumors that Carl Icahn will buy Twitter are just that. Rumors.

Written By Jack Delaney From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet.And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Play Android's Hidden 'Flappy Droid' Game Games account for about a third of all smartphone app downloads. Of course, if your phone runs Lollipop- or Marshmallow-flavored Android, then it comes prepackaged with a good one already. No downloading required.

The Google-made  Flappy Droid  side-scroller, a take on the historically popular Flappy Bird mobile game, is hidden inside Android s Settings menu. Follow the steps in the video above to fire it up, and get cracking. Just don t blame us when you find yourself hooked. It s a frustratingly addictive game.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-08-23
Jury awards Michael Jordan $8.9M over unauthorized use of name in grocery store ad Michael Jordan smiles like someone who just got an $8.9 million award. (AP/Charles Rex Arbogast)

It took Michael Jordan nearly six years, but he's finally come out victorious in the long-running Chicago court case over the use of his identity without permission in a grocery store advertisement.

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

A jury of Jordan's peers   ha!   ruled Friday in favor of the Chicago Bulls legend and Charlotte Hornets owner, ordering a grocery-store chain to pay the Hall of Famer $8.9 million for the unapproved and unlicensed use of his name in an ad. The decision brings an end to a legal action that actually outlived the supermarket that ran the ad in a special edition of Sports Illustrated commemorating His Airness' enshrinement in Springfield, Mass.

As we laid out a couple of summers ago, the beef stems from steak:

When Jordan was elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2009, and prior to the wildly inappropriate speech he gave in the induction ceremonies, local Chicago grocery chain Dominick s released an ad congratulating Jordan on his accomplishment, while pointing out that, while you re at it, you can use your Dominick s card or a coupon in the ad to take in the tasty two dollar savings on a  Rancher s Reserve Steak. 

Here's the ad that launched a thousand briefs (no Hanes):

View photos The 2009 Dominick's advertisement that resulted in a lawsuit. (Image via Chicago Tribune) More

Jordan found out about it and decided to sue Dominick's for $5 million. The real kicker for Safeway, which bought Dominick's in 1998 for $1.2 billion, comes courtesy of ESPN.com's Darren Rovell:

In addition, the ad itself was of little benefit to the company. Since the ad was in a commemorative Sports Illustrated issue, those who bought the magazine were hesitant to tear out the ad. Only two people were found to have redeemed the $2 steak coupon.

Not exactly a killer return on investment, there.

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!]

While one judge took Jordan to task for attempting to make a "legal mountain" from a "legal molehill" by calling for Safeway, the parent company of the now-defunct Dominick's chain, it always seemed that the case had merit. Dominick's did use Michael Jordan's name without his permission in an ad aimed at selling discounted steaks; it stands to reason that this would irk M.J., considering he's already in the business of selling his own steaks.

Plus, as our Eric Freeman noted earlier this week, "the chain does not deny wrongdoing," meaning the main matter left to resolve was how much money to award Jordan. From Michael Tarm of The Associated Press:

Steven Mandell, the Dominick's attorney, [...] said Jordan's attorneys overvalued their client's name, saying jurors should award Jordan no more than $126,900.

Evidence presented during trial provided a peek at Jordan's extraordinary wealth, including the $480 million he made from Nike alone between 2000 to 2012.

That evidence included testimony from sports economist Andrew Zimbalist, who pegged the "fair market value" of Jordan's identity at about $10 million per business deal. That squared with the testimony of Estee Portnoy, the marketing executive who's been described as Jordan's "consigliere" and "the buffer between Jordan and the world", and who said Jordan will not do business with anyone unless the deal will ultimately be worth more than $10 million. (Subsequent answers, however, indicated that M.J. occasionally makes exceptions to that platinum rule.) 
2015-03-04
YOUR VIEW: Moving beyond racialised health narratives in Singapore This email by a reader was sent to us via reachus@yahoo-inc.com. We welcome your views. Please include your full name, age and occupation if you want your emails to be considered for publishing. Please note that all submissions will be subject to these terms.

Although healthcare and its affordability have dominated the headlines in Singapore, issues of general health, fitness and well-being are becoming of increasing concern. The Ministry of Health s 2010 National Health Survey (NHS) indicated that Singapore s obesity rate has increased to 10.8% from 6.9% in 2004. This is worrying as obesity can lead to other associated diseases such as diabetes, high blood pressure, and stroke. A growing epidemic of obesity can pose a serious challenge to policymakers, since it can place a greater strain on the country s health infrastructure.

And this pressing problem is not only confined to Singapore. Obesity is a global epidemic that is occupying the attention of developed countries such as the United States as well. However, what is particular to Singapore is how ethnic frames predominate our approach to health issues. Take, for instance, the construction of obesity as a  Malay problem . Such narratives localize obesity as a  community problem  and blame Malay cultural practices or habits for the community s high incidence of obesity. This approach is not only insensitive but also too simplistic and reductionist to truly resolve the issue.

Obesity as a 'Malay Problem'

On 21st December 2014, the Straits Times (ST) featured an article identifying the Malays as the unhealthiest group in Singapore, based on the findings of a longitudinal study conducted by the newspaper. The study found that  a disproportionate number of diabetics and patients with kidney failure, heart attacks and strokes come from this group.  This was similar in tenor to an ST article in 2010 entitled  Malay and Obesity: Big trouble  which castigated the Malays for being  too fat, getting fatter too fast and succumbing to chronic diseases in the process .

Parsing obesity through ethnic frames feeds into the tendency to seek  culturalist  explanations to account for these health issues. These culturalist explanations try to explain away any social malaise such as obesity as a cultural deficit or failing of the affected ethnic group. For example, the 2010 ST article blamed Malay cuisine and dietary habits, with its  glistening with coconut saturated rice  and  delightfully rich, sinfuly sweet melt in the mouth kueh , for engendering Malay obesity. Even Malay gatherings such as weddings were faulted. Such celebrations were seen to promote the consumption of richer and fatty food, ignoring the fact that the occasional festive indulgence is common throughout many cultures.

Furthermore, even the daily behavior of the Malays came under scrutiny. In a 2011 commentary in the Berita Harian, it was claimed that that Malay women were now becoming fat because they tend over-eat while doing little work, in contrast to the past where they kept themselves busy with housework.

It should be noted that in countries such as the United States, the groups who suffer disproportionately from obesity are generally the low-income ethnic minorities. Given that these ethnic minorities tend to populate the lower end of the society s income distribution, researchers and policymakers have recognized that obesity is a causally-complex phenomenon that is affected by other socio-economic factors such as income levels.

The health issues that plague ethnic minorities such as the Malays should thus not be reduced into a local problem endemic only to the community. Rather, it should be seen as the  canary in the coal mine    an early warning to greater underlying structural issues undergirding the country s healthscape.

Moving beyond health problems as 'Malay issues'

The seminal Whitehall Studies (also known as the Stress and Health Study) provide a useful contrast to the approach adopted by local health surveys. First conducted in the 1960s by the University College London, the first Whitehall study surveyed some 18,000 male civil servants. Set up as a longitudinal study to look at individual risk factors for cardiorespiratory diseases and diabetes, it helped to debunk certain myths about health and inequality. The received opinion then was that the poor were affected by diseases relating to material deprivation, while the rich people suffered from illnesses such as heart disease and peptic ulcers. The study instead showed that there exists a social gradient where men in the lower-employment grades were much more likely to die prematurely from both coronary heart disease (CHD) and non-coronary causes than those in the higher grades.

Read More Hillary Clinton's email server traced to Internet service registered to NY home The computer server that transmitted and received Hillary Clinton's emails -- on a private account she used exclusively for official business when she was secretary of state -- traced back to an Internet service registered to her family's home in Chappaqua, New York, according to Internet records reviewed by The Associated Press.

The highly unusual practice of a Cabinet-level official physically running her own email would have given Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential candidate, impressive control over limiting access to her message archives. It also would distinguish Clinton's secretive email practices as far more sophisticated than some politicians, including Mitt Romney and Sarah Palin, who were caught conducting official business using free email services operated by Microsoft Corp. and Yahoo Inc.

Most Internet users rely on professional outside companies, such as Google Inc. or their own employers, for the behind-the-scenes complexities of managing their email communications. Government employees generally use servers run by federal agencies where they work.

In most cases, individuals who operate their own email servers are technical experts or users so concerned about issues of privacy and surveillance they take matters into their own hands.

Clinton has not described her motivation for using a private email account -- hdr22(at)clintonemail.com, which traced back to her own private email server registered under an apparent pseudonym -- for official State Department business.

Operating her own server would have afforded Clinton additional legal opportunities to block government or private subpoenas in criminal, administrative or civil cases because her lawyers could object in court before being forced to turn over any emails. And since the Secret Service was guarding Clinton's home, an email server there would have been well protected from theft or a physical hacking.

But homebrew email servers are generally not as reliable, secure from hackers or protected from fires or floods as those in commercial data centers. Those professional facilities provide monitoring for viruses or hacking attempts, regulated temperatures, off-site backups, generators in case of power outages, fire-suppression systems and redundant communications lines.

A spokesman for Clinton did not respond to requests seeking comment from the AP on Tuesday. Clinton ignored the issue during a speech Tuesday night at the 30th anniversary gala of EMILY's List, which works to elect Democratic women who support abortion rights.

It was unclear whom Clinton hired to set up or maintain her private email server, which the AP traced to a mysterious identity, Eric Hoteham. That name does not appear in public records databases, campaign contribution records or Internet background searches. Hoteham was listed as the customer at Clinton's $1.7 million home on Old House Lane in Chappaqua in records registering the Internet address for her email server since August 2010.

The Hoteham personality also is associated with a separate email server, presidentclinton.com, and a non-functioning website, wjcoffice.com, all linked to the same residential Internet account as Mrs. Clinton's email server. The former president's full name is William Jefferson Clinton.

In November 2012, without explanation, Clinton's private email account was reconfigured to use Google's servers as a backup in case her own personal email server failed, according to Internet records. That is significant because Clinton publicly supported Google's accusations in June 2011 that China's government had tried to break into the Google mail accounts of senior U.S. government officials. It was one of the first instances of a major American corporation openly accusing a foreign government of hacking.

Then, in July 2013, five months after she resigned as secretary of state, Clinton's private email server was reconfigured again to use a Denver-based commercial email provider, MX Logic, which is now owned by McAfee Inc., a top Internet security company.

The New York Times reported Monday that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account it did not specify to conduct State Department business. The disclosure raised questions about whether she took actions to preserve copies of her old work-related emails, as required by the Federal Records Act. A Clinton spokesman, Nick Merrill, told the newspaper that Clinton complied with the letter and spirit of the law because her advisers reviewed tens of thousands of pages of her personal emails to decide which ones to turn over to the State Department after the agency asked for them.

In theory but not in practice, Clinton's official emails would be accessible to anyone who requested copies under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. Under the law, citizens and foreigners can compel the government to turn over copies of federal records for zero or little cost. Since Clinton effectively retained control over emails in her private account even after she resigned in 2013, the government would have to negotiate with Clinton to turn over messages it can't already retrieve from the inboxes of federal employees she emailed.

The AP has waited more than a year under the open records law for the State Department to turn over some emails covering Clinton's tenure as the nation's top diplomat, although the agency has never suggested that it didn't possess all her emails.

Clinton's private email account surfaced publicly in March 2013 after a convicted Romanian hacker known as Guccifer published emails stolen from former White House adviser Sidney Blumenthal. The Internet domain was registered around the time of her secretary of state nomination.

Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., chairman of the special House committee investigating the Benghazi attacks, said the committee learned last summer -- when agency documents were turned over to the committee -- that Clinton had used a private email account while secretary of state. More recently the committee learned that she used private email accounts exclusively and had more than one, Gowdy said.

President Barack Obama signed a bill last year that bans the use of private email accounts by government officials unless they retain copies of messages in their official account or forward copies to their government accounts within 20 days. The bill did not become law until more than one year after Clinton left the State Department. Hillary Clinton ran own computer system for her official emails The computer server that transmitted and received Hillary Rodham Clinton's emails   on a private account she used exclusively for official business when she was secretary of state   traced back to an Internet service registered to her family's home in Chappaqua, New York, according to Internet records reviewed by The Associated Press.

The highly unusual practice of a Cabinet-level official physically running her own email would have given Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential candidate, impressive control over limiting access to her message archives. It also would distinguish Clinton's secretive email practices as far more sophisticated than those of some other politicians, including Mitt Romney and Sarah Palin, who were caught conducting official business using free email services operated by Microsoft Corp. and Yahoo Inc.

Most Internet users rely on professional outside companies, such as Google Inc. or their own employers, for the behind-the-scenes complexities of managing their email communications. Government employees generally use servers run by federal agencies where they work.

In most cases, individuals who operate their own email servers are technical experts or users so concerned about issues of privacy and surveillance they take matters into their own hands. It was not immediately clear exactly where Clinton ran that computer system.

Clinton has not described her motivation for using a private email account   hdr22@clintonemail.com, which traced back to her own private email server registered under an apparent pseudonym   for official State Department business.

Operating her own server would have afforded Clinton additional legal opportunities to block government or private subpoenas in criminal, administrative or civil cases because her lawyers could object in court before being forced to turn over any emails. And since the Secret Service was guarding Clinton's home, an email server there would have been well protected from theft or a physical hacking.

But homemade email servers are generally not as reliable, secure from hackers or protected from fires or floods as those in commercial data centers. Those professional facilities provide monitoring for viruses or hacking attempts, regulated temperatures, off-site backups, generators in case of power outages, fire-suppression systems and redundant communications lines.

A spokesman for Clinton did not respond to requests seeking comment from the AP on Tuesday. Clinton ignored the issue during a speech Tuesday night at the 30th anniversary gala of EMILY's List, which works to elect Democratic women who support abortion rights.

It was unclear whom Clinton hired to set up or maintain her private email server, which the AP traced to a mysterious identity, Eric Hoteham. That name does not appear in public records databases, campaign contribution records or Internet background searches. Hoteham was listed as the customer at Clinton's $1.7 million home on Old House Lane in Chappaqua in records registering the Internet address for her email server since August 2010.

The Hoteham personality also is associated with a separate email server, presidentclinton.com, and a non-functioning website, wjcoffice.com, all linked to the same residential Internet account as Mrs. Clinton's email server. The former president's full name is William Jefferson Clinton.

In November 2012, without explanation, Clinton's private email account was reconfigured to use Google's servers as a backup in case her own personal email server failed, according to Internet records. That is significant because Clinton publicly supported Google's accusations in June 2011 that China's government had tried to break into the Google mail accounts of senior U.S. government officials. It was one of the first instances of a major American corporation openly accusing a foreign government of hacking.

Then, in July 2013, five months after she resigned as secretary of state, Clinton's private email server was reconfigured again to use a Denver-based commercial email provider, MX Logic, which is now owned by McAfee Inc., a top Internet security company.

The New York Times reported Monday that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account it did not specify to conduct State Department business. The disclosure raised questions about whether she took actions to preserve copies of her old work-related emails, as required by the Federal Records Act. A Clinton spokesman, Nick Merrill, told the newspaper that Clinton complied with the letter and spirit of the law because her advisers reviewed tens of thousands of pages of her personal emails to decide which ones to turn over to the State Department after the agency asked for them.

In theory but not in practice, Clinton's official emails would be accessible to anyone who requested copies under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. Under the law, citizens and foreigners can compel the government to turn over copies of federal records for zero or little cost. Since Clinton effectively retained control over emails in her private account even after she resigned in 2013, the government would have to negotiate with Clinton to turn over messages it can't already retrieve from the inboxes of federal employees she emailed.

The AP has waited more than a year under the open records law for the State Department to turn over some emails covering Clinton's tenure as the nation's top diplomat, although the agency has never suggested that it didn't possess all her emails.

Clinton's private email account surfaced publicly in March 2013 after a convicted Romanian hacker known as Guccifer published emails stolen from former White House adviser Sidney Blumenthal. The Internet domain was registered around the time of her secretary of state nomination.

Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., chairman of the special House committee investigating the Benghazi attacks, said the committee learned last summer   when agency documents were turned over to the committee   that Clinton had used a private email account while secretary of state. More recently the committee learned that she used private email accounts exclusively and had more than one, Gowdy said.

President Barack Obama signed a bill last year that bans the use of private email accounts by government officials unless they retain copies of messages in their official account or forward copies to their government accounts within 20 days. The bill did not become law until more than one year after Clinton left the State Department.

Associated Press PacWest Bancorp to buy tech lender Square 1 Financial PacWest Bancorp, a Century City company built through acquisitions, is making one of its more unusual purchases   one that would give it entree into the fast-paced world of young tech and life sciences firms.

By buying East Coast tech lender Square 1 Financial Inc., the parent company of Pacific Western Bank would be transformed into one of only three U.S. banking firms with deep expertise in handling some of the nation's fastest-growing companies, along with the venture capitalists who back them and take them public.

The all-stock deal valuing the Durham, N.C., lender at $894 million would create a company with $19.3 billion in assets, more than 80 branches in Central and Southern California and more than 20 loan offices mostly in tech areas throughout the country.

It's particularly good news for Southland tech and biotech boosters. They were excited that PacWest, with its local roots, was entering the fray and expanding the lending power of Square 1, already a major source of funds for smaller deals in the region.

"I like the potential that they'll have more active involvement in their home market," said Jim Andelman, managing partner for Rincon Venture Partners in Santa Barbara.

The deal comes as start-ups are blossoming in the Southern California tech scene, including entertainment app Snapchat Inc. in Venice and match-making service Tinder in West Hollywood.

The area has attracted commitments from behemoths Google Inc. and Yahoo Inc. to consolidate and expand their operations along side home-grown firms such as electronics maker Belkin International Inc. and advertising technology creator Rubicon Project Inc.

Though many banks are trying to expand their roster of technology clients, the niche is dominated by Silicon Valley Bank in Santa Clara, which handles more than half of all early-stage tech enterprises.

The bank and its parent company, SVB Financial Group, have set the pattern for tech lending and services. At the end of last year, it had $34.7 billion in deposits in the bank and $32 billion in client funds with another SVB subsidiary   an indication of how the tech industry is awash in cash, much of it provided by investors to fund breakneck growth.

The client funds constitute "operating money for companies that want to be the next billion-dollar concern," said San Francisco bank analyst Julianna Balicka, who follows Silicon Valley, Square 1 and PacWest for brokerage Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.

PacWest has grown to more than $16 billion in assets, largely through the acquisition of more than 20 broader commercial banks. But the 10-year-old Square 1, with $3.1 billion in assets, has focused on a field mostly foreign to PacWest.

Tech start-ups typically need fewer bank loans to grow than older-line businesses, and their access to venture funding often fulfills much of their cash needs.

Venture capitalists, however, cannot provide the deposit and cash management services that banks can, and start-ups also might want to use bank loans to move quickly without surrendering any equity to venture capitalists.

Square 1 and Silicon Valley Bank also handle enormous sums for venture capitalists, accounting for money raised by venture capital partnerships and distributing the funds with precision in highly complex deals often involving international companies and investors.

Though based on the other side of the country, Square 1's bloodlines run to the Southland. Balicka said the lender was opened in 2005 by former technology industry bankers at Imperial Bancorp in Inglewood.

Square 1 Chief Executive Douglas H. Bowers and his counterpart at PacWest, Matthew Wagner, did not return phone calls seeking comment about the deal, which was announced Monday.

The sale, expected to close in the fourth quarter, is subject to the approval of regulators and Square 1 shareholders.

In a statement, Wagner said the deal represents "an excellent opportunity to grow core deposits, expand our nationwide lending platform and increase our presence in the dynamic technology and life-sciences markets."

Bowers said merging with PacWest "will be a terrific opportunity for our clients, employees and stockholders."

"As part of PacWest, we will maintain our steadfast commitment to the entrepreneurial and venture communities, will be able to offer clients a wider array of products and will be well-positioned to continue to serve them through all stages of their growth," he said.

As a smaller institution, Square 1 can quickly lose a growing client. Advertising software developer Shift in Santa Monica, for example, needed to raise its $15-million credit line as it added on more clients, but Square 1 was tapped out, Rincon Venture's Andelman said.

Under the PacWest deal, Square 1 would be part of a bank six times its size and, therefore, would be able to increase such lines and hold on to its customers.

"It's great they'll have a bigger balance sheet," Andelman said.

The purchase price was at a premium as bank takeovers go these days   2.6 times tangible book value, a frequent yardstick. But with its tech focus, rapid growth and hoard of low-cost deposits, Square 1 is an uncommon bank.

"The price is not rich for what you are buying," Balicka of Keefe Bruyette said.

For instance, PacWest would benefit greatly from Square 1's low-cost deposits, she said, while Square 1 would be able to make far larger loans as part of a bigger institution.

Square 1 would keep its name and operate as a division of Pacific Western Bank.

Square 1 Bank's single bank branch reflects a peculiar characteristic shared by Silicon Valley Bank: Clients are interested in structuring deals and arranging processing for complex financial transactions more than having a location to make deposits and withdraw funds.

Anywhere tech deals are done, both banks set up offices that mostly do not qualify as full-service branches. Square 1, for example, has 12 loan production offices in tech hubs across the country, including San Diego, Orange County and Santa Monica.

Silicon Valley Bank's 35 offices include ones in England, China, India and Israel, as well as Irvine and Los Angeles. Only five of them   all in Northern California   are full-service bank branches.

For the venture capitalists and technology entrepreneurs in Southern California, the deal may make it easier to get loans and specialized banking services without relying on Silicon Valley's larger venture capital and tech banking communities.

After Monday's announcement, a Square 1 banker called a Southern California venture capitalist to assure him that the deal would be positive for start-ups shared in their respective portfolios. Gerard Casale, managing director of TYLT Lab, said he appreciated the sentiment. Etsy Files for IPO Etsy Inc., the global online marketplace for vintage and artisanal products, filed for an initial public offering that may end up being the largest for a New York-based technology company in 16 years.

The company disclosed its prospectus Wednesday with a $100 million placeholder, an amount used to calculate fees that will change. Etsy is seeking a share sale three times that size, people familiar with the matter said in January. Etsy plans to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes, including continued investments to expand the business, the regulatory filing shows.

Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us. Get our weekly Pursuits newsletter.

Etsy, founded in Brooklyn, New York, a decade ago as a niche website where artists could sell their creations, offers everything from crochet chickens to Soviet-era souvenir pens. The company makes revenue through commissions and listing fees charged to sellers, as well as other services. Sales last year surged 56 percent to $196 million, according to Wednesday s filing. Still, the company s losses widened, to $15.2 million for the 12 months through Dec. 31 from $796,000 a year earlier.

In 2014, 78 percent of the almost $2 billion worth of purchases came from repeat customers, the filing shows. As of the end of last year, Etsy had 1.4 million active sellers and almost 20 million buyers. Women account for 86 percent of the sellers.

The company was founded by Rob Kalin, a carpenter making handmade wooden computers with nowhere to sell them. He left the company in 2011 and was replaced as chief executive officer by Chad Dickerson, 42, a former Yahoo! Inc. executive.

Artisan Angst

While growth is critical for prospective investors, sellers have said that an IPO could hurt their businesses. Etsy changed its policies in October 2013 to allow sellers to outsource manufacturing and fulfillment services. This helped some sellers become six-figure successes, and their businesses  growth may have helped Etsy s.

At the same time, the new protocol upset artisans who focused purely on handmade items because it unleashed a wave of new products -- and more competition. Some are concerned that the IPO will encourage the company to create more policies, such as raising listing fees, that could adversely affect them.

 I predict Etsy s environment will change drastically with an IPO -- and I don t feel the inevitable changes will be as benign to our community as Etsy (or investors) would have us think,  Jessica Rankin, who sells handmade jewelry on the site, said on one of Etsy s forums.  Finding another home for my shop may be the only way I have a hand in preserving it. 

The last time a technology company from New York raised more than $300 million, the dot-com bubble was fueling IPOs from online broker TD Waterhouse Group Inc. and Barnesandnoble.com Inc., the Web spinoff of the bookstore chain.

Accel Partners, Index Ventures, Tiger Global Management and Union Square Ventures are shareholders in Etsy, with a combined 62.3 percent stake in the company.

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley and Allen & Co. are managing Etsy s IPO. The company has applied to list on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol ETSY. I Used HTC and Valve's Virtual Reality Headset and Basically Had a Religious ... BARCELONA     My God. 

Those are the only words I manage to stutter as I take off HTC and Valve s new Vive VR headset.

I ve been wearing the alien-looking headgear for about 30 minutes, and my demo has come to an end. An HTC representative has taken the VR helmet from me, and all I want to do is snatch the Vive and jump back into the immersive world that HTC and Valve have crafted.

The Vive, which will make its way to developers this spring and consumers later this year, is the most advanced virtual reality headset I ve tried, thanks to the captivating experience realized by the combo of quality hardware and the Steam VR operating system.

HTC surprised everyone by introducing the Vive during a press conference at the Mobile World Congress here in Barcelona. It s a collaboration with the popular gaming company Valve, which is responsible for such megahits as Dota 2, Half Life, and Portal. There s no pricing for the headset, but chances are it will cost a good amount    more, at least, than the $350 for the competing Oculus Rift headset.

READ MORE: HTC and Valve Made a Virtual Reality Headset that Can Place You Inside the Game

Unlike competing devices like Samsung s Gear VR and Sony s Morpheus, the HTC Vive is designed to allow you to physically walk around while you wear it.

The Oculus Rift  Crescent Bay  prototype, which debuted at CES 2015, offers some movement functions, but it s far more restrictive than the Vive, limiting you to only a few steps.

The Vive tracks your movement and replicates that it in the game. It will still need to be plugged into a PC, and you ll also need to set up two light boxes in your room to enable it. The light boxes bounce signals off the Vive s various external sensors to help orient the headset within the space.

The result is a kind of virtual fence that kept me from bumping into the room s walls while walking around the virtual space. In one part of the demo, I was able to explore the deck of a sunken shipwreck, while another allowed me to walk around a tabletop strategy board game between two miniature armies.

With other headsets, you would have to stand still or sit and move your character with a traditional gaming controller. Others afford you a relatively small range of movement.

Physically moving around a room and having that movement translated into movement before your eyes is an intriguing, and rewarding, gaming experience for virtual reality headsets.

When I ducked down, I was able to see underneath the battlefield, where tiny skeletons lay undisturbed. Dropping farther to the floor let me see below the game board itself, revealing the wooden table that supported this Lilliputian world.

In addition to giving you the ability to walk within a computerized environment, the Vive comes with two handheld controllers that let you interact with what s around you.

The controllers   which were wired in the demo but will be wireless when the Vive ships to developers   were incredibly lightweight and featured clickable thumb pads and trigger buttons.

During one demo, I was tasked with whipping up a soup in the kitchen of a restaurant.

Moving the controllers corresponded perfectly with the motion of the cartoonish white gloves floating in front of me, and pressing the triggers allowed me to pick up different ingredients and place them into a pot.

Read More 
2015-10-18
Recently Public Planet Fitness Inc. To See Growth In The New Year Planet Fitness Inc. (NYSE:PLNT) has been a topic of debate since its recent IPO. A simple web search will bring up plenty of articles that bash the IPO as being a "disappointment," but this stock is anything but that. After its initial launch at $16.00 a share, it has been able to reach a high of $19.65 in the middle of August just shortly after its IPO. This is an increase of roughly 19% in half a month. When looking at charts of the price, you can see that Planet Fitness Inc. is a very volatile stock.

Courtesy of Yahoo Finance

Yahoo Finance has not given Planet Fitness Inc. a beta yet since it is still so new, but one can expect it to be on the higher side. With this in mind, Planet Fitness Inc. is a stock that short-term investors are going to be looking to pick up as the year draws to an end.

It is well known that the fitness industry does extremely well during the holidays and the start of the New Year. Everyone who is unhappy with the way that they look will be making "New Year's resolutions" to get fit and/or to lose weight. With 72 million, or roughly one-third of the American population considered to be clinically obese, this results in a lot of these resolutions. This is a phenomenon that occurs every single year in America. This is something that every company in the fitness industry looks forward to each and every year.

Gym memberships skyrocket in January. The graph above shows that every year from 2008-2014, the month of January has a huge increase in gym memberships. And in order to take full advantage of this tremendous flood of new customers, companies must distinguish themselves in a way so that they can snag as many of these new customers as possible. This is the time of year where market share is most important for Planet Fitness Inc. It has long claimed itself as being one of the largest and fastest growing in the industry, and the beginning of the year is the time to prove that. In an article written in 2013, it stated that "About 350,000 people sign up [for Planet Fitness] in the first week of the year alone" (PLNT's Secret To Success). At the low cost of $10 a month, that first week equates to approximately $3.5 million in revenues. This is why companies offer such great deals around the holidays. This one-time wave of income is extremely appealing and they want to capitalize on more of these resolutions and gain market share. And aside from the big spikes in memberships, the graph also shows a constant upward trend overall. This shows good health for the fitness industry.

From an investor's perspective, there isn't much historic information to go off of for Planet Fitness Inc. since it just became public in August. Aside from Planet Fitness Inc., there aren't any companies in the fitness industry to compare with. This means there is a fair amount of risk involved in this investment. There is no beta for Planet Fitness Inc., so the risk is fairly uncertain, but the payoff could be great. With a low price per share hovering around $16.50 recently, this could be a low-cost investment that could yield great returns. Watch the stock price now and be on the lookout for a dip in price to make a purchase. Hold onto the stocks into January and watch as the price skyrockets when Planet Fitness offers its holiday deals. Watch out for extreme volatility at this time, which is to be expected. Planet Fitness Inc. has already shown a fair amount of volatility over the past few months that it has been around for, and with the craziness that the holidays bring, uncertainty can shake the stock market. This volatility is where the returns will come from. Expectations are unknown so investors will go crazy when Planet Fitness Inc. does so well in the month of January. Revenues will increase tremendously and expenses will remain relatively unchanged.

Franchise Units

Year U.S. Canadian International Company Owned 2015 956 0 0 58 2014 863 0 0 55 2013 704 0 0 45 2012 562 0 0 44 2011 457 0 0 31

Even though this is a short-term investment opportunity, Planet Fitness does claim to be one of the largest and fastest growing in the industry. The number of franchises has grown substantially over the past few years. Since 2011, the number of Planet Fitness franchises has more than doubled, and the company-owned facilities have grown by 87%. With these facts known, it appears that Planet Fitness Inc. is on a fast track for future growth. Entrepreneur.com has Planet Fitness Inc. as the 14th fastest growing franchise, which backs up the idea of growth for this company. This means that Planet Fitness is an option for long-term investors as well. Nasdaq.com gives Planet Fitness Inc. a "strong buy" consensus recommendation and has it growing in price over the next 12 months. Planet Fitness Inc. is a company that will be seeing plenty of growth in the near and distant future. With that in mind, it is a great stock to pick up now and either go for a short-term gain or hold for the large company growth that is predicted over the long term.

Planet Fitness has increased the amount of debt it has over the past two years. In 2013, the interest expense was $9 million and has increased to $22 million in 2014. This is an increase of over 140%. With this increased debt comes the chance for this company to grow significantly. This increase in debt, combined with the equity of becoming public, means it is looking to grow. Most of this debt is long term. The total debt-to-equity ratio for the trailing twelve months is 266.28 while the long-term debt-to-equity ratio is 263.35. Whenever a company has long-term debt, it usually means it is in a growth phase and looking to expand. This is a good thing for investors. A company that is planning for growth is a good investment.

With a total Debt-to-Equity ratio of 266.28, Planet Fitness Inc. is almost entirely funded with debt. Almost all of the capital on its books is funded through long-term debt. The recent IPO is another way for it to raise capital, but it is still greatly funded with debt. This increases the risk associated with Planet Fitness, as does all decisions dealing with debt.

According to Yahoo Finance, Planet Fitness Inc. has a current price-to-earnings ratio of 14.91, which is slightly below the average of the market. The S&P 500 has a current P/E ratio of 17.01. Relative to the market average, Planet Fitness has a very large price-to-book value, sitting at 66.14 compared to 2.31. This means that investors believe that this stock is greatly overpriced. But I believe that in January, investors will see that Planet Fitness is destined for great growth. I expect these ratios to change a lot over the next few months as Planet Fitness begins growing and expanding. Another important ratio to look at for new companies is the price-to-sales ratio. Planet Fitness has 1.99 compared to the market average of 1.59. This ratio is important to look at with new companies because in the early stages they have revenues but may not be profitable yet. A larger price-to-sales ratio usually means a company is overvalued. In the case of Planet Fitness, I believe that this idea of overvaluation is only due to lack of information. This is a measure of revenues, and Planet Fitness has shown nothing but growth in revenues over the years. I expect this ratio to continue to improve into the next few months as the health of the company improves over time.

Even though Planet Fitness has been increasing its debt, financially it is still in good health. Planet Fitness has a current ratio of 1.24, which means its assets still outweigh its current liabilities. This is a measurement used when looking at companies because it is a way to look at the riskiness of investing in it. A current ratio of 1.00 or greater is ideal because it means that a company can pay off its current liabilities with its current assets. The quick ratio is a very similar ratio, except it takes inventory out of the equation and gives a better idea of the company's financial standing. Similarly, a quick ratio of 1.00 is sought after in most cases. Planet Fitness Inc. has a quick ratio of 1.19 which is very good. These two ratios alone show that even though Planet Fitness Inc. has increased its debt, it is still a relatively safe investment over the next few years.

With this long-term debt increase, there is an increase in Property, Plant & Equipment. This is in response to the large amount of franchises that are outstanding. Planet Fitness Inc. needs to purchase more equipment for these new facilities, and with the number of franchises quickly reaching 1,000, the amount of equipment has increased dramatically. The net Property, Plant & Equipment has grown 46.8% from 2013 to 2014. And to keep up with this rise in demand for gym equipment, Planet Fitness has increased its long-term debt.

Overall, Planet Fitness is a rapidly growing company, and in the New Year, it will see a drastic increase as the annual gym membership spike occurs in January. And after this spike, Planet Fitness will continue to grow as the company flourishes with the fitness industry over the long run. It may see some volatility early on as investors are uneasy with the unknown amount of risk, but the trends will be upward and will show improvement as time goes on.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: I do not own any shares of Planet Fitness Inc. 
2015-10-20
Yahoo signs ad pact with Google; earnings and revenue miss Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) said on Tuesday it had signed a search advertising deal with Google Inc, providing a potential boost to Marissa Mayer's efforts to turn around the company, which also reported revenue and profit that fell short of market estimates.

The deal with Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), builds on an existing search partnership Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) under which Yahoo gets a percentage of revenue from ads displayed on its sites.

Yahoo, whose shares were down 1.6 percent in after-hours trading, said the companies have agreed to delay implementation of the deal in the United States to allow the antitrust division of the Department of Justice to review it.

Yahoo has been struggling to boost revenue from ad sales in the face of stiff competition from Google and Facebook (FB.O).

The Google deal was one of the few bright spots included in the company's third-quarter results statement.

Yahoo said it expected fourth-quarter revenue of $1.16 billion $1.20 billion, well below the average analyst estimate of $1.33 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Mayer, in her fourth year as chief executive, said the forecast was "not indicative of the performance we want."

"We are also experiencing continued revenue headwinds in our core (advertising) business, especially in the legacy portions," Mayer said on a call with analysts.

MAVENS PERFORM

Yahoo said the proposed spinoff of its 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) - a key issue for shareholders - may now close in January.

Yahoo earlier this year sought a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to confirm whether the transaction, worth about $27 billion currently, would result in a tax obligation. The tax agency denied the request, but Yahoo said it would go ahead with the spinoff by year-end anyway.

Many analysts attribute little value to Yahoo's core business without its Asian assets, which also include a 35 percent stake in Yahoo Japan Corp (4689.T).

Apart from the Google deal, the only other good news came results came from Yahoo's emerging businesses, which Mayer calls Mavens - mobile, video, native and social advertising.

Revenue in that area rose 43 percent to $422 million in the quarter. Native advertising refers to ads that blend into the type and style of the content being viewed.

Excluding items, the company earned 15 cents per share, missing the average analyst estimate of 17 cents.

Revenue after deducting fees paid to partner websites fell to $1.0 billion from $1.09 billion, and the company forecast a drop to $920 million-$960 million in the current quarter.

Traffic acquisition costs, the amount Yahoo spends to attract users to its websites, jumped to $223 million in the quarter from $54 million a year earlier.

GAAP revenue rose 6.8 percent to $1.23 billion, falling short of the average analyst estimate of $1.26 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Through Tuesday's close of $32.83, Yahoo's shares had lost 35 percent this year.

(Reporting by Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Arathy S Nair; Editing by Ted Kerr) What The Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Spin-Off Means For Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO ... Kyle Anderson: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock has climbed 16% in October. Now investors are awaiting the Q3 earnings report on Tuesday, Oct. 20, as a lackluster report could put an end to that run.

Investors will focus on earnings per share and revenue, but the most important part of the Yahoo Inc. (Nasdaq: YHOO) earnings report will be an update on the Alibaba stock spin-off.

On Sept. 29, Yahoo officials announced that they will be moving forward with spinning off the company s 384 million shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA). Yahoo has previously said it plans to spin off those shares through a tax-free deal during Q4.

Wall Street pundits had some questions about the eligibility of the deal s tax-free status. In an ambiguous letter, the IRS wrote in September that it would issue neither a favorable nor an unfavorable ruling on the deal s tax-free status.

Still, Yahoo s board believes the deal should move forward without any issue from the IRS.

You can see how important the Alibaba stake is to Yahoo when you compare it to Yahoo s total market cap of $31.5 billion. At today s opening price of $71.80, those Alibaba shares are worth more than $27.5 billion.

That means much of Yahoo s business is based entirely on its stake in Alibaba.

MKM Partners  Rob Sanderson detailed this in a letter to investors last month:

 We think Yahoo s core business should support a valuation of 4 times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Ebitda), which implies $4 per share on our current estimates (relatively in-line with consensus). 

According to Sanderson s letter, Yahoo and CEO Marissa Mayer will switch their focus to the company s mobile presence, native advertising revenue, search business, and other core businesses once the spin-off is complete.

But readjusting the company s focus is just one reason Yahoo stock investors want the company to move forward with the Alibaba spin-off 

What the Alibaba Spin-Off Means for Yahoo Stock

More than anything, those invested in Yahoo stock have been waiting months to have cash returned to them from the Alibaba spin-off.

When the spin-off was first announced, company officials said the proceeds would be used for a major stock buyback program.

While shareholders will receive billions from the spin-off, they re hoping the deal takes place sooner rather than later. Over the last year, shareholders have watched the value of that Alibaba stake decline steadily.

Alibaba stock reached a high of $120 per share in November 2014. At that price, Yahoo s stake in Alibaba was worth a whopping $46 billion.

Since then, Alibaba stock has fallen more than 40%. That has cut the value of the spin-off by nearly $20 billion. That s quite a bit of cash that Yahoo shareholders have watched disappear.

Yahoo stock has almost been in lock-step with Alibaba stock during that decline. Since last November, Yahoo stock has fallen more than 31%.

With the Chinese economy reporting slowing growth every quarter, U.S. investors continue to worry about Alibaba stock. Those who are invested in Yahoo stock want the Alibaba spin-off to take place as soon as possible, as many believe BABA will continue to fall.

Since the deal could mean more than $27 billion in cash for Yahoo shareholders, any update on the deal during this week s earnings report will have a major impact on the Yahoo stock price.

The Bottom Line: Yahoo stock is up 16% in October, and investors are hoping the run will continue after tomorrow s earnings report. While some will be watching for EPS and earnings beats, the biggest thing to watch for is an update on the Alibaba spin-off. The deal will return more than $27 billion to the company and its shareholders and is the main reason the stock is up this month.

Brought To You Courtesy of Kyle Anderson

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars;new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Yahoo & Google Together Again In New Search Deal Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape.

Reunited, and it feels so good. Well, we ll see if that line from the classic song plays out for Yahoo, which has revealed it wants to be together with Google again in a deal for search results. The deal excludes Europe, almost certainly to avoid anti-trust issues there. It also will depend on US Department of Justice approval.

The Deal, In Summary

As part of today s Yahoo earning news, it revealed a new search deal with Google:

In October, the Company reached an agreement with Google that provides Yahoo with additional flexibility to choose among suppliers of search results and ads. Google s offerings complement the search services provided by Microsoft, which remains a strong partner, as well as Yahoo s own search technologies and ad products.

Wondering how Yahoo and Google can be together, when Yahoo is supposed to be with Microsoft? What we mean by Yahoo and Google being together again? And what s in the deal? Come along.

Isn t Yahoo With Microsoft?

If you re thinking that Yahoo and Microsoft have a search deal, you remember correctly. They do, and they renewed that in April of this year. Our FAQ: The New Yahoo-Microsoft Deal, Explained story also had more background on that.

As part of the renewal, Yahoo agreed that Bing s ads would appear on 51 percent of the desktop searches that Yahoo delivers. The other 49 percent could be  powered  by Yahoo s own ad system or from any third party that Yahoo wanted to use.

As it turns out, by July, Yahoo was spotted testing using Google s search results and ads. Clearly, Yahoo liked how it went. Now it s planning to do more.

And Yahoo Had Been With Google Before?

Years ago   back in 2000   Yahoo was partnered with Google to carry both Google s search results and ads. That partnership lasted for many years, until Yahoo eventually developed its own in-house search technology and ad serving systems in 2004.

Yahoo gave up its own internal search technology when its search deal with Microsoft was formally established and got the go-ahead in 2010. But that deal never performed as expected, and Yahoo s been looking over the past two years for ways to generate more revenue from search beyond its deal with Microsoft.

What s In The New 3-Year Google Deal?

Let s go to the Form 8-K filing on the deal and look at the officialese, which I ll break down as best I can into regular-speak:

On October 19, 2015, Yahoo! Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Yahoo ), and Google Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Google ), entered into a Google Services Agreement (the  Services Agreement ). The Services Agreement is effective as of October 1, 2015 and expires on December 31, 2018.

Right off, we re talking just over a three-year term. However, the agreement can end early for various reasons, as explained more below.

Google To Power Both Mobile & Desktop

Next up, this:

Pursuant to the Services Agreement, Google will provide Yahoo with search advertisements through Google s AdSense for Search service ( AFS ), web algorithmic search services through Google s Websearch Service, and image search services. The results provided by Google for these services will be available to Yahoo for display on both desktop and mobile platforms.

Basically, this says that Yahoo can show Google s search results. And by search results, that means both the editorial  free  listings, as well as the ads. Yahoo needs to serve both, because it has no editorial listings of its own, no crawler that combs the Web for such content. And Yahoo probably can t   or can t afford   to show Google ads against editorial listings provided by Microsoft s Bing search engine.

Could Yahoo Go Over 51% On Mobile With Google?

Yahoo also can use these results for both mobile and desktop. On desktop, it s limited to a cap of 49 percent that potentially could come from Google, as Microsoft is guaranteed the other 51 percent.

On mobile, Yahoo has no such limit. There, it could choose to fully serve out Google results even at the expense of its own Gemini ads system.

Deal Excludes Europe, Probably For Anti-Trust Reasons

The deal is for these regions:

Yahoo may use Google s services on Yahoo s owned and operated properties ( Yahoo Properties ) and on certain syndication partner properties ( Affiliate Sites ) in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, India, Middle East, Africa, Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, Venezuela, Peru, Australia and New Zealand.

You can see all of North America is covered. Several Asian countries are included, as are Australia and New Zealand. Parts of South America are also covered. What s missing? Europe.

Why not Europe? Google already has an anti-trust action happening against it in the European Union. It probably does not want the attention or criticism of doing a deal with Yahoo there, especially with Google already having a 90-percent or more marketshare in many EU countries.

Yahoo Has Flexibility, Could Skip Google Search Entirely

Next, this:

Under the Services Agreement, Yahoo has discretion to select which search queries to send to Google and is not obligated to send any minimum number of search queries. The Services Agreement is non-exclusive and expressly permits Yahoo to use any other search advertising services, including its own service, the services of Microsoft Corporation or other third parties.

Basically, this says that Yahoo doesn t have to guarantee anything to Google. It could decide to send no queries to Google, if it wanted to.

Yahoo Gets Cut Of Ads, Amount Not Said; Image Search Named

How about getting paid? Well 

Google will pay Yahoo a percentage of the gross revenues from AFS ads displayed on Yahoo Properties or Affiliate Sites. The percentage will vary depending on whether the ads are displayed on U.S. desktop sites, non-U.S. desktop sites or on the tablet or mobile phone versions of the Yahoo Properties or its Affiliate Sites. Yahoo will pay Google fees for requests for image search results or web algorithmic search results.

This is pretty standard, saying that Yahoo will get a percentage of what Google makes off its ads that are shown on the Yahoo network.

That percentage can   and probably will   vary depending on whether it s from desktop or mobile.

Interestingly, there s no minimum guarantee from Google to be paid to Yahoo. That s sometimes the case in these deals. It was in the original Yahoo-Microsoft deal.

Finally, Yahoo is obligated to pay Google if it uses its editorial ( algorithmic ) search results for Web listings or images. This is likely to ensure that Yahoo doesn t take Google s listings but shows Yahoo s own ads against them. In such a case, Google would be earning nothing yet providing a service.

Terminating In Case Of US Opposition

At the end, we get this:

Either party may terminate the Services Agreement (1) upon a material breach subject to certain limitations; (2) in the event of a change in control (as defined in the Services Agreement); (3) after first discussing with the other party in good faith its concerns and potential alternatives to termination (a) in its entirety or in the U.S. only, if it reasonably anticipates litigation or a regulatory proceeding brought by any U.S. federal or state agency to enjoin the parties from consummating, implementing or otherwise performing the Services Agreement, (b) in part, in a country other than the U.S., if either party reasonably anticipates litigation or a regulatory proceeding or reasonably anticipates that the continued performance under the Services Agreement in such country would have a material adverse impact on any ongoing antitrust proceeding in such country,

Some history here. Back in 2008, Yahoo wanted to do a deal with Google. The US Department of Justice decided that would be bad on competitive grounds, so the companies abandoned that.

The DoJ decision left Yahoo with Microsoft as pretty much the only choice for doing a deal. As a result, the deal that Microsoft eventually offered to Yahoo in 2009 was much less lucrative than the one it offered in 2008, when it was competing with Google.

In the years since, the deal arguably has helped Yahoo drop from a second-place search engine in the US with its own search technology to a third-place competitor that s dependent on others.

Clearly, there s a fear that the US competition authorities still might not favor a Yahoo-Google tie-up, despite the fact that Yahoo is less dominant than it last was and a potential argument that the previous DoJ objection helped lead to Yahoo s current decline.

In fact, at the end of the filing, there s this:

In connection with the Services Agreement, Yahoo and Google have agreed to certain procedures with the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice (the  DOJ ) to facilitate review of the Services Agreement by the DOJ, including delaying the implementation of the Services Agreement in the U.S. in order to provide the DOJ with a reasonable period of review.

This is all going to the Department of Justice for review. If approved, the companies will move ahead. Unless 

The EU And India Get Final Word

Even though the deal isn t involving Europe, the agreement has termination language that involves possible EU objections:

(c) in its entirety if either party reasonably anticipates a filing by the European Commission to enjoin it from performing the Services Agreement or that continued performance of the Services Agreement would have a material adverse impact on any ongoing antitrust proceeding involving either party in Europe or India, or

The deal does involve India, where Google also faces antitrust scrutiny, so the language including India makes more sense.

Google is almost certainly so paranoid that the agreement might impact its ongoing antitrust actions in both the EU and India that if gets the idea either political entity will object, the whole deal could be closed.

Other Termination Reasons

There are a few last boilerplate reasons the agreement might be terminated:

(d) in its entirety, on 60 days notice if [sic] the other party s exercise of these termination rights in this clause (3) has collectively and materially diminished the economic value of the Services Agreement. Each party agrees to defend or settle any lawsuits or similar actions related to the Services Agreement unless doing so is not commercially reasonable (taking all factors into account, including without limitation effects on a party s brand or business outside of the scope of the Services Agreement). In addition, Google may suspend Yahoo s use of services upon certain events and may terminate the Services Agreement if such events are not cured. Yahoo may terminate the Services Agreement if Google breaches certain service level and server latency specified in the Services Agreement.

If I read this correctly, either party could end with 60 days notice for any reason. Just because. There s also a nebulous  certain events  that aren t itemized, unknown reasons Google could terminate. Yahoo can drop if Google doesn t serve content up quickly enough.

Stay Tuned For More

The deal is a big deal, even if Yahoo is no longer the search powerhouse it once was. We ll have further coverage of reaction and more details as they emerge, so stay tuned to Search Engine Land.

Postscript   Here s some of our follow-up coverage: Jaguars To Make History Sunday On Yahoo Sunday s Jacksonville Jaguars and Buffalo Bills game will be the first game to be broadcast as part of a new deal done between the NFL and Yahoo! Inc. The game will be played in London with an airtime of 9:30 am and it can be accessed by fans around the world for free.

In keeping with the NFL s long-standing commitment to make its games available on free, over the air television, the game will also be televised in the both the Buffalo (WIVB-TV) and Jacksonville (WTEV-TV) markets

The Bills and Jaguars game will be made available across multiple properties, including Yahoo, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Screen, Tumblr, Roku and other set top boxes. The deal represents the first time the NFL has partnered with a company to live stream a regular season game over the top globally.

 The NFL has always been committed to being at the forefront of media innovation. Through this partnership with Yahoo one of the world s most recognizable digital brands. We are taking another important step in that direction as we continue to closely monitor the rapidly evolving digital media landscape,  said Roger Goodell, in a statement issued by Commissioner of the National Football League.

Yahoo was also excited about the deal as they expressed in their own press release.

 We re thrilled that the NFL has chosen Yahoo for this historic opportunity,  said Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo.  It marks a significant change in the way users can access this amazing content. The NFL and Yahoo have both long engaged football fans around the world. Our partnership provides the ultimate football experience with digital availability, designed for the modern fan. 

With this partnership, the NFL will extend its digital presence, making some of the most valuable content in sports and entertainment available across multiple digital platforms free for all users. The NFL is leveraging Yahoo s global audience, digital advertising capabilities, and delivery platforms, which span desktop, mobile, tablet, connected TVs, and set-top boxes, to ensure that the Bills and Jaguars game is accessible on every screen globally. Yahoo Under Pressure: Breaking Down the Earnings Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

43:49 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo! Inc gives Q3 2015 guidance- Conference Call  
2015-07-07
Sony, Yahoo Japan Look To Shake Up Real Estate Business Homes in the Tokyo suburb of Urayasu, Chiba prefecture. Bloomberg News

Last year, a Sony Corp. corporate planner named Kazuo Nishiyama saw an opportunity in the real-estate business. He observed that in Japan, agents often serve both buyers and sellers while disclosing limited market information, and he thought Sony could do it better.

Now Sony and Yahoo Japan Corp. are putting some serious money behind Mr. Nishiyama s idea. Yahoo Japan, a leading Internet portal, will invest  1.8 billion ($14.7 million) in Sony Real Estate Corp. by acquiring new shares, while Sony itself is injecting  1 billion.

After the new share allocations planned in July, the real estate firm will be 56.3% owned by Sony and 43.7% owned by Yahoo Japan, the companies said Tuesday. Mr. Nishiyama heads the venture.

The companies will offer a new website within the Yahoo domain by the end of this year. The portal would match sellers and buyers directly, and Sony Real Estate would only step in at a later stage to handle legal matters, according to the companies.

Though known for its consumer electronics and entertainment businesses, Sony has long had financial-services businesses in Japan, including a life insurer and an Internet-based bank. Those businesses, along with its profitable image sensors sold to companies like Apple Inc., have propped up the conglomerate while its electronics business racked up losses.

Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai has expressed enthusiasm for real estate and also for entrepreneurial ideas hatched by employees. Those ideas so far include an e-ink based wristwatch and services including an electronic-based notebook to record which prescription drugs people have taken.

A Yahoo Japan spokeswoman said the Internet company which already has a real estate unit approached Sony in September last year because the two companies share the same vision for the housing industry. Japan has a robust market for newly built homes, but buying and selling of existing homes is far less active than in the U.S. 
2015-02-17
Snapchat Said to Seek Up to $19 Billion Value in Funding Snapchat Inc. is seeking a new round of funding that would value the company as high as $19 billion, a person with knowledge of the matter said, making it the third-most valuable venture-backed company in the world.

Snapchat, which makes a mobile application for sending photos and videos that disappear within seconds, wants to raise as much as $500 million, said the person, who asked not to be named because the talks are private. Executives are in advanced discussions with fund managers, the person said.

The Los Angeles-based company would be valued at $16 billion to $19 billion in the financing round, the person said. At that level, Snapchat would be ranked behind only mobile car-booking application Uber Technologies Inc. and Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp. in the top three startups backed by venture capital firms, according to data compiled by researcher CB Insights. Xiaomi is valued at $45 billion, while Uber s latest round pegged its value at $40 billion.

That value is also close to the $22 billion Facebook Inc. paid last year for WhatsApp Inc., a messaging company that now has 700 million users.

Snapchat s valuation has skyrocketed since it was born in 2011 out of a Stanford University fraternity house. Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel, 24, turned down a $3 billion acquisition offer from Facebook in 2013 and went on to raise funds from 23 investors at a $10 billion valuation last year. That increase has corresponded with a surge in venture spending to the highest level in more than a decade.

Jill Hazelbaker, a spokeswoman for Snapchat, declined to comment.

Funding Surge

Venture capitalists pumped $48.3 billion into U.S. companies last year, according to data from the National Venture Capital Association and PricewaterhouseCoopers, the most since 2000. Venture financings of more than $500 million hit a six-year high last year, CB Insights said.

Snapchat lets people take and draw on photos, then send them to select friends or add them to a public  story.  The photos and videos disappear seconds after the recipient views them. The company says its users -- the app is popular among teens -- send more than 700 million disappearing  snaps  and view more than 500 million stories daily.

Last year, Snapchat started showing short-form advertisements that are optional to click on and disappear after they are viewed, like its other content. The company has promised not to use any demographic information to target information to individuals. That differs from the business models of social-media competitors Facebook and Twitter Inc., which pitch their ability to serve advertisers based on their users  interests and activities.

New Features

Snapchat also has been developing new features to make it more of a destination for entertainment, a strategy that could help it lure more viewers and sell more ads.

In January, Snapchat started Discover, a kind of short-form television, betting that its users will like having their news and entertainment curated, as opposed to reading it in a feed as they do on Facebook or Twitter. The service lets users browse content from 11 different channels, including CNN, ESPN, Comedy Central, Cosmopolitan, Vice and Yahoo News.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The company s fast-growing and young audience has already drawn some studios to create exclusive content for the application. Snapchat is getting its own superhero series, where stars from YouTube and Vine are featured in short clips. Vice Media Inc. first released a report that it filmed inside a Chinese bitcoin mine on Snapchat, where it was viewable for 24 hours before disappearing and moving to other platforms.

Snapchat disclosed late last year that it raised $485.6 million from 23 investors, including Yahoo! Inc. and venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Previous investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, Benchmark and Institutional Venture Partners. First Look: Community Heads to Yahoo for Season 6 Attention Greendale, class is back in session.

When Community was canceled by NBC last summer, fans feared they had seen the last of the critically acclaimed comedy.

But Yahoo will release a sixth season of the sitcom on March 17, and PEOPLE has an exclusive first look at the new episodes.

In anticipation of the upcoming release, star Joel McHale tells PEOPLE about the new season and what it was like to be saved from cancellation at  the last hour of the last day. 

Had you given up on getting the chance to return to Greendale Community College?

We d all mourned the loss of the show. We had a commiserating dinner where we all were like,  Well, that s that. It s all over.  We had all moved on and had begun taking meetings other places because we thought it was dead   and then it wasn t. I was thrilled. It was like Buzz Lightyear grabbed us by the shoulders and said,  I m falling with style.  We were like Woody, and we were saved.

Will the new season be different from the NBC seasons?

Well, we aren t restrained by the FCC anymore, but that doesn t mean we ll be nude and cursing all the time. It will be the same show   just about three or four minutes longer than it used to be. It s more of an HBO-length comedy now. I can tell you these are the best scripts I ve ever done. I am skipping to work each day because I am so happy about what is happening.

Yvette Nicole Brown has left the show, but you re getting two new faces around campus.

It seems to be tradition that we lose a cast member and add a cast member every season now. [Laughs] Yvette obviously had a very good reason and we tell her all the time that we hope her dad is doing as well as he can. But [Criminal Minds ] Paget Brewster and [Enlisted s] Keith David are outstanding. They are so good and so funny.

I m so lucky to work with such an amazing group of people. Take Danny Pudi . He should have been nominated for an Emmy for best supporting actor every season. Nobody is making a character like his on television.

What does it mean to you that Yahoo! felt confident in picking the show up after it was canceled?

It was a vindication of the show s popularity and what it meant to the people. For so long, people went,  Oh, it s just a reference show,  which didn t make any sense to me. Yes, a lot of references are made, but there is always a reason for everything that Dan [Harmon] writes. We ll be watching the show and I ll look over, and my wife will be slightly crying while laughing, and I ll just think,  Well, this show is doing its job.  
2015-07-31
Yahoo to Acquire Polyvore SUNNYVALE, Calif. & MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo!, Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and Polyvore, Inc. announced today that they have reached a definitive agreement for Yahoo to acquire Polyvore, a leading social shopping site. The acquisition will enhance Yahoo s consumer and advertiser offerings -- Polyvore will strengthen Yahoo s digital magazines and verticals through the incorporation of community and commerce, and together Yahoo and Polyvore will power native shopping ads that drive traffic and sales to retailers. Broadly, Polyvore will accelerate Yahoo s Mavens growth strategy (mobile, video, native, social) through its strong offerings in social, native, and mobile.

On Polyvore, users put together sets of clothing, accessories, and lifestyle goods that express their love for style and shopping in a compelling, digital, social setting. In addition to natural integrations with Yahoo Style and Yahoo Beauty, Polyvore s strong media experience, where community-powered content is curated and actionable for shoppers, will enhance the full portfolio of Yahoo s digital magazines and verticals. When it comes to advertising, Polyvore s technology will bring a proven native ad model, new compelling native ad formats, and strong advertising relationships with more than 350 retailers to Yahoo s fast-growing native advertising platform, Yahoo Gemini.

 Polyvore has built an excellent team, a category leading product, and a strong business based on a highly engaged community,  said Simon Khalaf, Yahoo s SVP of Publisher Products.  The combination of Yahoo s industry-leading digital content with Polyvore s expertise in community and commerce has outstanding potential. We are thrilled to have the Polyvore team join us. 

 I m delighted to join Yahoo. Our core mission of empowering people to feel good about their style will remain the same, but with Yahoo s help we ll be able to make Polyvore even bigger and better for our user community,  said Jess Lee, Co-Founder and CEO, Polyvore.  I m also excited that we ll be able to deliver more scale to our advertisers by integrating our ad offerings into Yahoo Gemini. 

Following the closing of the acquisition, Polyvore products and services will continue to operate. With Yahoo s support and investment, we expect Polyvore to continue to delight its community, while introducing Polyvore s expertise on community, commerce, and rich native ads across the Yahoo network. The Polyvore team will join respective Yahoo offices in Sunnyvale, San Francisco and New York and Polyvore Co-Founder and CEO Jess Lee will report directly to Simon Khalaf.

The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions.

About Polyvore

Polyvore is a shopping site where you can give and get styling ideas from the world's largest style community. Polyvore provides brands and retailers a way to connect with influential consumers and drive sales through native advertising solutions. Polyvore is venture-backed and has offices in Mountain View, San Francisco and New York. For more info, visit www.polyvore.com.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Yahoo's proposed acquisition of Polyvore (including without limitation the statements contained in the quotations from management in this press release), as well as Yahoo's strategic and operational plans. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed; and that the anticipated benefits to Yahoo, including strengthened relationships with retailers, expanded product ads, and acceleration of its Mavens growth strategy, as well as the anticipated benefits to users and advertisers may not be realized. More information about potential factors that could affect Yahoo's business and financial results is included under the captions, "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, which are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Google, Amazon Show Investors Cost Control Is Key for Tech Investors have started to reward Internet companies that can show both financial discipline and a path to long-term growth, making Amazon.com Inc. and Google Inc. the clear winners of the technology earnings season.

Google kept costs in check in the second quarter, and shareholders cheered with a 16 percent stock gain after the search giant released better-than-expected results. Amazon also surged after posting a surprise profit, demonstrating that the Web retailer is capable of making money when it puts a brake on spending.

 Internet investors are focused more on growth in users and revenue,  said Paul Sweeney, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence.  Amazon is the best example of this investor mindset. However, whenever a company throttles back its expenses and drives profits, as Amazon and Google did this quarter, investors are pleased and drive the stock higher. 

By contrast, Facebook Inc., which vowed to keep its brisk pace of investments to lure users and advertisers, fell as Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg was short on details about money-making plans for the company s newer initiatives, like WhatsApp and Oculus. LinkedIn Corp. and Twitter Inc. slumped over concerns that user growth is slowing. Microsoft Corp. posted its largest-ever quarterly loss. And Apple Inc. failed to meet analysts  predictions for iPhone sales and growth for the current quarter.

 The second quarter was very much a mixed bag,  Sweeney said.

Advertising Winners

Technology companies in the Standard & Poor s 500 Index beat analysts  earnings estimates at a 71 percent pace so far in the season, data compiled by Bloomberg show. The rate is lower than for the entire S&P 500 Index -- at 74 percent -- with notable misses including Yahoo! Inc. and Oracle Corp.

 The big players in digital advertising are winning, which are Google and Facebook,  said John Fox, director of research at Fenimore Asset Management Inc. in Cobleskill, New York, who helps oversee more than $2 billion.  They re doing very well. A lot of the smaller digital companies are not doing well. 

Here s a look at the companies:

Google, Amazon

Google s shares surged after Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat signaled plans to bring more restraint to spending at the Internet search giant.

 The priority is revenue growth,  Porat said on a conference call after the report, her first at Google.  We have a breadth of opportunity, but pursuing revenue growth is obviously not inconsistent with expense management. 

For Amazon, a day of sales on July 15 to mark the company s 20th anniversary, called Prime Day, exceeded expectations. The promotion, designed to drive Prime membership signups, generated orders surpassing Black Friday, the annual U.S. sales event that kicks off the year-end holiday shopping season. Revenue for the company s cloud-services business rose 81 percent year over year, and 49 percent from the previous quarter.

On the cost side, operating expenses grew slower than sales, rising 17 percent to $22.7 billion, Seattle-based Amazon said. Spending on marketing and fulfillment centers were unchanged as a percentage of sales compared with a year earlier, according to Brian Olsavsky, Amazon s chief financial officer.

Facebook, Microsoft

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Facebook reported second-quarter revenue that beat analysts  estimates, but investors were disappointed by the growth of the company s applications that could be making billions on their own. The focus for the three apps -- WhatsApp, Instagram and Messenger -- was still on expanding their communities, Zuckerberg said. Messenger has 700 million users, more than double the size of Twitter Inc.; WhatsApp has 800 million; and Instagram has more than 300 million. Instagram started to sell advertising, but it s not going to have an impact on Facebook s bottom line for a long time, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said.

Microsoft posted its largest-ever quarterly loss and offered a disappointing sales forecast. Net loss amounted to $3.2 billion due to a $7.5 billion writedown of Microsoft s Nokia handset unit.

While revenue from Microsoft s cloud-computing business rose, sales of Windows to PC makers and corporate customers sagged. The writedown was an acknowledgment that the Nokia deal had lost almost all its value after failing to rescue the company s smartphone business.

Microsoft shares fell 3.7 percent the day after the company reported, the biggest single-day decline since late January.

Twitter, LinkedIn

While Twitter s second-quarter sales topped analysts  estimates, the company posted disappointing numbers on user growth. Chief Executive Officer Jack Dorsey and Chief Financial Officer Anthony Noto took a critical tone on the pace of expansion on their earnings call with analysts, saying they have a lot of work to do and don t expect significant progress anytime soon.

LinkedIn increased its annual revenue forecast, topping analysts  estimates, but said most of the gain will come from the acquisition of the education website Lynda.com. Shares of the professional-networking website slumped on concerns that the company s core growth areas were slowing.

 The bar has been high for technology companies this season,  said Dan Veru, who helps oversee $4.5 billion as chief investment officer at Fort Lee, New Jersey-based Palisade Capital Management LLC.  LinkedIn is a perfect case in point. The bar was high, but investors didn t like the way they beat it because they beat it with an acquisition closing. 

Investors are concerned about LinkedIn s core business and  what it really is,  Veru said.  That s why the stock is down,  he said. Tech news veteran Scott Ard named editor in chief of Silicon Valley Business ...  Yahoo! Inc to acquire Polyvore  
2015-08-10
Tishman Gets Creative in El Segundo After getting a taste of the creative office market in Playa Vista, New York real estate firm Tishman Speyer set its sights on the blossoming market in El Segundo.

Late last month, the company bought a 260,000-square-foot low-rise flex building at 555 S. Aviation Blvd. for $45 million, or roughly $170 a square foot. The seller was the Larry & Laura Worchell Family Trust.

Tishman plans to convert the building into a creative office campus, said Mark Laderman, the firm s regional managing director.

The building is fully occupied by Xerox Corp., which has a lease for almost two more years. Once it vacates, Tishman will begin a multimillion-dollar renovation, Laderman said.

The single-story building has 17-foot ceilings, so it s basically a large box. Tishman plans to cut portions out of the property to build atriums that will let in light.

 We re going to completely redo the landscape and completely blow out the inside of the building,  Laderman said.

The firm will renovate the base building and allow tenants to build out offices to their own specifications.

This is the firm s first true venture with creative office outside of Playa Vista. Tishman developed the Campus at Playa Vista at 12045 W. Waterfront Drive, home to the L.A. offices of Facebook Inc. It also developed the Collective campus at 11975-10215 W. Bluff Creek Drive, which Yahoo Inc. recently moved into, and the recently completed Brickyard campus at 12105 and 12126 W. Waterfront.

 What has happened to Playa Vista over the past 18 months has shifted Silicon Beach south, and I think that bodes really well for the South Bay, especially because you have traditional executive housing with Manhattan Beach, Redondo Beach, Hermosa Beach and Palos Verdes nearby,  Laderman said.

Chris Sinfield and Tom Sheets of Cushman & Wakefield represented both the buyer and the seller in the transaction. David Hasbrouck also represented the seller. Yahoo is going old-school with its latest move Cars drive by the landmark Yahoo billboard on October 21, 2008, in San Francisco, Calif.

Cars drive by the landmark Yahoo billboard on October 21, 2008, in San Francisco, Calif. Photograph by Justin Sullivan Getty Images

Yahoo is going old-school with its latest move

After four years, Yahoo is bringing back its signature San Francisco billboard that became an iconic landmark for drivers along Interstate 80.

That billboard, if you remember, was a charming hark back to those 1960s-style motel signs that dot highways across America. Commuters heading towards the Bay Bridge would be greeted by Yahoo's previous yellow-and-purple "check-in" billboard, complete with a "vacancy" sign and a tagline that read "Where the World Checks In Daily."

Now, Yahoo is replacing that sign with more generic Yahoo branding, according to the company's Tumblr page . To mark the company's 20th anniversary, the first weekend will feature the line "It's Good to be Back." Subsequent editions will promote product offerings and local events.

The sign can be seen here in comparison with its predecessor: Target plays catch-up in removing gender-based toy labels The toy aisle is getting a gender-neutral makeover.

Target Corp. is the latest retailer, following Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Toys R Us Inc., to start removing gender-based labels from its toy shelves.

The Minneapolis-based retailer said children's bedding and toy aisles will now be marked with the universal term  kids  instead of  boys  and  girls.  Target also said it would remove the pink, blue, yellow and green paper on the back of its toy shelves, which also referred to gender. It will be replaced with a neutral wood grain tone paper, said Molly Snyder, Target spokeswoman.

Target said guests have indicated in the past that signs sorting items by brand, age or gender can help them find products faster.

"But we know that shopping preferences and needs change," the company said in the blog post Friday. "As guests have pointed out, in some departments like Toys, Home or Entertainment, suggesting products by gender is unnecessary."

In June, Ohio mom Abi Bechtel tweeted a photo of a Target sign that listed "Building Sets" and "Girls' Building Sets," and said, "Don't do this, @target." The picture was retweeted more than 2,000 times.

Over the last few years, the toy industry has gravitated away from gender-specific labeling, said Jim Silver, chief executive and editor-in-chief of TTPM, a toy review site for consumers.

"The labeling of boys and girls toys is slowly disappearing," he said. "There's definitely more crossover appeal than there was 10 years ago."

He added that many retail stores will categorize aisles by product, like an action figure aisle or a doll aisle, rather than specifying gender. For instance, Wal-Mart tries to maximize its space by putting two to three categories in one aisle, and may have a game wall. Toys R Us also categorizes its products.

"Retailers, for the most part, have been doing this for a pretty long time," Silver said.

For Target, "this is a little bit of playing catch-up," he said.

The trend extends beyond the U.S. to Britain and Australia, said Elizabeth Sweet, a lecturer in the sociology department at UC Davis who wrote her dissertation on toys, gender and inequality.

"I think what is happening with Target plays into a much larger global movement," she said.

Tom Meyvis, a professor of marketing at New York University's Stern School of Business, said removing gender labels from toys gives more power to the consumer, a trend in marketing.

"To some extent, you give more control to the customer," he said. "So customers can decide for themselves what is the ideal product for their son or daughter, rather than being told this is the category your child falls into."

Target said the changes would happen over the next few months and that it would identify other areas where gender-based signs were unnecessary.

For more business news, follow @smasunaga. 
2015-08-27
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Hedge Fund Says Sack Mayer, Beat Netflix, Inc ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is still trying hard to rebrand itself after it has been practically swept aside in the tech space by the likes of Google, Facebook and Twitter. Yahoo has made some smart moves; it has unveiled some apps, and it has started getting a toehold in the online ads business. Yet, one of its most vocal investors think that the firm should transform to a video streaming firm with a new CEO at the helm.

In an article published on Forbes, Eric Jackson who manages a hedge fund that holds a stake in Yahoo says that the firm needs to change its core business. Eric has been a vocal Yahoo investor since 2006. He said that but for Yahoo s stake in Alibaba, Yahoo! Japan and Cash Investments, the firm s core business is worth only $2.2B. In his words, Yahoo is  trying to reinvent itself in the mobile age, it hasn t been successful. What Yahoo apps do you have on your phone? That s the problem .

Yahoo to copy Netflix

Jackson s plan for Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) sounds very drastic as he suggests that the firm pivot to become a video entertainment platform. In his words, he says,  Yahoo should turn itself into an alternative Over-The-Top video subscription channel that competes against Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX), Amazon, and Hulu. There are few places to subscribe to unique premium content online today .

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

He thinks that Yahoo might be able to supplant Hulu in the video streaming market while challenging Netflix for top spot in that space. He says that Yahoo has the content assets that could give it a good start in the video streaming space. In his words,  Yahoo already produces a lot of content today. It could do new content around some of its home-grown talent like NBA expert Adrian Wojnarowski.  However, it is doubtful that cable companies would give Yahoo breathing space now that they are already pushed to the limit by the increase in cord-cutting activities.

Mayer must go

Apart from the drastic changes that Jackson proffered for Yahoo s core business; he also suggested an overhaul of the management in a move that will see Marissa Mayer dropping the reins at the firm. In his words,  Yahoo would likely need new owners and a new leader .

He is suggesting that Jason Kilar, former Hulu CEO and founder of Vessel, should take over from Mayer. Vessel is the online video subscription service wants to supplant Google s YouTube in the online video space.

The plans outlined by Eric Jackson for the pivot of Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) are drastic and are not likely to be adopted by the board. Nonetheless, the plan calls into question the focus of Marissa Mayer s leadership and the possibility that Yahoo will not eventually go the way of MySpace. Cuba's Internet Dilemma: How to Emerge From the Web's Stone Age Julio Hernandez is a telecommunications engineer, but like almost anyone else in Cuba who wants to get on the Internet, to do so he must crouch on a dusty street corner with his laptop, inhaling car exhaust and enduring sweltering heat.

That privilege costs him $2 an hour, expensive in a nation where the average state-paid salary is $20 a month.

The Internet is essential for today s business, finance, communications and information, but today hasn t dawned in Cuba, which still has some of the worst Internet access in the world. It s restricted to a few workplaces and fewer than 4 percent of homes, including those of senior officials, foreign executives and media, doctors and artists. It s unavailable on the country s 1991-vintage 2G mobile-phone network.

President Raul Castro s government recognizes the problem, but faces a dilemma: how to expand Internet access to boost its economy and satisfy its population while maintaining control of information. Cuban officials say at least 50 percent of the population will have residential Internet service and 60 percent will have mobile phones by 2020, without saying how they ll achieve that.

 Delayed the Inevitable 

 It s stupid how much they ve delayed the inevitable,  said Carlos Alzugaray, a former Cuban ambassador to the European Union and professor at the University of Havana.  Meanwhile, we re losing ground -- we re in the Stone Age. 

The Internet was used by 30 percent of Cuba s population in 2014, according to the International Telecommunication Union, compared with 57 percent in its ally Venezuela and 87 percent in the U.S.

Key government ministries, joint ventures, universities and hospitals have Internet access, but using it is a slow trip back in time with a dial-up modem. Forget about streaming video or downloading or uploading large files.

Lucky Few

For the lucky few with access at work or home, e-mail and an intranet of approved sites downloaded to local servers is as good as it gets. A file that would take 4 minutes and 10 seconds to download in Cuba would be instantaneous in most American homes and workplaces.

Broadband service is restricted to top tourist hotels, select business centers and approved media outlets.

That s slowly starting to change. State-run cybercafes opened two years ago, charging 4.50 an hour. Last month, the state telecom monopoly Etecsa created 35 broadband Wi-Fi hotspots across the island, where the public can surf the Web, as Hernandez does.

It s not as fast as broadband in the U.S., but it s a huge improvement.

 Ration Cards 

 Before this, we had nothing,  said Ramon Mazon, a pizzeria worker who traveled 15.5 miles (25 kilometers) to an outdoor hotspot in central Havana for a video chat with relatives in the U.S.  In this day and age, we should have access to Internet a few hours a day, just like we have food ration cards. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Thanks to new regulations issued by President Barack Obama as part of his push to normalize relations, U.S. companies -- from information technology giants such as Google Inc. to mobile phone providers AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc.-- could help lift Cuba out of the Internet Stone Age. But it s not clear that the Castro government wants a lift from them at the risk of ceding some control and influence to American companies.

In the rare broadband Wi-Fi oases -- the lobbies of top tourist hotels -- tech-savvy young Cubans discreetly surf on their phones, circumventing log-on fees as high as $17 an hour at one Spanish chain hotel. They share Wi-Fi connections or use apps to tap into servers overseas. They re doing what s needed to  resolver  -- overcome the barriers to online access in Cuba.

Faster Service

Etecsa is testing 3G and 4G mobile phone service that could provide Internet access, although there s been no indication of who could get it.

The Castro government has long blamed the U.S. trade embargo for  blockading  Cuba, condemning it to being a technology backwater. That barrier disappeared in January, when Obama made it legal for U.S. telecommunications companies to do business in Cuba -- from erecting mobile phone towers and positioning satellites to laying fiber-optic cable and selling iPhones.

Over the past several months, U.S. companies have made quiet visits, assessing the market and weighing opportunities, though none has yet made a deal with the government.

A team from Google visited in June and suggested it could provide antennas to bring high-speed connections to 70 percent of homes within three years at little to no cost to Cuba, according to journalist Fernando Ravsberg, who writes the blog  Cartas Desde Cuba  (Letters from Cuba.)

Government Suspicious

The idea has been met by questions from the Cuban government, suspicious that Google may have ties to the State Department and fearful that the U.S. could use the technology to spy on Cuba or scheme for regime change, according to Cuban officials who asked not to be identified. Google spokeswoman Niki Christoff declined to comment.

Harold Cardenas, co-founder of the blog  La Joven Cuba  (Young Cuba), said he wants an open Internet as soon as possible, but he understands why his government may be hesitant to make deals with U.S. companies.

 If you were in a dispute with your neighbor for 50 years and now you re friends, it s a little risky to give your neighbor access to your whole garden, because you might be fighting again tomorrow,  he said.  A country s telecommunications is a matter of national security. 

At the same time, Cardenas added:  The government has to give Internet to the people or it s going to lose the hearts and minds of Cuban youth. And that s already happening. 

Turning to China

Cuba may turn to China for an answer.

A document was leaked last month that purports to be Etecsa s plan to build residential broadband using Chinese telecommunications companies ZTE Corp. and Huawei Technologies Co. rather than American companies.

Critics say the Castro government is slow-rolling broadband to restrict access to information. Cuba blocks pornography and anti-Castro websites, but there are fewer firewalls than there are in China.

Websites including those of Yahoo! Inc., the State Department and blogs such as Cartas Desde Cuba and La Joven Cuba, which sometimes are critical of the government, were easily accessible this month to those who could reach the Internet. Cubans can travel freely now, and have access to foreign television via memory sticks sold widely on the black market.

 To open or not open the Internet is a silly argument, because Cuban censors have already lost control of the information people have,  Ravsberg said. Derrick Rose accused of rape in civil lawsuit, strongly denies allegations Chicago Bulls point guard Derrick Rose has been named in a civil lawsuit alleging that he and two other men drugged a woman, broke into her apartment and raped her.

A lawyer for Rose strongly denied the accusation, categorizing it as "completely false and without any factual basis."

TMZ reported late Wednesday that the woman who has filed suit, "identified only as Jane Doe," alleges that the 2010-11 NBA Most Valuable Player and two of his longtime friends   Ryan Allen, the younger brother of Memphis Grizzlies guard Tony Allen, and Randall Hampton, identified in a December 2014 New York Times story as "Rose's manager"   committed sexual acts against her will in August 2013.

Ron Clements of the Sporting News has more on the suit, filed Wednesday in Los Angeles County Superior Court:

According to court documents obtained by Omnisport, a sister company of Sporting News, the woman said she was in a two-year relationship with Rose. She said they met at a Los Angeles party in October 2011 and began texting each other shortly thereafter. They began  meeting regularly and formed an intimate relationship with one another. 

The plaintiff claims she met with Rose approximately 12 times in 2011 and about 10 times in 2012, with another five meetings in 2013, ending with the alleged rape.

No criminal charges were sought stemming from the alleged incidents. The civil complaint says the woman was "reluctant" to report the rape to authorities because she feared retaliation and "did not wish jail time" for Rose. Instead, she filed a civil lawsuit with hopes of recovering what she says are damages to her life from the alleged incident.

In her lawsuit, the civil complaints against Rose, Hampton and Allen are sexual battery, battery, trespassing, conspiracy to trespass and commit rape and battery, a civil action for gender violence, intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligent infliction of emotional distress and a claim for declaratory relief. The plaintiff has requested a trial by jury.

As TMZ reported, the complaint alleges that Rose "tried to pressure [the plaintiff] to masturbate in front of him, allow him to have sex with her friends and engage in group sex with strangers, all of which she says she refused," but that she continued her relationship with Rose.

The suit also claims that Rose, Hampton and Allen slipped a drug into her drink during a visit to Rose's Beverly Hills, Calif., home on Aug. 26, 2013, and that their pursuit of her continued after she and a friend left Rose's house:

They took a cab back to the plaintiff s Los Angeles apartment, where she claims the three men broke into her home and then forcibly had sex with her. The complaint says the plaintiff "has very little recollection of the events" because she was incapacitated by the drugs but had several "flashes" of memory of specific moments.

The woman claims that Allen, who was briefly on the Bulls roster in 2012, called her a month later, stated he  was not aware  the woman was drugged and thought  she had wanted it  while adding that  girls in L.A. ask them to have group sex because they recognize them as NBA players. 

It was after this conversation, the woman claims she was encouraged by a friend  to pursue legal action against the men.  The woman says she waited to take action because she felt "ashamed and embarrassed" from the encounter. She also felt concerned over what her "conservative family" would think of her.

After news of the complaint broke, Lisa Cohen, Rose's lawyer, denied the allegations against her client in an early Thursday morning statement detailed by Liz Mullen of the Sports Business Journal:

The plaintiff's allegations are completely false and without any factual basis. This is nothing more than a desperate attempt to shake down a highly respected and successful athlete. Mr. Rose was in a non-exclusive, consensual sexual relationship with the plaintiff for over two years. The plaintiff expressed no complaints about Mr. Rose until various lawyers began to surface and demand that the plaintiff be paid millions of dollars. This is the third lawyer the plaintiff has retained in this matter. Two years have passed since Mr. Rose ended the consensual relationship with the plaintiff and her claims are as meritless now as they were two years ago. We have complete confidence that the case will be dismissed and that Mr. Rose will be vindicated. This lawsuit is outrageous. 
2015-02-04
Up To Speed: Yahoo picks unit to bundle with Alibaba stake in spinoff (Video)  Turning Shark Attacks and Hair Style Tips Into a Big IPO If you ve come across stories like  13 Things Your Hairstylists Won t Tell You  and, the  Top 10 Most Terrifying Shark Attacks!  when surfing the Internet, then you re already familiar with what may be the next big initial public offering out of Israel.

Critics may love to accuse Outbrain Inc. and Taboola of degrading publishers  websites with tacky content, but the Israeli companies have investors  attention because readers are clicking away. They served up articles, videos and lists (or  listicles  in the industry s vernacular) that were viewed by more than one billion people worldwide in December, according to comScore Inc.

Now Outbrain is planning an IPO in the U.S. at a valuation of about $1 billion, and Taboola raised $117 million a pre-IPO funding round. While Outbrain hasn t indicated its deal is imminent, the offering is perhaps the most anticipated IPO out of Israel this year.

The two rival startups, whose algorithms spit out a mix of free and sponsored stories that appear at the bottom of online articles, have grown by winning over publishers seeking to boost readership and ad revenue as Facebook Inc. and Twitter Inc. remake the media landscape.

 It s really necessary in an age where Google and Facebook and Twitter are becoming increasingly careful about how they direct traffic for free,  Ian Sigalow, a partner at Greycroft Partners, a venture capital firm that has invested in rival ad tech companies, said by phone from New York.  It s hugely scalable, it s going to make a lot of money. 

$3.4 Billion

Outbrain and Taboola make their recommendation algorithms free to web publishers like Time.com or CNN.com, who use them to promote their own stories.

The startups make money by charging outside parties -- publishers looking to buy more traffic, or companies marketing products -- to have their links included in the algorithm s index of recommended articles. If a reader clicks on a link that takes them off the host publisher s site, Outbrain and Taboola get paid, and they split that revenue with the publisher.

Taboola and Outbrain are the dominant distributors of so-called sponsored content, or ads designed to mimic news stories, a niche of the advertisement industry that s forecast to reach $3.4 billion in revenue by 2018, according to Business Intelligence.

A Bloomberg index of the most-traded Israeli stocks in the U.S. fell 0.3 percent at 12:23 p.m. in New York.

Variable Sales

To go public, Outbrain will have to distinguish itself from the last wave of ad tech IPOs, many of which did not end well for investors, said Sundeep Chanana, a partner at Waller Capital Partners LLC, a New York-based investment bank focused on technology and media companies.

Rocket Fuel Inc., a digital-advertising firm that went public at $29 a share in 2013 and sold equity again in 2014 at $61 a share, now trades at $12.34. Millenial Media Inc., a mobile ad company, has tumbled almost 90 percent from its IPO price.

The ad tech industry is still nascent and sales are highly variable because they re based on clicks, something stock investors don t like, Chanana said.

Taking ad tech firms public  is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole,  he said.

Taboola generated more than $200 million in revenue in 2014, compared with less than $10 million in 2012, according to founder and chief executive officer Adam Singolda. Outbrain s revenue is 25 to 30 percent higher than that, according to a person familiar with the company s sales. Outbrain CEO Yaron Galai declined to comment on current revenue and the company s IPO plans.

Goldman, JPMorgan

Outbrain, founded in 2006, filed confidentially with U.S. regulators to go public in the first quarter of 2015, according to people familiar with the matter who declined to be identified because the information isn t public. It hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. to manage the offering, and may seek a valuation of about $1 billion, the people said.

Taboola raised $117 million in a financing round led by Fidelity Management and Research Co. and arranged by Credit Suisse Group AG, the company said today in a statement.

Beyond Outbrain, the Israeli IPO pipeline looks thin. Approximately six companies, mostly biotech firms, are planning offerings worth about $60 million this year, following a record $1.6 billion in 2014, data compiled by Bloomberg show.

Outbrain and Taboola have come under fire from technology and media critics who say the content they recommend is low-brow clickbait and that readers will grow bored and stop clicking.

 Eroding Trust 

 The business model is revenue now for a tiny erosion in trust that won t hurt until later,  Jay Rosen, a journalism professor at New York University, said in an interview.  There is no fix for that. 

While both companies acknowledge the quality concerns, they espouse opposing philosophies on how to deal with it.

Outbrain co-founder Galai, a softspoken 43-year-old on his fourth Internet startup, has staked Outbrain s success on policing the quality of content he recommends. He prunes his stable of advertisers for violating Outbrain s content guidelines, something that cost him 25 percent of revenue in 2012, he said. He complains that less scrupulous competitors are giving the industry a bad name.

 Everytime we make one of these cuts, it s a party  for the competition, he said in an interview at Outbrain s New York headquarters.  I want users to know exactly what they re seeing and what they might be clicking on, and click only if that has merit. 

Kim Kardashian

Singolda, a musician s son who spent seven years in the encryption unit of the Israeli army, has a more laissez-faire approach. He outsources the decision to publishers with a feature called  Taboola Choice,  and lets readers give negative feedback on stories to refine future suggestions.

 You may think Kim Kardashian is low quality, others think it s okay,  he said in an interview at Taboola s New York headquarters.  We became editors  best friends, because instead of telling them what s good or bad, we empower them to make decisions. 

Questions about sustainability haven t stopped larger companies like Yahoo! Inc. and AOL Inc. from getting into the recommendation business.

Competition to win publisher contracts is so intense it s forcing some industry players to promote more low-quality links or reduce their revenue cut in order to win publisher contracts by guaranteeing higher ad revenue up front, said Reggie Renner, the founder of a rival startup called ZergNet that allows publishers to boost traffic by recommending each others stories.

The competition was fierce enough that IAC/InteractiveCorp shut down its own content-recommendation unit, nRelate, in December. IAC declined to comment through its press office.

 Guarantees are king right now,  Renner said by phone from Indianapolis.  They all want to raise as much money as they can to outbid everybody, to win the distribution and try to put the other guys out of business. 

(A previous version of this story was updated after Taboola corrected its 2012 annual revenue in 14th paragraph.) Why You Should Not Download Microsoft's Windows 10 Preview (And Why You Should) Microsoft s Windows 10 won t be available until this fall, but you can already get an early look at the operating system by downloading Microsoft s free Windows 10 Technical Preview.

But before you install what is essentially a beta release of Windows 10 on your computer, you ll want to weigh the benefits of doing this against a few important downsides.

Why you shouldn t download the Windows 10 Preview

1. Bugs, bugs, and more bugs

The Windows 10 Technical Preview is just that, a preview of what Windows 10 will be like when it is finally released later this year. And like any software preview, the Windows 10 Technical Preview is rife with bugs and glitches.

There are performance issues, visual distortions, and compatibility problems that could negatively impact your PC, your data files, and your sanity. Things like printers, scanners, and a host of other accessories likely won t work with your computer after installing the preview, and there s a chance that the operating system (OS) just won t work well enough for your needs.

So if you only have one PC and aren t absolutely dying to try the Windows 10 preview, save yourself the headache, and wait for the final version of the OS. Or, if you re really conservative, then update your system after the first release.

2. Not all of the cool features Microsoft announced are live yet

When Microsoft showed us Windows 10 at its Jan. 21 event, the tech giant gave us a look at some pretty slick features, including cross-platform game support, a new Web browser code-named Spartan, and a virtual world capability called Windows Holographic.

Unfortunately, the current technical preview doesn t include these features. That s because the Windows 10 preview isn t finished. It s still being built, and there are holes in it.

So if you want to play with all of the Windows 10 features Microsoft touted in its announcements, you re better off just waiting for the operating system s final release this fall.

Why you should install the Windows 10 Preview

1. It s not Windows 8!

If you ve been holding off on upgrading your PC from Windows XP or Windows 7 to Windows 8, and you re finally ready for something new, then the Windows 10 Preview might be worth checking out.

Read More 
2015-03-24
Acer's Chromebook 15 Is a Big-Screen Chromebook Worth Buying So far, most Chromebooks (with the exception of Google s Pixel) have been inexpensive, and on the small side. They re good, utilitarian, compact portables.

But Acer s new Chromebook 15 is a pickup truck. With a massive 15.6-inch, 1920 x 1080 resolution display, Acer s offering is the largest laptop running Google s Chrome OS that you can buy. And like a base model Ford F150, this Chromebook, with a starting price of $249, might be a deal that s too good to pass up.

A beast in both size and looks

The Chromebook 15 s large display is certainly a plus for people looking for a big-screen laptop on the cheap, but it also comes with some tradeoffs: its bulky and not very attractive design.

For comparison s sake, at 15.1 x 9.7 x 0.95 inches and weighing a hefty 4.9 pounds, the Chromebook 15 is far larger than Apple s top-of-the-line 15-inch MacBook Pro, which measures 14.1 x 9.7 x 0.71 inches and weighs 4.5 pounds. (The Macbook Pro starts at a wallet-draining $2,000, however).

The Acer s build quality isn t exactly the best, either. Everything feels solid and properly put together, but it s just that the laptop s body is made of a stiff plastic that feels cheap. The notebook s white paint job doesn t do it any favors, either: It s practically begging to be scuffed and stained.

Open the Chromebook 15 s lid, and you re met by its full-size keyboard and touchpad. On either side of those are the Chromebook s two huge top-mounted speakers. While I appreciate the fact that Acer wants to give this machine some multimedia chops, I would have liked to see a dedicated number pad added to the Chromebook 15, rather than two giant speakers.

Google s second-generation Chromebook Pixel, with its seamless metal design, is proof that Chromebooks don t have to be unattractive, but that looks come at a steep price. In the Pixel s case, that price is a whopping $1,000.

A big, beautiful display

The Chromebook 15 s biggest selling point is its huge   for a Chromebook   15.6-inch display. The $249 base version of the Chromebook 15 comes with a 15-inch, 1366 x 768 display, a relatively low resolution for such a large screen.

Add an extra $100 to the price tag, and you ll get a far sharper 15-inch, 1920 x 1080 panel. Text on the panel looked exceedingly crisp, and details in images were easy to spot. The screen s matte coating also keeps light reflectivity down, and its viewing angles are decent.

Read More 
2015-10-11
Six Tech Companies That Got Hammered in 2015 With 2015 more than three-quarters over, it's safe to say some companies have had a tremendous year (looking at you, Amazon), while some others would like to just forget it and move on to 2016 if they are even alive by then, of course.

Here are six companies that have faltered in the past nine months:

Twitter: Jack is back, and Twitter is back on track or so they say. Twitter has been in major flux recently without a permanent CEO in place until this month, when co-founder Jack Dorsey officially took the position after being interim CEO since July. It s been struggling for the last several quarters to haul in new users and to monetize the ones it has. In August, Twitter s stock price was at $21, the lowest since its initial public offering (IPO).

In its commitment to simplify and appeal to more people, Twitter is trying lots of ideas. Moments, a new feature that curates the news with tweets, was received well by the media. The rough sketch idea of removing its iconic 140-character limit? Not so much.

On Thursday, Dorsey made his first public appearance as the new permanent Twitter CEO and demonstrated an array of new advertising features to court marketers. Expect to see many changes and probably more promoted ads on Twitter.

Yahoo: What s been a subpar year for Yahoo turned for the worse last month when it hit a snag with the Internal Revenue Services over taxes on its 15 percent stake in the Chinese online retail giant Alibaba. Alibaba was considered Yahoo s most prized asset and brought large short-term profits.

Yahoo is desperately looking for ways to save money from what could be a $9 billion tax bill heading its way, which includes spinning Alibaba s share into a new company or instead spinning off Yahoo s core business. The IRS has been giving the company the cold shoulder, and investors have grown impatient with CEO Marissa Mayer.

With several key figures in Yahoo s leadership leaving the company in the past few months and its online advertising remaining stagnant, Yahoo last month hit its lowest stock price in a year. Any positive news, no matter how small, would do Yahoo a world of good right now.

Etsy: The online artisan bazaar trumpeted into a satisfying debut price of $30 in April, sparking the idea that, just maybe, feel-good, do-good companies can make money. But the honeymoon phase lasted for a month before it fell by nearly half, and it s now trading below its $16 IPO price.

Etsy is trying to defend its niche artwork sales from small-business artisans but that may be a tall task. On Thursday, Amazon jumped into the ring with Handmade, its own marketplace of handcrafted goods with Prime eligibility. Etsy plans to expand with Etsy Manufacturing, allowing small manufacturers into its community.

Evernote: Once upon a time in 2012, note-taking app maker Evernote was the model unicorn, rising up to a $1 billion valuation as its app became a must-have for students and productivity maniacs everywhere.

But three years later, Evernote is a shell of itself, laying off 13 percent of its staff and closing down three international offices last month. With a new CEO, former Google Glass executive Chris O Neill, Evernote is at a critical junction is it  a sinking ship or a maturing company going through a normal transition cycle?  Evernote s primary goal is to raise enough capital to go public in the next year or two, but it also need to be wary of similar integrated note-taking apps like Google Drive.

Groupon: Speaking of companies pining for the good days, Groupon has been in a lot of trouble. In 2011, Groupon went public with great fanfare, earning a valuation that was higher than when Google went public. But it s been a nonstop tumble since, as its stock has dropped more than 80 percent from its $28 debut price.

Last month, Groupon hit its historic low of $4.20 per share, half of what it was last year. It also laid of 1,100 staff workers, or about 10 percent of its workforce.

Zynga: It s a bit unfair to put Zynga on this list, considering people have calling them has-beens since 2013. Last month, the creator of Farmville one of Zynga s most popular games resigned from the company. In May, Zynga laid off 364 workers about 18 percent of its workforce after losing $46.5 million in the first quarter of 2015.

Zynga in 2015 is set to hemorrhage about $150 million (which is on par with its past performance, considering Zynga lost $472 million from 2012 to 2014). Is it really that surprising, considering its daily users have fallen by half? Sooner than later, Zynga will be lying on its deathbed if it can t do anything miraculous to turn itself around. 
2015-12-24
Yahoo! Inc. Joins Facebook Inc With Hacker Alerts Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has followed Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) in giving alerts to users that are at risk of being the target of foreign hackers.

Bob Lord, data security chief at Yahoo, said users are being asked to report odd login attempts and change passwords as part of steps to ward off attacks.

 We re committed to protecting the security and safety of our users. Yahoo will now notify you if we strongly suspect that your account may have been targeted,  Lord wrote in a blog post on Tuesday.

Yahoo Follows Facebook, Twitter

Yahoo s alert to certain users follows similar measures by Facebook and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR). The New York Times reported last month that U.S. State Dept staffers had become the victim of cyber attacks waged over Facebook. The report further said the govt became aware of the breach only after Facebook informed it. Similarly, Twitter began warning users two weeks ago of murky activity on the micro blogging site.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Just like Facebook and Twitter, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) also did not comment on how it will locate alleged hacking attempts. The firm said  rest assured we only send these notifications of suspected attacks when we have a high degree of confidence. 

Why Hackers Target Yahoo, Facebook?

Experts say that foreign hackers often cannot crack secure networks. Instead try to break into them through the personal accounts of workers. If a user logs onto a work portal from home, or uses the same password across multiple accounts, hackers use those doors to hit their targets.

The needle pointed to hackers from either China or North Korea in recent high profile breaches, including the one at Sony Pictures.

Tom Kellermann, chief of cyber security at Tokyo-based Trend Micro, told MarketWatch, said that those at high levels in big firms and state roles will likely already be on the radar of hackers.

Another industry veteran, Al Pascual, director of fraud at Javelin Strategy, however thinks that people in general are not at risk.  You have to be in a specific role for something like this to be likely to occur to you.  He reckons the sectors most likely to be targeted include defense, finance and infrastructure. Marissa Mayer's Tumultuous Year: Can Yahoo Be Saved? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

47:55 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-11-14
Starboard Doubles Yahoo Stake, Adds Westrock, Medassets Starboard Value, the activist fund run by Jeff Smith, doubled its stake in Yahoo! Inc. in the third-quarter, after earlier selling part of its holdings in the Web portal.

Starboard added 3.55 million Yahoo shares in the three months ended Sept. 30, according to a regulatory filing Friday, bringing its ownership to 7.1 million after successfully agitating the company to spin off its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.

Smith said in October that a stock drop was a buying opportunity because the price reflected a fully taxed separation of Alibaba. In the second quarter, Starboard nearly halved its Yahoo stake, selling 3.3 million shares.

The activist hedge fund also added new investments in the third quarter in Westrock Co., Medassets Inc., and Media General Inc., Friday s filing shows.

Starboard -- one of the most prolific U.S. activists -- typically targets small- and mid-cap public companies it considers undervalued, pushing executives and directors for changes such as unit spinoffs and asset sales. Getting Bullish on Yahoo!  
2015-07-17
Yahoo Quietly Launches A New  Video Texting  Mobile Messaging App On iTunes Yahoo has been rumored to be working on a revamped messenger app for a while now, and it looks like that new app may be taking its first step into the wild. Yahoo has quietly released the next version of its Yahoo Messenger mobile application, which is available under the name  Yahoo Livetext   Video Messenger  in the Hong Kong iTunes App Store.

The app went live earlier this month, and to bring something a little different to the table, it introduces a unique form of video texting that combines traditional text messages with video that doesn t include an audio feed. The idea is to offer a more natural form of communication where users can see each other s reactions in real-time as they participate in conversations.

Contacted for a comment about the app, Yahoo provided this response:  We re always experimenting with new product experiences that delight our users. We have nothing further to share at this time,  a spokesperson told us, adding his own piece of silent video as punctuation:

Yahoo has been working on a replacement for its mobile messaging application for many years. It scrapped half a dozen versions or so that never emerged from internal testing. But it has also been making some interesting acquisitions to add talent and tech to develop what could become a new messaging product.

Last year s M&A spree included MessageMe, a team which was set to work on internal Yahoo messaging products. And from what we understand Yahoo has also been working to try to poach people from other messaging and video app businesses to work on this product. Kicksend co-founder Pradeep Elankumaran joined Yahoo six months ago, for instance.

That there s now a version live on iTunes indicates that what we re seeing today is likely close to a final product. And the fact that it s being tucked away on the Hong Kong App Store means that Yahoo was probably hoping to run a public-facing test of the app ahead of a more formal announcement and wider launch.

It s fair to say that, until now at least, Yahoo had missed opportunities to compete in mobile messaging, despite being one of the early companies to offer instant communication for desktop users.

In the web s younger years, Yahoo s Instant Messenger app was one of the top ways web users could chat, along with other apps like MSN Messenger and ICQ, for example.

But as social media emerged and large platforms like Facebook began to dominate the space, Yahoo and other older online messengers lost significant portions of their core audience. That leads to today, where most  instant messaging  happens on smartphones via SMS, iMessage and other popular apps like Facebook Messenger, Facebook-owned Whatsapp, Snapchat, and others. Meanwhile, Yahoo s own entry in this crowded and growing mobile messaging market was left to stagnate.

With Yahoo Livetext, it s clear that the company is hoping to differentiate its app, despite being a late arrival to this space, by introducing a twist on traditional texting or video. Instead of simply offering yet another alternative to a smartphone s built-in mobile messaging app, Yahoo claims that Livetext is  an entirely new way to stay in touch. 

Notes Yahoo, the idea is to turn simple conversations into memorable experiences, while also working to solve the problem of how to better express ourselves by not relying on typing alone:

 The advent of smartphones led a shift towards convenience and speed. We ve gone from communicating primarily with our voices to using our fingers to text on glass,  reads Livetext s app description.  But somewhere, along the way we lost the natural flow of conversation. Our solution is to go back to the basics, by putting your words and your friend s real-time reactions at the center of your interaction. We ve removed audio from the equation, as it s rarely convenient in today s fast-paced world. 

This also seems to play on the exploding popularity of gifs   those silent, short clips that punctuate and permeate so much of our web and social media experience these days, and are of course a mainstay of another Yahoo property, Tumblr.

The free app uses either a Wi-Fi or cellular connection and is focused on one-on-one messaging, not group chats, as some had suspected Yahoo s messaging re-entry would look.

Unlike semi-competitors like Skype, Viber or FaceTime, Livetext doesn t (yet?) support video calling. Instead, one user would begin texting a friend and then when the message s recipient entered the chat session, you would immediately see them. The app also offers user profiles which include a Livetext ID and it can help you find friends based on your address book on your phone.

The app is clearly also aimed at younger demographic. Teens and young adults spend a lot of time on their phones and texting, but like most of us, they can t always take advantage of video calling because they re in a public place, like a train or ballgame, or somewhere they re supposed to be quiet, like school.

The Hong Kong App Store launch follows the removal of the older Yahoo Messenger app from iTunes this May, which signalled that a refresh was on the horizon.

 The Messenger app was removed from the appstore [sic] as it has not been updated in quite a long time,  a Yahoo rep noted in a Yahoo Answers forum in response to a question about the app disappearing from the iTunes App Store.

 We would rather our name be related to fully functional new technology, instead of old and outdated apps. Look for an announcement from us about a new Messenger client coming soon. 

We ve been looking for an Android version of the new app and have found what appear to be help files related to it but not the app itself. We ll update this story as we learn more.

Updated details about contributing Yahoo acquisitions. Q2 Earnings Season: Revenue Weakness Stands Out  Yahoo7 replaces CTO role with director of technology Yahoo7 has hired Paul Russell as its Australia and New Zealand director of technology based in Sydney.

He replaces former CTO Craig Penfold who is now delivery and operations manager at Seek in Melbourne. Penfold had been in the CTO role for over two years.

Russell will start with Yahoo7 in mid-August. He is currently managing director of SoftwareSeni, a software development company. Russel s previous roles include Network Ten digital media head of technology and Fairfax Digital CIO.

Paul Russell

Yahoo7 CEO Ed Harrison said that Russell will be tasked with delivering the company s mobile, video, native and social media strategy.

 Russell will work closely with the Yahoo7 product teams and our joint venture partners, Seven West Media and Yahoo Inc. We are confident that Paul will build on the success of our technology by continuing to drive and develop industry leading products to facilitate ongoing growth for Yahoo7,  said Harrison.

Follow Hamish Barwick on Twitter: @HamishBarwick

Follow Computerworld Australia on Twitter: @ComputerworldAU, or take part in the Computerworld conversation on LinkedIn: Computerworld Australia Ketchum: UCF, USF should join Big 12 The Big 12 needs to fire back at the SEC by expanding into Florida.

That's the opinion of Orangebloods.com publisher and Yahoo! Sports radio host Geoff Ketchum, who made the comments during his Friday afternoon show, 'Hit 'em Up.'

Big 12 expansion has been a hot topic this summer ever since Oklahoma President David Boren said they should strive towards becoming a 12-team league again.

Selling points for UCF have included the strength of the program, Orlando's television market, enrollment size and recruiting base.

Ketchum believes the Big 12 would benefit by not just adding one, but two schools from Florida.

"After looking at yesterday's release of the All-Big 12 teams, I'm convinced more than ever that the Big 12 needs to be a little risky here," Ketchum said. "They need to gamble on greatness... I'm convinced more than ever the Big 12 needs to go to Florida and do to Florida what the SEC has done to Texas (with the addition of Texas A&M). I think you make UCF and USF as the two new programs in the Big 12.

"Elevate them and gamble. It's just like Florida State a couple decades ago, a school that's not a natural blueblood but has done it over time. Miami did the same exact thing. Miami hasn't always been a program of stature, though it has gone down. I think you go to Florida and create a second bed of talent to pool from. I think that's the way the Big 12 gets better.

"Nothing else makes sense to me. Go southeast, young conference. Go into Florida and establish roots. Make the same type of potential assault on that state. Pull in players from that state that the SEC has done in Texas. Outside of that, I don't know where potential greatness comes from. It's a little bit of a gamble, but at the very least you've got roads into Florida."

Listening to @gkketch on @YSportsRadio and he says the Big 12 needs to add University of South Florida and UCF to make 12 teams. Makes sense- Anwar Richardson (@AnwarRichardson) July 17, 2015 8 Reasons You Should Take Emoji Seriously (dailyedge.ie)

Much of Friday s World Emoji Day celebration has been fun and lighthearted. And yay for that! But we at Yahoo Tech think it s important to not overlook how the emoji language, the newest and most expressive language used to communicate online, has become a tool worth taking seriously.

To prove our point, we present eight notable reasons why we think you can give and receive emojis with a straight face.

1. Emoji is the fastest-growing language in history

You may think very little of the smiling poop messages you regularly send your buddies, but those are in fact contributing to the proliferation of the  fastest growing form of language in history,  according to professor Vyv Evans of Bangor University in the U.K. He told the BBC in May that emoji is proliferating centuries faster than its ancient precursor, Egyptian hieroglyphics.

2. Emoji passwords are more secure than text passwords

We can either let people continue to debate what the solution to the broken password should be, or we can smarten up and accept that the answer lies right in front of us   in emoji. According to a recent report by Mic.com, emoji passwords are not only easier to remember, but with more than 700 unique emojis to use in a passcode sequence (compared with 26 letters and 10 numbers), also far more secure.

3. Couples who communicate in emoji have more successful relationships Tyrann Mathieu shows why you shouldn't leave your dog in a hot car (Video) Arizona Cardinals defensive back Tyrann Mathieu is helping remind people not to leave animals in your car   no matter how quick a stop you're making   this summer.

Mathieu took a challenge from PETA to sit in a hot car in 90-degree weather outside to see how long he could handle it.

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!l]

"I seriously couldn't imagine leaving my dog in a car like this," he said in the video.

After only eight minutes, Mathieu bailed   after it reached a scalding 120 degrees in the vehicle.

"If you're going to make a dog a part of your family, then make him a part of your family," Mathieu said. "Don't treat him like you wouldn't treat someone you cared about or someone you loved."

View photos (PETA) More

View photos (PETA) More

Mathieu tapped out and opened the door, but dogs don't have that option. His message, and PETA's, is a good one: Leave the pets at home. Even if the windows are rolled down, and even if it's a cloudy day, the heat inside the vehicle can cause organ failure in animals quicker than you might think.

Coming out of LSU, Mathieu battled a tarnished reputation after a series of off-field incidents. But the player formerly known as the "Honey Badger" has done a lot to improve his image   including this great public service announcement.

(h/t NOLA.com)

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm How to Declutter Your Facebook News Feed Facebook was originally supposed to be a place for you and your friends to share their thoughts and important life moments. OK, well it was really started as a kind of hot-or-not site for Harvard students called Facemash, but whatever.

Unfortunately, with the massive number of people in your Friends list, not to mention celebrities and news sites you follow, sifting through the noise to hear from the people you actually care about has become annoyingly difficult.

Thankfully, Facebook has come up with a handy way to clear up your cluttered News Feed by putting the people you want to see the most at the top.

For now the tool is only available for the iPhone, but it will be coming to the Android and Web versions of Facebook in the coming weeks.

Already have the feature? Then here s how to change your feed so you can more easily check up on your family and friends   and stalk your ex from sophomore year   in peace:

1. Open the Facebook app on your smartphone and open the settings menu (it s under the icon on the far bottom right labeled  More ).

2. Next, scroll down to the Settings section and select News Feed Preferences.

3. From here you ll be able to quickly adjust all of your News Feed settings.

4. If you want to change the people you see first in your News Feed, tap Prioritize who to see first, select the people you want, and press  Done. 

Read More Silicon Valley tech giants sheepishly release staff diversity numbers: 'We ... Yahoo disclosed last week that African-Americans made up just 2 per cent of its workers, while Hispanics stood at 4 per cent. Those revelations came days after Facebook reported it had employed just 81 blacks among its 5,500 U.S. workers.

Closing Canada s tech gender gap, one line of code at a time

Ryan Holmes: Creating supportive environments to learn computer science skills is a start. But truly narrowing the gender gap in the startup community comes down in large part to how we teach children Read more

Silicon Valley has a diversity problem, a contentious issue that has come into sharper focus in recent months as tech firms sheepishly released updates on their hiring of minorities. The companies have pledged to do better. Many point to the talent pipeline as one of the main culprits. They d hire if they could, but not enough black and Hispanic students are pursuing computer science degrees, they say.

But fresh data show that top schools are turning out black and Hispanic graduates with tech degrees at rates significantly higher than they are being hired by leading tech firms.

Last year, black students took home 4.1 per cent of the bachelor s degrees in computer science, information and computer engineering, according to an annual survey by the Computing Research Association of 121 top U.S. and Canadian colleges. That s double the average of blacks hired at the biggest tech firms. Hispanics accounted for 7.7 per cent of the degrees.

 It would be a more convincing argument if their numbers more closely tracked what we were producing,  said Stuart Zweben, an Ohio State computer science professor who helps conduct the survey. And Silicon Valley s diversity problem exists not just on the tech side.

They aren t looking in the right places

Tech s largest firms also significantly lag in their hiring of minorities for sales, marketing and public relations jobs.

At Google, blacks and Hispanics each accounted for just 4 per cent of Google s non-technical workforce last year. At Facebook, blacks made up 3 per cent of its non-tech workforce in May, while Hispanics were at 7 per cent.

In the overall U.S. workforce, blacks made up 13 per cent of employees and Hispanics were at 16 per cent.

The lack of minorities in Silicon Valley has been met by a rising sense of urgency. Firms only began disclosing their diversity data last year under pressure from groups such as Jesse Jackson s Rainbow PUSH Coalition. And those numbers have underscored the extent of the problem in this tech hotbed, where former start-ups have matured into some of the nation s leading economic engines. Further doubts about workplace equality in Silicon Valley were stoked earlier this year by the high-profile trial involving former Reddit chief executive Ellen Pao, who lost her sex discrimination case against storied venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.

Jackson refuted claims by companies that there simply isn t a robust talent pool of blacks and Latinos. He for years attended shareholder meetings for Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google and demanded that the companies release data on their workforces.

 They aren t looking in the right places,  Jackson said in an interview.  And this doesn t answer the question of why the vast majority of their workforce   which is non-tech   is also lacking diversity. 

* * *

For a tech sector accustomed to hacking its way out of problems, making its workforce more diverse has emerged as a major challenge. And the industry has only recently admitted its shortcomings. Until last year, Google, Apple and Facebook, among others, refused to disclose data on workforce diversity. Some firms   such as Oracle, which has 122,000 workers worldwide and declined to respond to a request for comment for this story   still haven t. Yahoo also declined to comment.

In tech s data-driven world, the numbers were bruising. For example, Facebook s data showed it added only seven black employees from 2012 to 2013, before hiring another 36 between 2013 and 2014.

 We know we have work to do,  said Ime Archibong, a Yale grad who is black and works at Facebook as its strategic partnerships director.  We know that. 

Others said it will take time for efforts to reflect in their employment data.

 The pipeline is just a piece of it. Our main issue is that any meaningful change for a company our size takes time,  said Roya Soleimani, a spokeswoman at Google.

Facebook s challenge is that it is looking for a very specific group of computer science graduates, for instance, people who understand data systems and algorithms, said Maxine Williams, the global head of diversity at Facebook.

 We are trying desperately to have a more diverse workforce and deal with the constraints on the pipeline,  Williams said.

But some in the tech world believe the focus on the pipeline overshadows the wealth of qualified minority candidates already out there.

 It s not even remotely a pipeline issue,  said Andrea Hoffman, who runs Culture Shift Labs, which helps companies find minority and female talent. Her company recently hosted a brunch in Palo Alto, California, for minority job-seekers in tech and finance. The 200 seats were snapped up, and she had to make a waiting list for 200 more.

 For anybody to tell me the talent isn t out there,  she said,  I know emphatically that s not true. 

Asians are the exception. They have been hired at rates far above other minority groups and even above their representation in the overall U.S. workforce. At Facebook, for example, 41 per cent of the tech workforce is Asian.

The strong recruitment of Asians is attributed to the hiring of skilled immigrants, particularly from China and India, and high U.S. graduate rates of Asians in computer science programs. Asians have also established tight-knit networking organizations such as The Indus Entrepreneurs, or TIE, a business networking group that began in 1992 in Silicon Valley and now has13,000 members around the world.

* * *

Big tech companies, aside from their concerns about the pipeline, also point to a tangle of challenges, including unconscious biases that have given preference to white men. That bias shows up in recruiting, with companies drawing from the same top universities, where black and Hispanic graduates are still lagging other groups.

 Once you have a Latina Marissa Mayer and a black Mark Zuckerberg, a lot of these problems will go away,  said Van Jones, one of the founders of Yes We Code, a group that aims to teach 100,000 low-income people to write computer code.  The pipeline isn t big enough and the uptake isn t aggressive enough. 

The problem is particularly acute at start-ups, where black founders are just 1 per cent of venture-invested firms, according to a 2011 survey by CB Insights. Venture capital firms   mostly led by white men   have admitted that they are often introduced to start-ups from their own business contacts   also largely white men. And then the big firms acquire these start-ups or hire from them in a self-perpetuating pattern.

Related

More comprehensive data on the number of black and Latino partners at venture firms isn t yet available, said Kate Mitchell, a partner at Scale Venture Partners and the head of a diversity task force for the National Venture Capital Association trade group.

 I think it says something that we don t even have the numbers,  Mitchell said.  How do we even know it s a problem if we don t have the numbers to show it exists? 

There is a rich body of research that shows how big companies used specific plans to increase diversity. A 2015 study by the McKinsey consulting firm showed that companies with more diversity in leadership were 35 per cent more likely to report financial returns above their national industry median.

If your leadership team is constantly talking about it   that will move the needle

The issue of diversity  hasn t moved into the top priorities so that it is something the CEOs are talking about constantly,  said Megan Smith, the national chief technology officer appointed by President Barack Obama to lead tech policy.  That is something the research shows works; that if your leadership team is constantly talking about it and iterating on it just like they would on products and businesses, that will move the needle. 

In 2000, Coca Cola settled a US$192.5 million racial discrimination lawsuit brought by black employees who accused the company of race-based pay discrimination. Throughout the 18-month court battle, the company s reputation suffered as the case drew international attention.

As a result, the company rewrote its employment policies and doubled the number of minorities in management positions. Today, African-American staff make up 21 per cent of the company, while Hispanics are at 18 per cent.

* * *

In the last year, the biggest tech firms have announced a slew of programs aimed to increase diversity in their ranks.

Facebook expanded its summer internship program for minority computer science majors and started a new internship for minority business majors. Facebook also implemented a rule that requires recruiters to interview minority candidates.

Google, Facebook and Apple expanded the number of colleges for recruiting. Google said that it found that 35 per cent of black computer science graduates were coming from historically black colleges. So two years ago, it began to embed engineers at those schools to teach and mentor students into careers at the company.

Intel has been particularly aggressive. Earlier this year, the chipmaker pledged that its workforce would reflect the broader U.S. labour pool by 2020, and it created a US$300 million venture fund designated for minority-led start-ups.

Christopher Hocutt is one of those who have benefited from the efforts. The Howard University student, who is black, struggled to get a summer internship in Silicon Valley, even with solid grades and after serving as president of the school s Association for Computing Machinery.

During his junior year, Google began its guest teaching program and sent an engineer to Howard. The Google employee became a mentor to Hocutt, teaching the Richmond, Virginia, native what to expect in a summer internship interview and making important introductions to recruiters.

 I didn t even know where to start and I didn t know how important it was to know how the process worked,  said Hocutt, who got the summer internship.

This summer, Google hired 30 college students from the historically black colleges for summer internships. Hocutt graduated from Howard University in June and began as the first full-time hire from the search-engine giant s program.

d Yahoo! Inc Announces SEC Filing for Planned Spin-Off of Remaining Stake in Alibaba Group  
2015-05-04
HS multi-sport athletes dominate NFL Draft Tampa Bay Buccaneers first-round draft pick Jameis Winston, center, holds his jersey as he stands with general manager Jason Licht, left, and head coach Lovie Smith, right, during a news conference Friday, May 1, 2015, in Tampa, Fla. Winston, a former Florida State quarterback, was the first overall pick. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)

The days of earning multiple varsity letters are dwindling, at least for the best of the best. Visit any high school basketball game, and you'll likely find the school's football stars watching from the bleachers. You'll rarely see them on the court, no matter how strong their basketball skills.

Once an athlete shows talent in one sport, he or she is generally encouraged to drop the other sports, to concentrate on the sport that could be his ticket to a college scholarship. They start playing that one sport year round, working with trainers and private coaches to further develop their skills.

It's happening all over the country, but it doesn't make sense. Just look at the athletes drafted in the 2015 NFL Draft, held over the weekend in Chicago. The website TrackingFootball.com dug into the draftees' high school profiles to see how many concentrated solely on football. It turns out the single-sport athletes were in the minority.

NFL teams selected 256 players. Of those, 224 played multiple sports in high school. That's 88 percent, including No. 1 overall pick Jameis Winston and 27 other first-round picks. Only four first-round picks didn't play more than one sport.

More than a third   94 of the 256   played three sports in high school.

Tracking Football found that 63 percent of the players ran track, while 48 percent played basketball, and 10 percent played baseball.

The website did not say whether these players were multi-sport athletes throughout high school, or if they instead dropped their extra sports after freshman or sophomore year, around the time colleges generally start showing scholarship interest. Regardless, they show that there's still something to be said for mixing it up, for playing various sports and taking at least short breaks from football.

____________________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her onTwitter and Facebook. David Goldberg, SurveyMonkey CEO and husband of Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg ... David Goldberg, chief executive officer of SurveyMonkey.com and husband of Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook Inc., has died. He was 47.

He died unexpectedly Friday night, his brother, Robert Goldberg, wrote in a Facebook post. No other details were given.

 It s with incredible shock and sadness that I m letting our friends and family know that my amazing brother, Dave Goldberg, beloved husband of Sheryl Sandberg, father of two wonderful children, and son of Paula Goldberg, passed away suddenly last night,  his brother wrote.

The best decision I ever made was to marry Dave

Goldberg sold his first startup, Launch Media, to Yahoo Inc. and joined SurveyMonkey in 2009. He and Sandberg met in 1996 while they were both working in Los Angeles, according to a 2013 interview with the Los Angeles Times.

Sandberg, author of the best-selling book  Lean In,  frequently wrote and talked about how Goldberg was a crucial partner in her career, supporting her in small ways   like doing the laundry   and large, such as persuading her to join Facebook even though they had a 6-month-old daughter at the time.

 I wrote in Lean In that the most important decision a woman makes is if she has a life partner and who that life partner will be. The best decision I ever made was to marry Dave,  Sandberg wrote in a March 5 Facebook post.

Related

Minneapolis Youth

David Bruce Goldberg was born on Oct. 2, 1967, in Minneapolis to Mel and Paula Goldberg. His mother is co-founder and executive director of the Pacer Center, a Minnesota nonprofit group that assists parents of disabled children and young adults, according to the centre s website. His father was an associate dean and professor at William Mitchell College of Law in St. Paul.

Goldberg graduated from Harvard University in 1989 and lived with Sandberg and their children in Menlo Park, California.

 Dave Goldberg was an amazing person and I am glad I got to know him,  Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in a Facebook post.  My thoughts and prayers are with Sheryl and her family. 

Earlier in his career, Goldberg worked as a director of business development at Capitol Records in Los Angeles. He founded Launch Media, which delivered music and music-related content online, in 1994, and sold it to Yahoo amid the dot-com bust of 2001. Billboard magazine named him one of the top  power players  in digital music in 2006.

Venture Financing

SurveyMonkey, an online questionnaire service, raised US$250 million in venture capital funding in December. The financing was intended to help the company pursue acquisitions and let employees and existing shareholders sell some of their stock. The Palo Alto, California-based company is profitable and has more than 20 million customers.

Its employees were heartbroken to learn of Mr. Goldberg s passing.

 Dave s genius, courage and leadership were overshadowed only by his compassion, friendship and heart,  the company said in a statement.  His greatest love was for his family. Our sympathy goes out to them and to all who were touched by this extraordinary man. 

Goldberg s Facebook page quickly filled up with anecdotes and condolences from executives and entrepreneurs including David Golden, a veteran Silicon Valley banker and managing partner at Revolution Ventures, and Bob Iger, CEO of Walt Disney Co.

 Dave was a class act,  Iger wrote.  Everything he did was done with enthusiasm, commitment, and a warm and humble touch that we all loved and we will all remember. 

On Twitter, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff called Mr. Goldberg the  kindest, most generous, loving father, loyal husband, great CEO & sweetest friend.  Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman called him  caring and kind.  Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky called him  a great mentor and role model. 

Twitter CEO Dick Costolo called the news  heartbreaking  in a tweet, and described Mr. Goldberg as  one of the truly great people on the planet   of almost unimaginably remarkable character. 

  With assistance from Charles W. Stevens in New York and Cory Johnson, Brad Stone and Emily Chang in San Francisco.

Bloomberg.com, with files from The New York Times News Service 
2015-06-02
Google And Yahoo Defeat Last Remaining Lawsuit Over Competitive Keyword ... Keyword advertising using competitors' trademarks is now so well-accepted, it may be hard to remember that the practice used to generate serious debate among lawyers and ethicists. In particular, the search engines drew substantial legal fire from trademark owners for selling "their" trademarks; at one point around 2010, I believe Google had about a dozen simultaneously pending lawsuits.

This week, a California appellate court dismissed another competitive keyword advertising lawsuit against Google and Yahoo. As far as I know, it was the last remaining lawsuit of its kind. As a result, for the first time in at least a decade, I believe there are no more pending lawsuits against search engines regarding competitive keyword advertising.

About the Ruling

The court's ruling was not surprising. The plaintiff, Carla Ison, is a California psychologist. She claimed that Google and Yahoo displayed "unauthorized search results," including paid ads like Adwords, on searches for her name. Ison proceeded with only minimal help from a lawyer, so she faced long odds challenging Yahoo's and Google's multi-billion dollar revenue lines. Leaving nothing to chance, Yahoo retained an expensive trademark survey expert (Hal Poret) to destroy Ison's trademark. Poret opined that (in the court's words) "the net level of awareness of Ison was less than zero percent, as the rate of awareness of her name did not exceed the false positive rate." Ison's efforts to provide more favorable evidence were unavailing.

Citing Poret's evidence of minimal consumer recognition of her name, the court easily concludes that Ison doesn't have any trademark rights at all in her name, so there's no trademark to enforce. For this reason, the court doesn't reach more interesting questions about the legitimacy of competitive keyword advertising. Ison could still appeal the case to the California Supreme Court, but the odds of them taking the case is virtually zero, so I think the case is over.

As far as I know, Ison was the last plaintiff still challenging search engine sales of trademarked keywords. The other fairly recent challenge, brought by Parts.com, ended in 2014 (Google won a dismissal in June 2014, and Yahoo settled in November 2014).

Implications

The ruling that Ison lacked trademark rights isn't unprecedented in search engine competitive keyword advertising cases. Several other plaintiffs have ended their lawsuits with a court declaration that they don't have trademark rights. See, e.g., the lawsuits by American Blinds and Home Decor Center.

Although no trademark owner is currently challenging Google or any other search engine over selling competitive keyword advertising, no US court ever clearly endorsed the practice, either. Search engines won on other grounds (such as, in this case, deficiencies with the plaintiff's trademark), or the trademark owner simply gave up; or in a limited number of cases, the search engine settled (like Yahoo settling the Parts.com case). Thus, there's nothing preventing a trademark owner from bringing a similar lawsuit in the future. However, I think such future suits are unlikely because it's impossible to ignore the search engines' practical successes in court. Further, as more time passes, I think courts will be even less inclined to disrupt such a venerable and helpful practice. So despite the lack of definitive precedent, I think the legal questions over selling competitive keyword advertising are de facto resolved in the search engines' favor.

The legality of buying (as opposed to selling) competitive keyword ads is also not definitively resolved in court, and trademark owners are still bringing cases against keyword advertisers. However, even these lawsuits are proving hard to win in court, so I anticipate we'll see a gradual tailing-off of the trademark owner-vs.-advertiser lawsuits too.

Case citation: Ison v. Google, Inc., 2015 WL 3395574 (Cal. Ct. App. May 27, 2015) These Earbuds Let You Control Your World's Volume Wouldn t it be amazing if there was a volume knob that let you turn down the world s annoying sounds? We re talking about everything from blaring car horns to the sound of your obnoxiously loud co-worker talking on the phone.

Well, that s exactly what Doppler Labs claims to have created with its new product, Here. Consisting of a pair of earbuds and a smartphone app, Here apparently lets you control the volume of the world around you.

Doppler Labs is currently seeking funding on Kickstarter for Here, which features a series of equalizers and volume controls that let you filter out specific sounds.

Here s how the creators say it works: The outside of the earbud includes a microphone that detects the sound you want to eliminate. A digital signal processor then uses a specific frequency to cancel out that sound. A speaker in the earbud sends both the original thing you don t want to hear and the new frequency into your ear, causing them to cancel each other out.

Here comes with a preset list of modes for specific sounds you might want to drown out, including jet engines, crying babies, and chatter.

I tried out Here at Doppler s New York offices, and though I had my reservations, was surprised to find that they worked as advertised.

In their current incarnation, the Here earbuds are a bit thick. They fit in my ears nicely, but I can tell wearing them for a long period of time would become annoying. The final version, Doppler CEO and co-founder Noah Kraft explained, will be smaller.

When I popped the Here earbuds in, I immediately noticed a low humming sound. Kraft then kicked up the volume using Here s companion app and instantly I felt like Daredevil. My hearing was genuinely heightened to superhuman levels.

Not only was Kraft s voice significantly louder, the rumble of a motorcycle speeding by Doppler s fifth-floor office sounded like it was right behind me. He then lowered the volume and the entire world sounded muted.

It s not just about eliminating annoying noise, though. Here can also be used to modify the sound of the world around you by letting you adjust the bass and treble of what you hear. You can even add filters to what you hear to change the way everything sounds.

The flange filter, for example, gave everything a warbled sound, while echo made everything repeat over and over.

Read More 
2015-12-30
Yahoo Seeks Buyer for Santa Clara Property in 'Active' Market Sale could be seen as first step to raise needed cash

Yahoo! Inc. is considering selling a development site in Santa Clara, California, punctuating a difficult year for the once-dominant Internet brand.

 With the active real estate market in Silicon Valley and considerable interest having been expressed in the property, we are exploring all of our options including a possible sale,  Yahoo spokeswoman Carolyn Clark said in an e-mail.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The move comes as Yahoo struggles to find a strategy to return the company to growth. Earlier this month Yahoo scrapped plans to spin off its valuable stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., and is now considering bundling the rest of its assets into a separate company. The Internet icon confronts shrinking market share and sales that have been hovering around 2006 levels and has faced pressure from investors to make drastic changes.

Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo owns about 50 acres in the city of Santa Clara with entitlements to build about 3 million square feet (279,000 square meters) of office space, according to Clark.

Selling the land, which Yahoo bought for $106 million in 2006, could be seen as a good first step to raise cash, though falls short of calls for Yahoo to reduce its workforce and downsize its nearby corporate campus, according to the Silicon Valley Business Journal, which earlier reported plans for the site.

The Santa Clara plot was once viewed as key for future expansion. But as Yahoo s revenue has dropped steadily from a peak in 2008, Yahoo struck a deal with the San Francisco 49ers to use the area as a parking lot, the Business Journal reported.

 Their core business is in decline so they don t need to expand, say the way Facebook is expanding to a new campus,  Ivan Feinseth, chief investment officer at Tigress Financial Partners, said in an interview.  It s one of the many ways they have to refocus and redirect the company. There is somewhat of a panic going on. 

The Business Journal said Yahoo is working with real estate brokerage Jones Lang LaSalle to find a buyer.

Yahoo shares fell 2 percent to $33.37 at the close of trading in New York, bringing the loss for the year to 34 percent. 
2015-02-09
4 Internet stocks too rich to keep hoarding cash Google is proof of the idea that paying a dividend doesn't need to be a sign of weakness; it can be a sign that a company is throwing off so much cash it can walk and chew gum at the same time.



Google already spent $9.8 billion on research and development last year and still had almost $12 billion in free cash flow, according to its Jan. 29 earnings announcement. It also has $64.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. There's plenty left over to finance Google's forays into mobile and social Web businesses. And if they did a bit less R&D for Google Glass which came in for a bit of abuse when the company said it was scrapping the original product and driverless cars, many investors wouldn't mind. Like Apple, Google is big and profitable enough to play the growth and income cards simultaneously.

Read MoreYou might want to reread those tech earnings reports



The reasons not to pay a dividend: A 2 percent yield would cost Google $7 billion a year, and a huge chunk of it would go back into the pockets of co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, as well as executive chairman Eric Schmidt, who are the largest individual shareholders of the stock. They aren't exactly hurting for short-term cash, and have so far preferred to let their bets ride.

"Put Google on the list just because they have a lot," Mahaney said.

Some investors read a comment from Google CFO Patrick Pichette on its recent earnings call as a sign it was more focused on the message Wall Street always likes to hear rewarding shareholders today rather than sticking to its long-term, high risk R&D-or-bust mentality.

"Share price does matter," Pichette told analysts. "It matters to our board. It matters to all of us. We're all shareholders in the company. And we do review this issue on a regular basis. We review it again responsibly with the Audit Committee, with the board. And I just have nothing to announce today."

For the record, Pichette specifically said he was "reiterating" the same message he has always provided. Yahoo: Identity crisis Financial Times

Already a subscriber? Sign in here Your Next Car Could Send You a Text Message When It Gets Nicked in the Parking Lot (ThinkStock)

You may soon never have to worry again about some jerk getting away with scratching or denting your car in the grocery store parking lot.



According to Ward s Auto, German-based company Hella is working on a new technology that will give future vehicles the ability to detect when they ve been scratched, bumped, or damaged, even if you re not around.

The system uses an electronic sensor that the company calls an Intelligent Damage Detection System, which will allow a car to recognize when its body panels have been deformed.

Hella marketing head Kristian D scher told Ward s that the technology would let your car detect where it was struck and how hard. So, it could tell the difference between a ding from a hailstone and being crushed by a giant tree branch.

The point of the technology is to let car owners know if and when their car was damaged. So if you park in a packed parking lot, you ll know it was the person next to you who dented your door.

If the Intelligent Damage Detection System gets tied to a vehicle s in-car communication systems, it would be able to send you a message as soon as any damage occurs.



Hella even predicts that the technology could work with a vehicle s front and rear cameras to capture an image of whatever hit your car, whether it s an errant golf ball or your ex s pickaxe.

Hella says the tech should reach production cars in 2018. Here s to the future!

via: Ward s Auto

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+ here.

 
2015-05-29
Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Towers Over List of Highest-Paid Female CEOs Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer at Yahoo! Inc., smiles during a press conference at the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 19, 2015.

Female CEOs are outpacing their male colleagues in pay, although they remain vastly outnumbered in the top echelons of American companies.

Last year, the median pay for women CEOs rose to $15.9 million, a 21 percent gain from a year earlier, according to a study by executive compensation data firm Equilar and The Associated Press. That compared with median pay for male CEOs of $10.4 million, which was down 0.8 percent from 2013.

Marissa Mayer, the head of Yahoo, was the highest-paid female chief executive in the Equilar/AP pay study. Her compensation was almost double that of the next-highest earner on the list - Carol Meyrowitz of discount retailer TJX Companies.

They're In the Money: CEOs From Viacom, CBS & Disney Top List of Best-Paid Execs

Still, there is a big caveat: There are far fewer female CEOs than males among large U.S companies. The study of 340 CEOs included 17 women.

No. 1: Marissa Mayer, Yahoo, $42.1 million, up 69 percent

Yahoo's stock price has climbed 177 percent since the technology company hired Mayer from Google in July 2012. That compares with a gain of 76 percent for the tech-focused Nasdaq over the same time. Earnings jumped at Yahoo last year after it raised $9.5 billion by selling part of its stake in Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce site owner.

No. 2: Carol Meyrowitz, TJX Companies, $23.3 million, up 13 percent

Meyrowitz has led the parent company of T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and other stores, since January 2007. For the year that ended in January, the company reported profit of $2.22 billion on revenue of $29.08 billion. The company said in February that it would lift hourly wages for its employees. Workers that have been employed for six months or more will earn at least $10 an hour.

No. 3: Margaret Whitman, Hewlett-Packard, $19.6 million, up 11 percent

When Whitman rejoined HP in 2011, the company's board established an initial salary of $1 a year. For 2014, the board decided it was time to raise the salary portion of her pay package to make it consistent with her peers at similar technology companies. Her base salary increased to $1.5 million.

No. 4: Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo, $19.1 million, up 45 percent

PepsiCo., which makes Frito-Lay snacks, Gatorade sports drinks and Quaker oatmeal, has improved its performance by raising prices and slashing costs. The company's earnings were hit this year by currency volatility in countries like Russia and Bolivia, but this was offset by growth at Frito-Lay North America, which makes snacks such as Doritos, Cheetos and Tostitos.

Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Tencent's Ma Huatang Make Forbes' Annual Richest List

No. 5: Phebe Novakovic, General Dynamics, $19 million, up 1 percent

Novakovic was a senior executive at General Dynamics for more than a decade before she was promoted to the top job in January 2013. Since she took the position, the defense contractor's stock has doubled as it has increased dividend payouts and boosted stock buybacks.

No. 6: Virginia Rometty, IBM, $17.9 million, up 28 percent

The IBM boss was awarded a $3.6 million bonus for her performance last year, even though the company's sales and profits declined. Her overall pay jumped from 2013, when Rometty and other top executives did not take bonuses after IBM turned in disappointing results.

No. 7: Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin, $17.9 million, up 13 percent

Hewson is a 32-year veteran at Lockheed Martin and the second chief executive at a defense company to top the list of best-paid female CEOs. Her pay award increased as the company's earnings rose. Lockheed's stock also gained nearly 30 percent.

No. 8: Patricia Woertz, Archer Daniels Midland, $16.3 million, up 138 percent

Woertz's near nine-year tenure as CEO of Archer Daniels Midland ended in December, though she still holds the position of chairman at the company, which makes vegetable oil, ethanol and ingredients used in packaged foods and drinks. Her compensation included $501,560 for relocation expenses after ADM moved its global headquarters to Chicago from Decatur, Illinois.

No. 9: Irene Rosenfeld, Mondelez International, $15.9 million, up 14 percent

The maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum raised Rosenfeld's overall pay by 14 percent last year. Shareholders didn't fare as well. The company's stock rose 3 percent, compared with a gain of 11.4 percent for the broader stock market.

No. 10: Ellen Kullman, DuPont, $13.1 million, down 1 percent

Kullman spent much of last year fending off an attempt by activist investor Nelson Peltz to gain more influence over the 212-year old chemical company. She prevailed in May this year after shareholders voted against his campaign. But the fight showed that DuPont needed to do a better job of explaining its transformation from a traditional chemical maker to a faster-growing company focused on agricultural products and advanced materials, she said. Football players grant teammate his final wish Coffee County (GA) lost a great young man Malik Sparkman at the age of 17. He lost his battle to kidney cancer and his teammates granted him his last wish of carrying him through the tunnel as a Trojan one last time. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family, friends, and community of Malik Sparkman and Coffee County.

As Malik Sparkman started to succumb to the final stages of kidney cancer, the 18-year-old linebacker told his high school teammates that he had one request: after he died, would they carry his coffin through the football tunnel? He wanted one last trip onto the field, a trip they'd taken so many times together.

The high school junior, who was reportedly being recruited by Florida State, passed away on May 17. Days later, his teammates granted this final wish. Wearing black jerseys, five teammates carried his coffin through the Coffee (Coffee County, Ga.) High School football field tunnel, across the field, and into the school, where more than 500 friends and family had gathered for a memorial service.

In photos posted on Facebook, the description says the boys  held their heads high until the video started showing a   clip of Malik." As their late friend's face appeared on the screen, the boys started to cry.

 Malik was certainly special to all of them,  Coffee County football coach Robby Pruitt told WALB.  Every time I called him and check on him, he'd always say 'I am great coach.'" Sparkman never complained about the pain, his coach added.

 He always said he wasn t ever gonna give up, and God has him,  Sparkman's girlfriend, Tia Williams, told WSB-TV.  He was a fighter. 

Facebook and Twitter have been flooded with love and support for Sparkman and the community.

Rest in peace Malik Sparkman-- it was an honor to know you. #trojannation pic.twitter.com/GJU896Ah57   Bailey Chambers (@baileynicole122) May 18, 2015

Our thoughts go out to FSU signee @88Dreamchaser and Malik's family as Nole Malik Sparkman lost his battle w/ cancer. pic.twitter.com/cfdCk3uOlo   FSU Gameday (@FlaStateGameday) May 18, 2015

 They re hanging in there as a team. It brought their team closer. They re strong,  Williams said.  They did take it hard at the funeral, but they know he s not suffering anymore. 

_______________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. Here's What to Do When You Drop Your Smartphone in Water Summer is fast approaching, and that means barbecues, beaches, and the splashing sounds of thousands of smartphones as they meet their watery graves at the bottoms of kiddie pools and oversized margaritas glasses.

Indeed, no summer would be complete without at least one of your friends or relatives, or even you, giving a perfectly good smartphone an impromptu burial at sea.

But even if your phone takes a dip in the drink, there s a chance you can save it, but only if you act quickly. Here s what to do if your drop your smartphone in water.

1. Grab it!

Whether you drop your phone in a pool or it goes for a swim in the porcelain throne, the most important thing to do is grab it. The longer your precious handset takes a bath, the more likely water is to get inside of and ruin it.

Get your phone out of the water right away, and there s a good chance it will be fine.

Of course, if your phone falls into a well or something like that, cut your losses and forget about it. I don t need anyone blaming me for some kind of Baby Jessica situation.

2. Turn it off

If you grab your phone and it s still turned on, turn it off as fast as you can. Keeping your handset on while its wet is a surefire way to short its circuit board and ruin it for good.

If your phone s screen was off and when it hit the water, but you re not sure whether the phone powered off or the screen is just blank, see if you can wake it by quickly pressing the power button.

Should your phone wake up, shut it down immediately. If it doesn t wake up, keep it off.

3. Dry it off

Now that your phone is off and cleaned, you ll have to dry it off. If your handset has a removable battery or removable microSD card, take it out. Similarly, if your phone has some kind of port cover or even a removable back panel, open it up to let your handset air out.

4. Don t blow dry it

Do not try to dry your phone with a blow drier. The heat from the drier could damage your handset s internal components permanently.

Read More 8 Years of Google I/O Announcements in 5 Minutes Google I/O, the company s annual developer conference, is usually good for at least a few new announcements or product updates. And with Google Photos, Now on Tap, and the Internet of Things OS Brillo, this year s show was no different.

In the video above, we a take a look back at some of the most important on-stage announcements in the history of Google I/O, from 2008 to present.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Snapchat discloses $650 million private placement Snapchat Inc. disclosed it has offered to sell $650 million of stock in a private placement, an opportunity for the company and insiders to profit from the messaging company s popularity.

According to a filing Friday with the Securities and Exchange Commission, more than $537.6 million was sold from the offer and that $112.4 million remained available. The filing doesn t say how much the stock was sold for or who the buyers and sellers were.

The filing comes days after Chief Executive Evan Spiegel said he has a plan for an initial public offering but offered no details about its timing. Mr. Spiegel also said this week that he has no desire to field any acquisition offers.

In 2014, Snapchat raised funds from at least two investors, Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% and venture-capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, in a round of funding that valued the messaging startup at $10 billion. Other investors include Benchmark, General Catalyst Partners, Institutional Venture Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Coatue Management LLC and DST Global.

An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. 
2015-08-13
Notable Upgrades: GoPro, Inc. (GPRO), Yahoo (YHOO), Microsoft (MSFT ... In a report published Thursday, analysts initiated coverage on GoPro, Inc. (GPRO) with an  Outperform  rating and $76 price target at Cowen.

On valuation measures, GoPro Inc. shares currently have a PEG and forward P/E ratio of 1.07 and 27.75, respectively. Price/sales for the same period is 4.46 while EPS is $1.12.

Currently there are 9 analysts that rate GPRO a  Buy , 6 rate it a  Hold . No analyst rates it a  Sell . GPRO has a median Wall Street price target of $72.00 with a high target of $105.00.

In the past 52 weeks, shares of San Mateo, California-based company have traded between a low of $37.13 and a high of $98.47 and are now at $59.78. Shares are up 49.61% year-over-year ; down 9.98% year-to-date.

 

Analysts at Bernstein are out with a report this morning upgrading shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) with an  Outperform  from  Market Perform  rating.

Yahoo! Inc. shares are currently priced at 5.03x this year s forecasted earnings, compared to the industry s 13.08x earnings multiple. Ticker has a forward P/E of 53.15 and t-12 price-to-sales ratio of 6.67. EPS for the same period is $7.20.

Over the past year, shares of Sunnyvale, California-based company have traded between a low of $33.85 and a high of $52.62.

Shares are down 31.72% since the beginning of the year.

 

Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) was upgraded to  Buy  from  Hold  by Stifel analysts on Thursday. The broker also set its price target on the stock at $55.

MSFT is currently printing a normal average trading volume with the issue trading 11.17 million shares, compared to the average volume of 31.30 million. The stock began trading this morning at $47.08 to currently trade 0.28% higher from the prior days close of $46.74. On an intraday basis it has gotten as low as $46.49 and as high as $47.10.

Microsoft shares have advanced 2.46% in the last 4 weeks while declining 1.23% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has lost 1.77%.

The Redmond, Washington-based software giant, which is currently valued at $374.87 billion, has a median Wall Street price target of $51.00 with a high target of $60.00.

Microsoft Corp. is up 10.24% year-over-year, compared with a 6.69% gain in the S&P 500.

 

SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. (SEDG) was reiterated a  Buy  by Needham analysts on Thursday. The broker raised its 12-month base case estimate on the stock to $42 from $38. SolarEdge was also raised to $40 from $35 at ROTH Capital noting the Israeli company continues to demonstrate positive momentum in its business. The firm see current levels as an attractive entry point given the macro pullback.

SEDG is up $0.48 at $30.78 on heavy volume. Midway through trading Thursday, 1.45 million shares of SolarEdge Technologies Inc. have exchanged hands as compared to its average daily volume of 769K shares. The stock has ranged in a price between $29.97 to $33.70 after having opened the day at $32.52 as compared to the previous trading day s close of $30.30.

In the last 52-weeks, shares of the manufacturer and supplier of DC optimized inverter systems for solar PV installations have traded between a low of $19.49 and a high of $43.00.

Shares are up 46.38% year-to-date. Former Time Inc. Editor-in-Chief Martha Nelson Joins Yahoo Martha Nelson attends the 2013 Women's Media Awards at 583 Park Avenue on October 8, 2013 in New York City.

Martha Nelson attends the 2013 Women's Media Awards at 583 Park Avenue on October 8, 2013 in New York City. D Dipasupil FilmMagic

Martha Nelson, former editor-in-chief of Time Inc., has been named Yahoo Media's global editor-in-chief. Yahoo's Chief Marketing Officer and media head Kathy Savitt made the announcement Thursday in a post on Yahoo's Tumblr page.

Nelson joins Yahoo as the media company works to grow the digital magazines it launched early last year. She has been tasked with helping to grow Yahoo's 13 titles in the U.S. and 30 internationally.

At Time Inc., Nelson served as the first female editor-in-chief, starting in 2012. Before taking the position, she was the founding editor of InStyle magazine, and as editor of People she expanded the magazine's readership and reach.

Nelson was named one of Forbes' Most Powerful Women three years in a row. She left the position at Time Inc. in 2013 as the company was spun off from Time Warner.

Andy Serwer, former managing editor of Time Inc. publication Fortune magazine, joined Yahoo Finance earlier this year. This tech entrepreneur lost $1 million and made it back before 25 Jessica Mah founded inDinero, a small business services start-up, when she was just 19 years-old and received $1 million in funding by the time she was 20.

This wasn t too surprising. The tech wiz began programming at 8 years-old, started her first company at 12 and dropped out of high school to take computer science courses at University of California at Berkeley when she was 15. In 2010, TechCrunch wrote that she was,  Perhaps the closest we ve got to a female Mark Zuckerberg. 

Yet after just one year, her company was on the brink of failure. She was burning through $80,000 a week and couldn t get along with any of her co-workers.  I overspent, I overhired, I wasn t focused on generating enough revenue to sustain the business,  says Mah.

inDinero was initially billed as a  Mint.com for small business owners,  but she found that her 30,000 customers didn't feel like the product was worth paying for and only used free services. The company ran through its funding quickly and by the time they were down to their last $150,000 Mah realized she had to make drastic changes.  I feel like I'm Bernie Madoff--rich on the outside, but completely broken on the inside,  she emailed her father. She laid off all but two of her eight employees and moved the company out of its office and into her apartment.

 We regrouped,  says Mah.  And we came up with the idea to do inDinero full-service. So instead of just being software we decided to charge thousands of dollars more but also handle all of the accounting and tax needs for a business.  The rebranding worked inDinero has grown 2,686% in the past three years and now has four offices around the globe.

 We went from eight employees to no employees near death, near bankruptcy and now we have about 130 full-time team members working at inDinero,  says Mah.

One of the key elements to inDinero s rebirth? Couples therapy. Last year Mah and cofounder Andy Su, 24 decided to go to marriage therapy to improve their business partnership. The couple has never been in a romantic relationship.  Business partners have conflict sometimes,  she explains.  We yell at each other but we love each other too. Marriage counseling has really helped us figure out how to be better partners for each other. 

It s been a long journey   and it s only just begun. Mah is just 25 years-old and plans to continue expanding inDinero. This month she was featured on the cover of Inc. Mag s 5000 issue, which features the fastest-growing private U.S. companies. Jackie Reses Net Worth: Yahoo! Tech Exec Jackie Reses Is Selling $7.2M Woodsy ... Jackie Reses Net Worth: Yahoo! Tech Exec Jackie Reses Is Selling $7.2M Woodsy Retreat in Silicon Valley

Posted by Staff Reporter media@realtytoday.com ) on Aug 13, 2015 06:00 AM EDT

more big

Jackie Reses, the tech executive of Yahoo recently listed her home for the price of $7.2M. According to a previous report by dailynews724.com, "This luxury listing includes 3 gated acres, a pool, a tennis court, and an orchard." The prestigious property is located in the Woodside, CA. According to a report by realtor.com, "Fellow Silicon Valley moguls will surely be eyeing the woodsy retreat with the pricey value tag." The home size is 4,300-square-foot and has four bedrooms. The home also features high and vaulted ceilings that are widely distributed all across the house. The whole home provides amazing view of the nature outside. This home has a lot of open space as well.

The rose garden is among the stand out feature of this home. In Jackie Reses' rose garden, a fountain is situated in the middle. The elegance of the home is something to be reckoned with, as the interior designs give a pleasant ambience to its dwellers. This home is all about serenity. The front portion of the house has manicured lawns. Big trees surrounding the property also offer shade during the hot summer days.

The living room features cool lightings. The floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room provides amazing scenery outside. A combination of white walled painting and marble fireplace makes the living room an exquisite one. Another comfort of the living area is the big couches and a posh center table. This home is a home of feminine elegance and stunning d cor. The price is just right for this prestigious home.

Jackie Reses' is the Chief Development Officer of Yahoo! Inc. since September 2012. According to a previous report by bloomberg.com, "At Yahoo, Ms. Reses directs its M&A strategy, leading acquisitions and integration of technology and talent from dozens of companies in the business, including Tumblr, Brightroll and Flurry." As for her total net worth, has not been disclosed.

Like Us on Facebook 
2015-07-24
Yahoo Quietly Acquired Germany's Media Group One For $23M In Q1 Yahoo s well-worn acquisition trail to bring tech and talent back into the Internet company has been one of the more notable hallmarks of life under CEO Marissa Mayer. And while M&A appears to have slowed down significantly in 2015, it s not stopped altogether: Yahoo quietly made an acquisition in Europe earlier this year to build out its advertising business in the region, and we have now found out that it was a $23 million deal.

In December 2014, Yahoo announced it would acquire a company based in Munich called Media Group One.

You can think of Media Group One is one part Federated Media, and one part YouTube-style network   in itself interesting in light of Yahoo s long-ago, thwarted ambition to buy DailyMotion.

MGO sells and syndicates ads into some 800 partner sites, in part by organizing content from them into three German language  mega verticals    ENTANIA, FABALISTA, and ZOLANIS. The other division operates a video network called SnackTV, which aggregates content from various publishers and offers a way to syndicate that automatically on other sites.

Figuring out Yahoo s acquisition took a little sleuthing. The deal was actually made public in December, but it was little noticed by the English-language press (including us)   possibly because the news was posted on Yahoo Germany s press site rather than its main US site.

Then, when the deal officially closed in January, there was no mention of the price paid.

But a 10-Q form filed in May of this year featured a small note saying that Yahoo had made a $23 million acquisition in Q1. The 10-Q also noted $20 million in goodwill related specifically to an EMEA acquisition.

Putting two and two together, we asked and Yahoo confirmed what had happened.  Media Group One is the acquisition that closed in Q1,  a spokesperson said, referencing the press release from Media Group One itself.

According to that announcement, the deal will be used as a way to expand the Yahoo Gemini marketplace for mobile and native advertising, by combining it with the reach of Media Group One s publisher network its SnackTV video portal.

 Yahoo s and Media Group One s competencies complement each other exceedingly well,  noted Aric Austin, who had been MD of the German company pre-Yahoo and is now VP of sales and publisher management at Yahoo.  A particular highlight is our video syndication product known as SnackTV, which offers a perfect enhancement to Yahoo s focus on video. We re looking forward to working together with the Yahoo team and are particularly excited about all of the new opportunities for both organizations, our business partners and the MEDIA GROUP ONE publishers. 

The full management team, pictured below with Yahoo s EMEA SVP Dawn Airey, have joined Yahoo and are pictured below.

Yahoo and Europe

Yahoo s move to expand its business in Europe by way of Media Group One comes at a key moment for the company s international   and specifically European   business.

Media Group One fills a couple of important gaps for the company: it expands Yahoo s reach in Europe, specifically Germany, and it is doing so especially around the kind of web content where Yahoo has wanted to get more active: premium video content.

And it s coming not a moment too soon: Yahoo has been flagging in the Old World. While Yahoo under Mayer has been investing a lot to improve business in its primary market   the Americas and specifically the U.S.   the international operation, which is far smaller, has seen recent declines both in revenues and presence.

According to the company s Q2 earnings statement, published earlier this week, GAAP revenues in EMEA ex-traffic acquisition costs was $72.9 million compared to $87.6 million for the same quarter a year ago. The six-month figures showed a decline of nearly $30 million to $142 million. As a point of comparison, the same revenue ex-TAC figures for the Americas grew to $811 million in the quarter, and $1.6 billion in the half-year period.

At the beginning of June, Yahoo s latest spring cleaning report also noted that a number of international properties would be getting shut down to  streamline our editorial offering,  with the content redistributed across other parts of the Yahoo network.

European closures included Yahoo Music in France, Yahoo Movies in Spain, Yahoo TV in the UK, France, Germany, Spain and Italy and Yahoo Autos in the UK, France, Germany, Spain and Italy.

An interview with Airey published earlier this year highlighted some of the challenges that the company had been having with its advertising business prior to her arrival in 2013.

The company had shifted from a model in the UK of liaising with agencies to liaising with clients and verticals, and  it was a mess,  she told Campaign magazine.

At the same time, she has had to address the impact of the wider, global consumer shift away from desktop PCs and basic web sites, and toward mobile and more dynamic content like video.

 I want to   I need to   step-change our revenue and I d like to reach double-digit growth,  she told Campaing.  But PCs are in the descendancy   good old-fashioned display ads are not as profitable as they were. So our MaVeNs [Yahoo s mobile-video-native ad mix] are important. They are not quite yet offsetting the falls elsewhere, but we re working towards this year being a turning point. 

For all of these reason, Media Group One seems to make a lot of sense for Yahoo, which mainly focused it M&A march on the U.S..

The Media Group One business is not an insignificant operation. The company says that the combined operation makes it one of the 10 largest marketing and ad agencies in Germany. Its content  mega verticals  see over 18 million unique visitors monthly.

The SnackTV content consists of 330,000 pieces of content from some 200 publishers that include TV stations, production companies and those who develop content specifically for the Internet. Yahoo's Flickr Pro returns with new version, advanced analytics and more Share this: Reddit

Facebook

Twitter

Google

LinkedIn



Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has brought back its subscription-based Flickr Pro service after two years for its new and existing members. The company had reportedly brought back the paid subscription plans after  high amount of requests  from users.

Members can avail the premium service for $5.99/month or $49.99/year. Usernames of paid members will now be displayed with a badge. Users with existing Pro and Flickr Ad-Free account service will be upgraded to the new features with no change in pricing. Along with the ad-free experience while viewing your photos or someone else s, the paid plan will come with  new and improved stats. 

The advanced analytics will provide an improved navigation system for looking up data on photos. The number of views for a photo, the number of images in the library and other statistics can be viewed. In May 2013, Yahoo Marissa Mayer had announced the end of Flickr Pro by saying that they didn t want to have Flickr Pro anymore. Users who opt for the annual plan will get a 20 percent discount on Adobe s Creative Cloud Photography Service and free shipping for company merchandise (books and wall art) in the U.S and 50 percent off for international shipping.

The Flickr app is free for download for iOS, Android, Windows and Mac. Recently, Flickr released several updates, bringing in Camera Roll, search and mobile apps. For more information, users can check the Flickr s upgrade page here. Several tech companies like Google and Facebook are in the process of improving their photos service.

Google brought in unlimited storage for Google Photos, and Facebook released a user recognition feature. In 2013, Flickr had a total of 87 million active accounts with 3.5 million images uploaded every day. By providing a premium service with professional features, Yahoo aims to attract users. 'Nifty' growth stocks keep the bears at bay, for now It would be a nifty trick if the big stock indexes can keep holding their ground as asset markets around the world beat a retreat.

We re seeing a slow-motion crash in emerging markets currencies and their stocks, as partially gauged by the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (EEM).

Global commodities prices are collapsing, in a move closely linked to the painful EM hangover. The fund under ticker GSG, which tracks the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index, is near a five-year low.

The credit markets are looking wobbly, too, with yields on junk bonds stubbornly lifting, largely due to weakness in energy and commodity issuers.

And energy and industrial stocks here are being tossed aside, too, with 3M Co. (MMM), Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) and Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) joining United Technologies Corp. (UTX) in the market's field hospital.

The reason the S&P 500 (^GSPC) is slightly positive for the year is the impressive performance of a tight group of expensive glamour stocks of quality growth companies.

That s why I say continuing to hold up would be nifty: This was the makeup of what became known as the Nifty 50 market of the late 1960s and early  70s   a few dozen companies everyone loved and owned that held up the Dow for years.

We re not to the extremes of those days, but with the Nasdaq 100 index (^NDX) up 8.7% year to date with the Dow Industrials (^DJI) down half a percent, this bifurcation is clear. The Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal-Weight fund (RSP) is almost exactly flat for the year, showing no gain for the so-called  typical stock. 

Just look at the run of well-received corporate results from last night for further proof: Starbucks (SBUX), Visa (V) and most of all Amazon (AMZN) were all leading stocks heading into the numbers and all delivered on pretty high hopes, spurring more investors to crowd into the stocks overnight.

Amazon is in the very elite of this group, and also represents what s been a very "GAAP-y" market, so to speak. This isn t just GAAP as in generally accepted accounting principles   according to which Amazon posted an uncharacteristic net profit.

GAAP can also stand for  growth at any price,  which appears to be a preference of this market, rewarding the stocks already sporting the highest valuations with still more value.

But the stock and others like it have also jumped in huge "gaps," creating a step function of value creation that flatters the indexes yet is impossible to  catch  without already having owned the stocks.

Taken together, the immediate gaps higher in the shares of Amazon, Google Inc. (GOOGL) and Netflix Inc. (NFLX) following earnings and Celgene Corp. (CELG) after announcing a big acquisition 10 days ago added some $85 billion in market value.

Those instant pops in just four stocks almost exactly offset the value decline during the past month in the small-cap Russell 2000 index (^RUT), which contains nearly 2,000 issues.

Get the Latest Market Data and News with the Yahoo Finance App

Much of this action reflects stark variation in fortunes and prospects across multiple fronts. The American consumer seems to be running pretty hot, with Under Armour Inc. (UA), Starbucks and others raking it in. Housing is gaining steam.

Yet global sellers of capital goods are struggling and the China slowdown is challenging investors  faith that the authorities can steer that economy where they want.

And this creates a split in the outlook for central-bank policy: The lowest weekly jobless claims number in 42 years yesterday supports the desire for the Fed to start tightening, even as the global markets   in their deflationary price action and abiding debt hangover   beg for more easy money.

With all these opposing currents, the S&P 500 remains stuck, for now. Yesterday was the 36th day in the past five months when the index crossed the 2100 mark.

There s nothing significant about that round number except it s where the trenches seem to be dug by the bulls and bears fighting out this stalemated market.

It s tough to see how the indexes and those nifty stocks can remain this stretched relative to the retreating cyclical assets elsewhere for too much longer. The bulls might need some reinforcements.

More from Yahoo Finance

Big-name investors stand atop a welcome 'wall of worry'

With Apple and others, stocks ran ahead of reality

Shanghai stock rout invites timely buyout bids for U.S.-listed Chinese firms Check out this insane Steelers-themed Rolls Royce Antonio Brown will roll in Antonio Brown grew up poor in Miami, went largely unnoticed as a sixth-round pick out of Central Michigan and had to scratch his way into the Pittsburgh Steelers talented receiving group.

Now, as many the best wide receiver in the NFL, Brown is rolling to training camp in his own signature Rolls Royce   decked out with his autograph and with traditional Steelers colors.

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!]

Reggie Wayne showed up last season to the first day of camp in a racecar. That was great. But Brown is taking it up a notch.

Check out this bad boy:

View photos And here's the back of the car. More

This is just insane. You know you've made it when you get your own watermarked signature on the side panel ... of a car that costs at least a quarter mil.

View photos Not your average signature. More

Say what you will   you might hate the Steelers. But this is pretty amazing.

View photos In case you doubted it was a Rolls. More

Brown has earned it. He might catch 25 passes against the New England Patriots in Week 1. The guy works as hard as any player in the league.

View photos Even the yellow doesn't taint this beauty. More

And now he's earned the right to drive in style.

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-07-28
The Pitch: Advertising and marketing news for July 28, 2015 The Pitch: Advertising and marketing news for July 28, 2015 Jonathan Spiers

Free Agents Marketing received one Best in Show, three Awards of Excellence and four Awards of Merit at the 68th Virginia Public Relations Awards. The awards recognized the agency s work on several campaigns for Bon Secours. FAM was also recognized by the Hampton Roads chapter of the Public Relations Society of America with one first-place award and one second-place award at the 2015 Pinnacle Awards.

FAM has entered into a marketing partnership with Mercedes-Benz of Richmond and Mercedes-Benz of Midlothian, two car dealerships locally owned and operated by David R. McGeorge Car Co. FAM was awarded the accounts following a competitive pitch and will provide both dealerships with strategy, creative services, media placement, public relations and digital services.

FAM has entered into a marketing partnership with Enhanced Revenue Solutions, a Texas-based medical billing and coding company. FAM will work with the company on its branding, strategy and website development.

FAM has also entered into a marketing partnership with MedAxiom, a Florida-based cardiovascular consulting company and community of cardiovascular healthcare providers. FAM will provide strategic planning, social media, public relations and digital marketing services.

Think804 has completed a comprehensive design and video campaign for United Way of Greater Richmond & Petersburg. The campaign is focused on the nonprofit s Community Impact Fund and finding new ways to inspire the public by telling stories of people who are being helped. It then elaborates on due diligence, planning and fund allocation for the program.

Think804 has also been hired by Virginia Economic Development Partnership for website application design and development, and Midlothian-based Watkins Nurseries for rebranding, logo design and a new website.

Neathawk Dubuque & Packett won a silver and two bronze awards in the 36th annual Telly Awards. The silver was for a MidMichigan Health commercial called  More life. More health.  in the local TV and cable hospital category. The agency won a bronze in the same category for an animated MidMichigan Health spot called  Dr. Internet,  and a television spot for Rex/UNC called  Frozen Moment  also won a bronze in the regional television and multi-market cable category.

ND&P has hired Boz Boschen as digital media director, a new position. Boschen was a principal brand associate at Capital One Financial Corp., where he oversaw the multimedia strategy for many of its financial service products, the sports media strategy for the NCAA Corporate Champions-level sponsorships with Turner/CBS, and the Capital One Orange Bowl College Football Playoff s sponsorship with ESPN. Boschen was formerly a senior media planner at The Martin Agency on the Alltel Wireless and NASCAR accounts, handling multimedia strategy including Alltel s NASCAR Ryan Newman sponsorship and ACC/SEC football and basketball sponsorships.

Anjali Roka has joined ND&P as a digital media analyst. She was a marketing associate at Yahoo Inc. in New York and also worked for Magna Global and Minyanville Media, conducting digital media analytics for clients such as Morgan Stanley, American Airlines, Hyundai & Kia, Yahoo Live Nation and Yahoo s original shows.

The Martin Agency was one of five finalists in the running for an account with DraftKings, according to AdWeek. The fantasy sports site ended up selecting California-based Butler, Shine, Stern & Partners.

The agency unveiled its latest spot for Geico as part of the company s  It s What You Do  campaign. Featuring Hasbro s  Operation  game, the spot launched this month on broadcast TV was featured on the agency s YouTube masthead.

Initiate-It created and launched a new television campaign for CarLotz that is airing in Richmond, Norfolk/Virginia Beach and Charlotte, North Carolina. One of the spots, entitled  Celebration,  features CarLotz staff as extras and a cameo from founding partner Aaron Montgomery.

Randall Branding launched a new responsive website to showcase its work and capabilities. The agency also won Ukrop s Dress Express and will be working with the company on rebranding.

Co+Lab designed and developed a new website for the YMCA of Greater Richmond and its 17 locations. The site is expected to be used by more than 1 million people this year.

The King Agency has added Bryan Farkas, Jeff Erickson and MaryJo Steinmetz to its team. The additions bring a collective 40-plus years  worth of experience.

Farkas joins the agency as senior art director, in which he will execute design elements and branding initiatives in conjunction with the creative team. His work has been recognized in multiple advertising and design shows including the Richmond Show, Telly Awards and National Healthcare Advertising Awards. Prior to joining the agency, he was senior art director at Free Agents Marketing.

Erickson joins the agency as account director, overseeing planning and management for all agency clients. He previously managed marketing and strategy for Fortune 500 companies such as Circuit City and Capital One. During his tenure with agencies Eisner and Saatchi & Saatchi, he honed his skills on brands like Tylenol, Absolut Vodka and Sprite.

Steinmetz is The King Agency s new senior media strategist. Her previous work has ranged from managing multimillion-dollar media budgets to workable strategies for small businesses. She previously held positions at Elephant Auto Insurance, MetLife and S&K Men s Wear.

Madison+Main launched an integrated campaign for First Bank in the northern Shenandoah Valley and the bank s new locations in central and western Virginia. The campaign strategy centers on  life s firsts  and has executions in TV, radio, print, online and social media.

Addison Clark was selected to provide creative marketing services for Gumenick Properties to support its Monument Square, Grayson Hill and Libbie Mill communities. The agency also rebranded and launched a new website for longtime client Smith Brandon International, a Washington, D.C.-based firm providing international corporate intelligence and due diligence services.

Planet Central created and launched a website and developed social media platforms and other digital and print initiatives for Freeplay LLC for the promotion of its Mr. America bodybuilding, physique and athletic competitions. Gold s Gym, another Planet Central client, is also a sponsor of the competitions, which take place Aug. 8. Crashed cars, garage fires and drones: Inside Travelers' Claim University You probably know Travelers is one of the nation's largest multiline insurance companies, a Dow component and can often be seeing sporting a red umbrella. You might even know Travelers wrote life insurance policies on the crew of the Apollo 11, the first-ever policies for space travel.



But you might not know the company is also in the business of higher education.



Specifically, Travelers operates its own Claim University in Windsor, CT. There's no football team, no leafy commons with undergrads debating philosophy and no Spring Break. But they do have a year-round student body of 7500 at the roughly 200,000 square foot facility, as well as online classes that add up to about 300,000 hours of training annually.



Claim University is "focused on ensuring that all of our claim professionals have the right skills and expertise to support our customers in their time of need," says Travelers senior vice president Pat Gee, who says nearly all of the company's roughly 12,000 adjusters come through the facility -- some more than once.













"Some people are hired directly out of school or from other businesses, so they might go through a longer program," he says. "Other people might just be building their expertise over time. Many of our claim professionals might start in our auto line of business and be interested in our property line of business. And we really encourage that from a cross-training perspective."

In other words, the school has the equivalent of bachelor's, master's and PhD students.



The use of new technologies in homes and cars is another key reason why claims adjusters come to the University for continuing education, as the recent hack of a Jeep demonstrates.



"We didn t have much in the way of connected devices 5 or 6 year ago and that s all changing," Gee says. "There are telematics in automobiles. There are telematics in homes -- connected devices that might sense is there water leaking...automatic devices to maybe raise or lower your garage doors or to lock or unlock you doors. All those devices are starting to work together and so we need to be at the forefront of how those work so that our claim professionals can understand that, assess that if those are damaged in losses."



The facility has a full automobile laboratory -- think of it like a showroom for damaged cars -- where adjusters learn how to assess damage as well as learn the latest techniques in body repair. Travelers also has full-scale replicas of homes and businesses where adjusters learn how to process claims related to anything from a flood, to roof damage from hail to a kitchen fire and pretty much anything else you can imagine.



Claim University also has drones, which Gee says can be employed to roof inspections "much more efficiently, effectively and safely."



FAA requirements that a licensed pilot with a spotter be used for each drone flight mean it's currently "not as cost-effective as we need to be for wide-scale deployment," Gee admits. But he's confident the government will announce some "special regulations" for the kind of micro drones Travelers uses in the next year or two which will "allow us to deploy on countrywide basis," saving the company money and adjusters from being put in potentially dangerous situations.



In addition to being a teaching facility, Claim University also serves as 'mission control' for Travelers' response to natural disasters, like Hurricane Sandy. The company brought 5000 people to respond to Sandy, a dramatic example of how the company can expand its capacity in reaction to events, as you'll see in the accompanying video .

























Aaron Task is Editor-at-Large of Yahoo Finance. You can follow him on Twitter at @aarontask or email him at atask@yahoo-inc.com.



 Facebook's Use of Facial-Recognition Tool Draws Privacy Ire When you are identified in a picture on Facebook, biometric software remembers your face so it can be  tagged  in other photographs.

Facebook Inc. says this enhances the user experience. But privacy advocates say the company s technology -- which was shut off in Europe and Canada after concerns were raised -- should only be used with explicit permission.

As commercial use of facial recognition technology grows to replace password log-ins, find people in photos and someday even customize displays for shoppers as they browse in stores, it s raised privacy questions. That s one reason the U.S. government is participating in a working group to develop rules for companies using facial recognition -- even if those are voluntary.

 Face recognition data can be collected without a person s knowledge,  said Jennifer Lynch, an attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a San Francisco-based privacy rights group.  It s very rare for a fingerprint to be collected without your knowledge. 

Privacy groups such as Lynch s last month cited the business community s opposition to requiring prior consent as the reason they walked out on the government meetings. The Department of Commerce s National Telecommunications and Information Administration, which sponsored the talks, plans to continue the process Tuesday without most of the privacy advocates.

 The process is the strongest when all interested parties participate and are willing to engage on all issues,  said Juliana Gruenwald, an agency spokeswoman.

Prior Knowledge

Facebook defends its use of facial-recognition technology, a form of biometrics. It works by assigning numbers to physical characteristics such as distance between eyes, nose and ears in order to come up with a unique faceprint that can be used to identify someone when they ve already been identified through tagging.

The technology powers a photo feature called  tag suggestions  that is automatically turned on when users sign up for a Facebook account. The suggestions are only made to a user s friends.

 Tag suggestions make it easy for friends to tag each other in photos,  Facebook said in an e-mailed statement.  And when someone is alerted they ve been tagged in a photo, it s easier to take action, whether it s commenting, contacting the person who shared it, or reporting it to Facebook. 

Users can opt-out at any time, Facebook said. But that requires that they change their settings.

Flawed Policy

 Facebook isn t getting permission,  said Alvaro Bedoya, executive director of Georgetown University s Center on Privacy & Technology, who walked out on the U.S. meetings.  Facial recognition is one of those categories of data where a very prominent and a very clear consent is necessary. 

The U.S. government s approach to regulating use of face data by companies is inadequate, privacy activists said. They point to Europe, where strict privacy laws forced Facebook in 2012 to delete data collected for its tag-suggestion feature following a probe by Irish authorities. Tag suggestions have also been turned off in Canada.

 Of significant privacy concern is the fact that Facebook has the ability to combine facial biometric data with extensive information about users, including biographic data, location data, and associations with  friends,   Canada s Office of the Privacy Commissioner said in a 2013 report on facial recognition technology.

Google, Microsoft

Bedoya, who formerly advised Democratic Senator Al Franken of Minnesota on privacy policy, said other Web companies get consent. He mentioned Google Inc., which gives users of its Google application the option to use face identification by turning on the  find my face  feature.

Companies such as Microsoft Corp., which is building facial recognition into Windows 10, and MasterCard, with its plan for selfie verification for online payments, require the download of an app or the purchase of hardware. Those acts can verify consent, privacy advocates say.

 It s a complicated question,  said Carl Szabo, policy counsel for NetChoice, an association of Web companies such as Facebook, Google and Yahoo! Inc.  My concern is that if we go down this road, we re not going to give this technology the opportunity to flourish and provide some of the really cool innovations that I can t even think of today. 

 Vote With Feet 

Szabo said he s in favor of a code of conduct that would require companies using facial recognition to be transparent about their use of the technology with a notice or sign. That would allow consumers to  vote with their feet  if they feel uncomfortable, he said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Facebook first started using facial recognition by licensing technology from another company, Face.com, which it acquired in 2012. Last month, Facebook introduced a new standalone app using the same technology as in tag suggestions called Moments, which groups photos in a user s smartphone based on the faces identified. Photos can be shared with specific friends, as opposed to uploading them to Facebook.

The Menlo Park, California company s current policy on facial recognition has made it the subject of a pending lawsuit in Illinois, which along with Texas has some of the nation s strictest biometric privacy laws.

Facebook Lawsuit

The lawsuit argues that Facebook didn t notify users when updating its terms of service to disclose that the company collects facial data on users tagged in photos.

Photo publishing site Shutterfly Inc. is the subject of another pending lawsuit in Illinois that takes issue with the company s photo tagging feature.

The fear that facial data can be used to track people may be overblown. It reveals  less information about your habits than most customers would reveal by carrying around a mobile phone that also tracks and shares location data,  Daniel Castro, vice president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, a non-partisan think tank, said in an e-mail.

Coming up with rules for the technology is not  black and white,  said Nick Ahrens, vice president of privacy and cybersecurity at the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which has members including Nike Inc., J. Crew Group Inc., Dillard s Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.

 I think transparency is the name of the game,  said Ahrens. But,  I don t know if a sign on the door is the answer. 

(An earlier version corrected the headquarters of Facebook.) Motorola Moto X Style First Look: Low-Cost Phone with High-End Features Two-year smartphone contracts are the bane of modern existence. To get a decent price on a phone, you have to bind yourself to a carrier for 24 months. Sure, you can buy a phone off-contract but that costs big bucks.

Motorola, however, is looking to change that formula with its new Moto X Style. (Motorola s website also calls it the Moto X Pure Edition, which is nice and confusing.)

In terms of features and build-quality, the handset which I recently got my hands on for a quick first-look matches up nicely with Apple s iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung s Galaxy Note 4. But unlike the 6 Plus (which starts at $750 without a contract) or the Note 4 (which starts at $700), the Moto X Style starts at a relatively inexpensive $400.

Here s what you ll get for that money.

Looks and display

As with previous iterations of Motorola s Moto X, the Moto X Style can be customized using the Moto Maker online design tool. That means you can do things like select a back panel made of wood, leather, or rubber. You can also choose the color of the phone s front and rear panels, as well as its accents.

But while the previous generation of the Moto X came with a 5.2-inch, 1080p display, the Moto X Style comes with a larger, higher-resolution 5.7-inch QHD screen. In my quick perusal, I found that display to be both colorful and sharp. I ll have to wait until I get a proper review unit, though, before I can really judge how the Moto X s screen compares to the iPhone 6 Plus s 5.5-inch display or the Note 4 s 5.7-inch panel.

Camera

One of the biggest downsides to last year s Moto X was its camera: It just wasn t as good as the competition s. To that end, Motorola has done some serious work on the Moto X Style s shooter, upping its megapixel count from 13 to 21 and giving it a larger 2.0 aperture lens. Motorola promises that photos from the Moto X Style will not only be sharper, but more colorful as well.

I fired off a few shots with the Moto X and was immediately impressed with how responsive the camera was compared to last year s model. Images of a Diet Coke can using both the Moto X Style and Samsung s Galaxy S6 looked comparable. That s especially impressive , given that the S6 s camera is one of the best smartphone cameras on the market.

Read More Gilead Sciences (GILD): Earnings Whisper Gilead Sciences Inc. (GILD) is scheduled to report earnings results for the second quarter of fiscal 2015 today after the close. The Street is looking for revenues of $7.58 billion, a 16% growth from $6.53 billion in the same period a year earlier. As far as EPS is concerned, analysts expect Gilead s year-over-year profit to increase by 18.33% to $2.71. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com calls for EPS of $2.92.

As a quick reminder, Gilead Sciences Inc. reported 1Q/15 EPS of $2.76, $0.48 better than the Street s consensus estimate of $2.28. Revs came in at $7.59 billion versus the $6.81 billion consensus.

On valuation measures, Gilead Sciences Inc. shares are currently priced at 12.60x this year s forecasted earnings. Ticker has a forward P/E of 9.93 and t-12 price-to-sales ratio of 6.03. EPS for the same period is $8.77.

In terms of share statistics, Gilead Sciences Inc. has a total of 1.47 billion shares outstanding with 0.59% held by insiders and 94.30% held by institutions. The stock s short interest currently stands at 1.41%, bringing the total number of shares sold short to 20.61 million.

Over the past year, shares of Foster City, California-based biopharmaceutical company have traded between a low of $85.95 and a high of $123.37 and are now at $110.54. Shares are up 23.49% year-over-year and 17.70% year-to-date. 
2015-05-18
Why Yahoo is so misunderstood Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer at Yahoo! Inc., right, speaks with Adam Cahan, senior vice president of Mobile and Emerging Products, at Yahoo! as they leave a press conference at the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco, California, on February 19, 2015.

Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer at Yahoo! Inc., right, speaks with Adam Cahan, senior vice president of Mobile and Emerging Products, at Yahoo! as they leave a press conference at the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco, California, on February 19, 2015. Photograph by David Paul Morris   Bloomberg via Getty Images

Last month, at an elaborate NewFront party at New York City's Lincoln Center, Yahoo ( yhoo ) unveiled a spate of new video shows featuring supermodel Naomi Campbell, comedian Joel McHale, American Idol  s Simon Cowell, and newscaster Katie Couric. The company declared that video was Yahoo s next big growth engine.

Around the same time, CEO Marissa Mayer shook up her product team, moving Adam Cahan, her righthand-man in charge of mobile, to lead video. Fortune spoke with Cahan to discuss the move and Yahoo s plans for video, fantasy football, and winning over Wall Street, in a recent interview.

Fortune: Tell me about your plans for Yahoo video.

Cahan: By way of analogy, it s similar to what happened in mobile. About two and a half years ago, Marissa said,  Hey, big platform shift coming to mobile. What do we do?  There were about 50 people in a company of 13,000 working on mobile. It was like a hobbyist culture. So we centralized mobile and I started to actually focus on scaling and building a team to focus on mobile. The consequence of that was we started shipping a lot of products.

We grew from 100 million users to 600 million users. We grew a business that was in the tens of millions of dollars in revenue to over $1.2 billion. We really rapidly scaled and took advantage of that platform shift.

Within the MaVeNS group [Yahoo s term for mobile, video, native advertising and social], we felt like we knew where we were going with mobile. With native, we invested and made a big bet in [advertising platform] Gemini. With social, we have Tumblr. We started asking,  Where are we in video? 

Much to the same way mobile felt two and a half years ago, we re at that same spot with video. So we re going to reimagine it and restart it right now.

Can you share any specifics?

One flavor of it that we ve started to see come to life is the notion of live video. We did an experiment with LiveNation a concert a day and we were able to scale that, but we found that about 43% of our users were new to Yahoo. So we followed that up this year with a live game show experience around DJ-ing with EDM. The music genre combined with live and Simon Cowell could be an interesting opportunity. My focus there is,  Can we build a live community based experience around music and how far can we scale that? 

That sounds like a content strategy.

I wouldn t describe it that way because really, what s going to matter in that genre is the community and product-based experiences.

You mentioned growing mobile from a $10 million to a $1.2 billion business. Since you re a product person, how much of that is due to the product versus just executing on the ad sales side?

There are two dimensions to that. The first is we re always user-focused. What are we solving for users? Because if we don t solve for users, there is nothing there. How do we bring value to their daily lives? Once we start to solve that, you get to scale and that s what the advertisers want.

The next thing you have to solve is the right ad experience for that. One of the biggest bets we made for mobile that worked out was native. Bringing the desktop ad metaphors to a mobile device was fundamentally broke and the ads sucked. You took a banner ad and you shrunk it down to a little skinny thing on the page and it was like an asteroid. The users hated it, the advertiser hated it, and it sucked.

So we reimagined that. One of the ad formats that has worked really well is search. Search is the first native ad ever. And we said,  What if we applied that thinking to mobile?  and so we started Gemini, our native ad play, and its worked phenomenally.

When are you going to put native ads inside the fantasy football apps? The adds I get in Yahoo s fantasy app are basically the "sucky" banner ads you re talking about. And that s your most powerful app.

You play fantasy football?

Yes, but only because my friends do. I don t actually follow football.

Ah. So, the ads there tend to be from the same system. The area I m actually very excited about we shared in the last earnings call we re doing daily [fantasy football].

Your experience is exactly right, which is,  I m there because I like to play with my friends.  Right now, daily is more like sharks, and you re not really playing with your friends, you re playing in this pool. The question is,  Can we make it more about your friends?  And I think there s an opportunity there because during football [season], we re in the tens of billions of minutes. You re talking about a pretty deep, engaging game.

So platforms like FanDuel and DraftKings are too serious? It sounds like you re talking about a more casual experience.

I think there are elements around the friendship circle. The people you really want to play with as well as the notion of how we think daily works are a little bit different. You ll see in a couple of months.

You re not in charge of Mail or Flickr anymore. Is this a demotion for you?

No, not at all. When we created the mobile center, we basically said,  Let s centralize everything so that we can get to scale.  At the time, Marissa said,  We re going to be a mobile-first company.  I said to her,  If we re a mobile-first company, we shouldn t be centralizing it. It should be everyone s job, right?  What we were trying to solve for was scale because we had nobody. We said would revisit it every year and decide whether it should be centralized or not. This was the first year we said,  You know what, it shouldn t be centralized. 

We re seeing crossover on all of our mobile experiences. Mobile engagement is higher than desktop engagement in pretty much all of our verticals. So by definition, we have become a mobile- first company in many areas. Now is the right time to put them back with their desktop counterparts so it s an end-to-end experience.

When we looked at video, we started to see a similar challenge. Right now Yahoo s video efforts are decentralized and scattered to the wind with not a lot of scale. So it s the same thesis: Let s do another startup. Let s build again. And that s been the highlight of my career. So it s starting again, day zero. And it feels exactly like it feels two and a half years ago. I wish it was a demotion!

A lot of the CEOs at the companies Yahoo acquired have left . What are you doing to keep talent energized and is this a problem you ve addressed or are concerned about?

One challenge when we said we want to be a mobile-first company was we didn t have the technical capabilities. Marissa said,  We need to start a revolution here, and we need to make bets on the technology and we need to build teams that are capable of doing that.  So we used talent acquisitions as one of the ways to scale up. We acquired 40 companies, tons of small, extremely talented teams but maybe their product-market fit was not right. We used that to our advantage.

The minute you show up, not only are you focused on shipping product, but you have to hire. Go find your friends, go hire. We went from 50 to 500 developers. If you look overall whether that strategy has been successful, it s been massively successful.

You can look at a few individuals how have left. The truth about entrepreneurs is we re all a little short-twitched. Look at who is a part of Marissa s key staff in terms of product. You have me, I came in through an acquisition [IntoNow, a connected TV startup]. Jeff Bonforte [SVP of communication products], he came in through an acquisition [Xobni, an email app]. Prashant Fuloria [SVP of Advertising products], he came in through an acquisition [adtech startup Flurry]. Simon Khalef [SVP of Product and engineering] came in through an acquisition [Flurry]. It would be very hard to say that has not played out.

Do you think there will ever be a time when Yahoo is not playing defense to Wall Street?

One thing a lot of people didn t notice on our most recent earnings is a few areas that are really growth-oriented. The mobile story we went from no business to a $1.2 billion business. We built a business that basically did not exist. We know we have this steady and slow declining traditional display business. But we have these growth businesses within the company. And at some point that s going to surpass that decline and the growth is going to return. And right now it s hard to see that from the outside, but literally there are massive, billion-dollar startups inside of Yahoo.

Well, you bought one of those.

Tumblr is one of those areas where, if you look at the engagement and the demographic, it s doing phenomenally well.

We spent a lot of time talking about Alibaba . As an internal operator, that s not something I can impact. The dialogue has changed because people aren t talking about that anymore. They re talking about our business and that s actually kind of nice to see. The results of the things we re working on like [our search deal] with Microsoft is very big news. As a company, when we start making those bigger bets, it s been a much better time to talk about it than when all anyone cared about was Alibaba.

But even in the last earnings report, it felt like all people cared about was Yahoo Japan . More financial news. Why do you think Wall Street isn t picking up on the growth story you re telling me now?

Part of it is because it s masked. It s the notion of two countervailing principles happening at once. You have a growth engine inside and a traditional declining business. With the top-line number it s hard to read the difference. In our last earnings we showed GAAP revenue growth, so you can see we are growing and it s starting to come. We re in a sector that is growing. We should be a growth company and that s where our energies are focused.

Subscribe to Data Sheet , Fortune's daily newsletter on the business of technology. Two Yahoo employees are battling to be on reality show 'Survivor' Two Yahoo employees are in the running to get a spot on the next season of "Survivor."

For its 31st season, the show is letting its fans choose the cast of castaways from a pool of 32 former contestants.

Shirin Oskooi, senior director of product management at Yahoo, was the 11th person voted off the island in the most recent season of "Survivor: Worlds Apart."

She is a longtime fan of the show and had tried out 10 years in a row before finally being selected for the cast.

"My enthusiasm going into the game was like out of control," Oskooi told the San Francisco Chronicle after she was voted off in April. If she got the chance to do it over, she said, "I wouldn t start out the game so obsessed, so focused on 'Survivor' and annoying people from that. I would go in it more like I am everyday not talking about 'Survivor' all the time."

Andrew Savage, deputy general counsel at Yahoo, made his "Survivor" debut in 2003, when he was a cast member on "Survivor: Pearl Islands." A twist late in the game got him voted on the island.

"The desire to get back on Survivor and pour every ounce of energy I have into the game I love has been building for 12 years and it s time to make it happen," he told the Chronicle.

Thank you for all the support! It's almost over so please keep voting! I want this more than anything. #VoteSavage pic.twitter.com/QGNZTQfCeP   Andrew Savage (@survivorsavage) May 17, 2015

Viewers can vote for 10 men and 10 women each day. Voting closes May 20.

Even Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer tweeted her support. Uber Joins Baidu as Nokia's Maps Unit Draws Multiple Bidders Uber Technologies Inc. is teaming up with Baidu Technologies Inc. and Apax Partners to pursue Nokia Oyj s maps business, people with knowledge of the matter said, as a bidding war for the unit intensifies.

Another group, comprising China s Tencent Holdings Ltd., NavInfo Co. and Swedish buyout firm EQT Partners AB, is also bidding for the unit, which may fetch as much as $4 billion, three of the people said, asking not to be identified because negotiations are private.

Microsoft Corp. has offered to buy a minority stake, while three U.S. private-equity firms -- Hellman & Friedman, Silver Lake Management and Thoma Bravo -- are also in the running, the people said.

The next round of bids for the maps unit, known as HERE, is due in two weeks, they said. Baidu, China s largest search engine, is partnering with Uber, the San Francisco-based taxi challenger, to avoid regulatory scrutiny, one of the people said. A group of German carmakers comprising Audi AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG is also interested in the business, two of the people said.

Representatives for Audi, Apax, Baidu, Daimler, EQT, HERE, Hellman & Friedman, Microsoft, Nokia, Tencent, Silver Lake, Thoma Bravo and Uber declined to comment. Calls to BMW representatives weren t returned.

Nokia rose as much as 3 percent to 6.27 euros in Helsinki as of 10:27 a.m. Baidu s U.S.-listed shares fell less than 1 percent to close at $191.32.

Nokia Refocusing

Nokia s digital-maps business provides data to Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft and Yahoo! Inc. and car-navigation systems for companies including Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co. The potential valuation suggests Nokia s mapping assets have lost value since 2008, when the company spent $8.1 billion to buy map provider Navteq Corp.

Still, with bidders lining up, the potential value of the sale could be climbing: as recently as April the company was said to be seeking more than 3 billion euros ($3.4 billion). The company had also sought bids from companies including Facebook Inc. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., people with knowledge of the matter said last month.

Nokia, based in Espoo, Finland, is seeking to sell the mapping unit as it focuses on mobile-network equipment and services to better compete with Huawei Technologies Co. Nokia agreed to buy Alcatel-Lucent SA for 15.6 billion euros last month to create the world s largest supplier of equipment that powers mobile-phone networks. Drunk Shopping Service Encourages You to Buy Useless Things at 2 AM Do you see this Nicolas Cage-covered T-shirt? Online drunk shopping is the only reason it exists. A few sips, a few swipes, and boom, you ve got something you ll never wear but still managed to spend money on.



(The horror)

Now, a new app wants to make it easier for you to imbibe booze and make rash purchasing decisions.

The appropriately named Drunk Shopping service wants to help make your regrettable decision to buy a T-shirt covered in Nicolas Cage s face even easier.

Drunk Shopping works by first requiring you to text  heyyyyyy  (the number of Y s matter) to 551-333-7865. From there on out, you ll automatically receive a text message at 2 a.m. every Saturday night asking if you re ready to shop for the most useless garbage on the planet.

We re talking about everything from replicas of the giant piano from the movie  Big  to Nessie-shaped soup ladles.

The service then tells you how much the object of your drunken affection costs and where you can buy it online.

If you tell the mystery person on the other end of the line that you don t, in fact, want to buy a tiny tuxedo for your dog, he or she will egg you on.

The service is both a test in impulse control and a tiny devil on your shoulder in smartphone form.

The app was created by former BuzzFeed advertising employee Chris Baker, who is also responsible for a few other prank apps including one that lets you chat with an awkward bot.

Read More Imatorbhebhe commits to USC USC wide receivers coach Tee Martin made the cross country trip from Los Angeles to Atlanta over the weekend to watch Suwanee (Ga.) North Gwinnett wide receiver Josh Imatorbhebhe 's spring game in person. It turns out it was a worthwhile journey.

Imatorbhebhe, the nation's No. 137 overall prospect, committed to the Trojans via a video on Bleacher Report on Monday morning.

"It's huge for him to come all this way," Imatorbhebhe said Saturday. "I guess it's easier for schools from the SEC to come from an hour or two away, but to catch a five-hour flight to come all the way out here speaks a lot and shows just how much they want me and I appreciate Coach Tee showing up out here."

Imatorbhebhe and his family have ties to the west coast and he said the chance to return to California was ultimately too much to pass up.

"It's beautiful and there's a lot of stuff to do," Imatorbhebhe said. "It's a chance to get a great education, too, and education and football go hand-in-hand. I feel like there's a lot of opportunity for me to go out there and be successful."

Several schools have told Imatorbhebhe they don't plan on giving up anytime soon, but he said now that he's committed, he's likely stepping away from the recruiting world for a while.

"If need be, I'll take some other visits during the summer but I plan on just laying low," he said. 
2015-06-26
Yahoo Signs Deal With Oracle To Attract New Users Via Java Installs Yahoo s latest move to increase its search share and user base is a new partnership with Oracle that ties Yahoo to new Java software installations.

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer announced the agreement at the company s annual shareholder meeting on Wednesday. A Yahoo spokesperson tells Search Engine Land that it s a three-year deal, but the company declined to share financial terms of the partnership.

When desktop computer users download and install Oracle s Java software, they ll be asked if they want to set Yahoo as their home page and default search engine. The checkbox for that invite is turned on by default, which almost surely means Yahoo will add a number of new users without them even noticing.

Yahoo scored big gains in search share late last year after it replaced Google as the default search engine in the Firefox web browser. Yahoo eventually lost some users who went back to Google, but comScore s May 2015 estimates show Yahoo with 12.7 percent of the U.S. desktop search market   a significant improvement from its all-time low of 9.8 percent last summer.

For Oracle, the Yahoo partnership replaces a deal with IAC and its Ask.com search engine.

(tip via Wall Street Journal) 
2015-07-29
Yahoo Inc (YHOO) Launches Live Video Texting App The Same Day It Falls Off ... Yahoo thinks you want to send videos to friends in silence. The company released a new messaging app that allows for video and texting to friends, but unlike competitor messaging apps -- Periscope, Meerkat, FaceTime, Skype and Snapchat -- Yahoo has removed all audio. The company unveiled its new app, which goes live Thursday, at the Tumblr headquarters in New York City Wednesday afternoon.

The app, called Livetext, does not include audio, at all. Instead, users can see a real-time messages on top of a video stream and can include text and emoji. Messages will disappear, and not save on your phone, after the conversation is over. Livetext is purely for one-to-one messaging and does not have access to group communication or public broadcasts as is seen on Periscope and Meerkat.

To explain the reason behind the lack of audio, Yahoo's senior vice president of mobile and emerging product Adam Cahan elaborated on his own experiences, where he said he barely talks on the phone or listens to his voicemail.

Photo: Kerry Flynn/International Business Times

"Mobile addiction is pretty much where we are in our consumer adoption program right now," senior vice president of mobile and emerging product Adam Cahan said. "People are texting a ton, but what's not happening is calling and video chat."

Photo: Kerry Flynn/International Business Times

Wednesday marked the first day Yahoo was no longer on the Snapchat Discover channel   a network of media partners that produce daily content for the popular disappearing messaging app. The spot is now home to viral news, quiz and list-making site BuzzFeed and joins the ranks of CNN, Comedy Central, ESPN and iHeartMedia.

For now, Livetext is focused on one-to-one messaging and not a whole network of content. That's indeed the origins of Snapchat, but Livetext also meshes the live video streaming and text commentary of Twitter-owned Periscope.

In May, Yahoo had taken down its previous messaging app called Yahoo Messenger from the app store. Since July, Yahoo has been testing Livetext in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Ireland.

As clear from its second-quarter earnings report, Yahoo has been making a greater push toward its own mobile products and away from its search and desktop display advertsing. The company had reported a 54.6 percent year-to-year increase for its mobile revenue.

Last time Yahoo held a major product announcement in New York, the company revealed a redesigned Flickr app -- the photo and video sharing and uploading site the company had purchased in 2005 -- in May 2013. That event was on the same day Yahoo announced the acquisition of blogging site Tumblr, VentureBeat notes. Earlier this month, Yahoo released a new fantasy sports site called Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy at an event in San Francisco.

Livetext will be available for Android and iOS in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Germany and France on Thursday, and users must have a phone number or Yahoo ID to sign-up for Livetext. 
2015-12-02
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): The Bizarre Bullish Breakout For The Stock Corey Rosenbloom: In our current environment where  bad news is good news,  Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) gives us another example   and opportunity   to trade wacky outcomes to news.

News broke that the Yahoo! corporate board will be meeting (news links via Fortune and the LA Times) to consider spinning off their internet business, arguably the core of their company (and what most people associate with Yahoo!).

Despite this, its stock surged with a breakout and bullish trend day, giving opportunities to traders who can completely ignore logic.

Let s chart the breakout and future opportunities for this news-driven candidate:

While others speculate on the news and future prospects, let s focus on the stock and key developments.

Yahoo (YHOO) shares are likely in the process of completing a trend reversal.

A positive divergence with bullish volume on the rally from October could set the stage for additional bullish price action.

Today s breakout on   interesting  news did send the share price surging to a fresh new swing high.

The upside chart target for now extends to the underside of the falling 200 day SMA near $38.30 per share.

Watch the $35.50 level as your key bull/bear pivot.

A return under $35.00 opens a downside play toward $33.00 again.

Should share prices in the future break through the 200 day SMA at $38.30, it would set in motion a bullish series of trades (and price action) higher.

Here s the structure on the Weekly Chart:

2015 has been unkind to shareholders in Yahoo as price fell from the $50.00 level almost 50% lower toward $28.00 per share.

Like the Daily Chart, we re seeing the potential for a Bullish Trend Reversal develop under $30.00.

Our Weekly Target includes the underside of the falling 50 week EMA at $37.37.

Ultimately, if share prices can continue their bullish rally, it opens a future bullish pathway higher.

Once again, use $38.00 as your  Bull Above; Bear Beneath  price pivot.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Corey Rosenbloom from Afraid to Trade. Is Yahoo Worth $1.9 billion? (YHOO, BABA) Amid rumors that Yahoo Inc.'s (YHOO) board might be considering selling parts of the business to stakeholders, Brian Weiser, senior analyst at Pivotal Research, estimates the net worth of the company's core business at $1.9 billion. This estimate includes an assumption of mid-single digit top-line growth (approximately 2%) and stable mid-30s adjusted EBITDA margins post 2016 supported by $1 billion in annual capex and M&A.

The Cons

In Wieser's note, Yahoo's negatives outweigh the positives. According to him, even if Yahoo shows growth in its search business, it will still not be able to match Google's (GOOG) unique value proposition (by virtue of its dominance in the search market) or keep pace with the changes and growth in the search industry.

Yahoo's declining display ad business is also cause for worry. Wieser writes that the display business can be salvaged through addition of video units or good content to attract advertisers. But, Yahoo's advantages are offset by increased competition in video units and poor strategic and executional choices for content. (For more, see: Why Yahoo's Core Business is Negatively Valued.)

The Pros

According to him, the positives for Yahoo are the relatively large user base for email and a diverse audience profile. "As long as both of those factors remain in place, there would be time for an acquirer to establish new strategies and develop products while the property continues to generate cashflow," he writes. "The low absolute price we assign to the business suggests that a sale process would have a high probability of causing core Yahoo! to produce higher value for shareholders than it presently does today."

Earlier estimates of Yahoo's core business have ranged from negative valuations to $5 billion. For example, Cantor Fitzgerald's Youssef Squali, puts the worth of Yahoo's core business at $3.9 billion.

It must be remembered that these estimates are exclusive of Yahoo's cash reserves worth approximately $5.8 billion.

The Bottom Line

The math for spinning out Yahoo's core business is attractive: Yahoo's stake in Alibaba is worth $32 billion and its 35% stake in Yahoo Japan is worth $8.5 billion. Spinning out Alibaba (BABA) could incur significant taxes. Considering that Yahoo's core business is in terminal decline, that might not be such a good idea.

Even if the rumors are not true, it might make sense for Yahoo's board to consider Starboard Value's proposal. Five Things Everyone Will Be Talking About Today Euro-area inflation comes in below expectations, there are reports that Yahoo is thinking about selling its Internet business and Yellen is scheduled speak. Here are some of the things people in markets are talking about today.

Euro area inflation

Euro-area inflation remained at 0.1 percent in November, below economist forecasts for a small rise to 0.2 percent and with core inflation unexpectedly slipping to 0.9 percent. In a Bloomberg survey published this week, all 53 participating economists predicted the European Central Bank will step up stimulus at tomorrow's meeting. The euro dropped back below $1.06 after the inflation numbers were released and traded at $1.0589 at 10:53 a.m. London time as traders look to euro dollar parity in the coming months.

Reports of big changes at Yahoo

Yahoo! Inc. s board will consider a potential sale of the company s main Internet businesses, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer is facing renewed pressure from activist investor Starboard Value after making little progress to turn the company around after three years at the helm. Shares in Yahoo were 6.5 percent higher in premarket trading following the report.

Yellen speaks

Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is set to deliver remarks and participate in an interview at the Economic Club of Washington after that in what will be the first of her two major engagements over the coming days. She is expected to start her prepared remarks at 12:45 p.m. ET with her conversation with David Rubenstein beginning at 1:15 p.m.

China stocks rally

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

The Shanghai Composite Index climbed 2.3 percent as financial companies rallied on prospects for monetary stimulus. China Life Insurance Co., China Vanke Co. and China Citic Bank Corp. all surged by the 10 percent daily limit. Authorities in China announced that they were easing controls on investment grade corporate bond sales. Finance Minister Lou Jiwei told a closed-door meeting last month of plans to expand the size of its local government debt swap program to about 15 trillion yuan, according to a person who attended the gathering.

Bonus pools

Citigroup Inc., the third-biggest U.S. bank, plans to leave its bonus pool unchanged from 2014, joining JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a move that will put pressure on weaker rivals, particularly in Europe where banks are preparing to cut compensation. Morgan Stanley shares climbed yesterday on news that the bank is planning to cut as much as a quarter of its fixed income staff.

What we've been reading

This is what's caught our eye over the last 24 hours.

Want to receive this post, and more, into your inbox every morning? Sign up here Yahoo prevails in sweepstakes fulfillment contract dispute USA December 2 2015

Earlier this year, we reported on developments in a lawsuit filed by prize promotion and risk management company SCA Promotions, Inc. ( SCA ) against Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo ) in connection with a botched billion-dollar March Madness sweepstakes fulfillment contract. On November 18, 2015, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas granted Yahoo s motion for summary judgment and dismissed the suit.

Why was Yahoo dragged into court for its sweepstakes promotion contract?

Yahoo s Sweepstakes Fulfillment Contract with SCA

SCA s lawsuit, originally filed in January 2014 in a Dallas County court before being removed to federal court last March, alleged that Yahoo sponsored a March Madness sweepstakes in which any participant who could correctly predict the winner of all 63 games in the NCAA Men s Basketball Tournament would win a $1 billion prize.

In December 2013, Yahoo and SCA signed a sweepstakes fulfillment contract, in which SCA and another third-party underwriter would pay out the full $1 billion prize in the event of a winner and, in return, Yahoo would pay $11 million to SCA. Yahoo made an initial scheduled payment of $1.1 million to SCA shortly after signing the contract. However, in January 2014, after Quicken Loans publicly announced that it was teaming up with Warren Buffet and Berkshire Hathaway to sponsor a  Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge    which, according to Yahoo, was essentially identical to Yahoo s planned March Madness sweepstakes promotion   Yahoo worked out a deal with Quicken (and without SCA) to be a part of the Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge.

SCA and Yahoo s sweepstakes fulfillment contract stated:  Should the signed contract be cancelled between January 16, 2014 and February 15, 2014, a cancellation penalty of 50% of the fee will be paid to SCA by Sponsor.  SCA alleged that 50% of  the fee  amounted to $5.5 million (half of the full $11 million amount), which would mean that Yahoo owed SCA an additional $4.4 million.

Conversely, Yahoo argued, and the court agreed, that Yahoo s liability  is limited to the amount of fees paid by Yahoo, which undisputedly total $1.1 million (of which Yahoo is entitled to a refund of $550,000).  As such, although SCA initiated the breach of contract suit, Yahoo actually stands to recoup half of its initial payment to SCA.

Sponsors: How Clear Are Your Sweepstakes Fulfillment Contracts?

While Yahoo stands to recover over a half-million dollars as a result of last month s judgment, the contract language in question was less than clear, and a court could have just as easily slapped Yahoo with a $5.5 million cancellation penalty. Sponsors of sweepstakes and promotional contests can minimize the risk of this sort of predicament by including clear, unambiguous language in their sweepstakes fulfillment contracts, especially in key provisions of contracts involving large sums of money. Yahoo's Internet Business Struggles, Considers Selling Port Shelter's CEO Says Gold Might Be Interesting

47:34 - Port Shelter Investment Management CEO Richard Harris weighs in on the markets and discusses his investment thoughts. He speaks on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg) NYU's Galloway: Yahoo Should Be Sold Now Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

47:46 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-06-28
Like the real game, fantasy sports now worth billions Fantasy sports were once just a fun way for diehard fans to express their love of the game - now they are a multibillion-dollar business whose tech-savvy clientele increasingly drive how the pro leagues operate Fantasy sports were once just a fun way for diehard fans to express their love of the game together with other zealots, without actually getting out on the field themselves.

Now they are a multibillion-dollar business whose tech-savvy clientele increasingly drive how the pro leagues operate and the way big games are broadcast.

The industry's ascendancy was on display at the Fantasy Sports Trade Association's summer conference this week, where sports giants like broadcaster ESPN and the National Basketball Association championed fantasy leagues and promised more fantasy-friendly steps to feed the boom.

In fantasy sports, a participant creates his own team, selecting players from a real-world sports league like the NBA, National Football League or England's Premier League football.

As real games are played, a fantasy team competes and is ranked against others based on the actual-game performance of its players.

Fantasy competitors once matched their dream teams against others to suss out their nose for talent and for simple bragging rights.

Today, with 51.6 million Americans participating in fantasy sports leagues, according to the FSTA, players can pay to join competitions that award prizes of $1 million or more.

Fantasy players spend an average $465 per year on their imaginary competitions, up markedly from $95 in 2012, according to the market research firm Ipsos.

That is a big change from the old days when fantasy players were dismissed as statistics geeks and relegated to the fringes.

"When there were any mentions at all, it was sort of a sneering disrespect for fantasy sports," FSTA president Paul Charchian said in an interview. "Now we are coveted."

Fantasy sports on steroids

In fantasy sports, a participant creates his own team, selecting players from a real-world sports league like the NBA, National Football League or England's Premier League football

Fantasy sports date back to the 1980s when a small group of baseball-loving academics and writers established "Rotisserie Baseball."

After picking their teams, they would pore over the scores and other data published in newspapers after games, ranking their imaginary teams against others.

But in the fast-evolving era of smartphones, big data and instant news, today's contests are a kind of fantasy sports on steroids.

And the industry got a boost when, in 2006, the US Congress which has mostly banned online gambling ruled fantasy sports did not fall under that category, allowing a surge in playing for money.

A typical fantasy contestant now keeps one eye on an actual game and the other on a tablet or smartphone that aggregates fantasy-league points in real time, spitting out the standings of virtual teams play-by-play.

Many fantasy game sites can send alerts if a key player scores a touchdown, or gives up a goal.

Competitions have spread from baseball, basketball and football to sports like golf and rugby. Contestants can pay to play for an entire season, or just an evening's worth of games.

Delivering that kind of action has made two leading fantasy companies, DraftKings and FanDuel, each worth an estimated $1 billion.

Showcasing the industry's growing clout, DraftKings has an exclusive marketing partnership with Major League Baseball while FanDuel has a similar contract with the NBA.

Broadcasters taking note

Survey data suggest the industry has hit the marketing sweet spot, with more than half of players in the coveted 18-34 age group and with above-average incomes and education.

The real sports industry is taking them more seriously because, according to Ipsos, they watch more live sports and consume more sports news than others.

That allows real sports leagues to sell fantasy players more premium-viewing products and to command higher rates from ESPN and other broadcasters due to higher ratings. Those broadcasters in turn are able to attract more money from advertisers.

Sports media has responded by reporting more news sought out by fantasy leagues, such as injuries that keep a real player out of his team lineup which hits any fantasy team with that player on its roster.

RotoWire is a news service that peppers subscribers with the latest on which players have a sore shoulder or ankle inflammation, for example.

Bob Vorwald, executive producer of WGN-TV in Chicago, is pushing his sports announcers to do more fantasy-oriented news: "Every television station programmer wants to get a younger audience, but we're not there yet."

ESPN senior producer Seth Markman said the network was working to "fully integrate" fantasy into all programming.

Explore further: CBS Sports to open fantasy platform to developers 
2015-02-05
Twitter Reaches Deal to Show Tweets in Google Search Results Twitter Inc. has struck a deal with Google Inc. to make its 140-character updates more searchable online.

In the first half of this year, tweets will start to be visible in Google s search results as soon as they re posted, thanks to a deal giving the Web company access to Twitter s firehose, the stream of data generated by the microblogging service s 284 million users, people with knowledge of the matter said Wednesday. Google previously had to crawl Twitter s site for the information, which will now be visible automatically.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The agreement underscores the progress that Twitter Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo is making in getting tweets seen by more non-users and generating more advertising revenue from a larger audience. Twitter, which also provides data to Microsoft Corp. s Bing search service and Yahoo! Inc., is aiming to draw more people to its site as user growth slows. Twitter this week announced deals to show advertising in Flipboard Inc. s mobile application and with Yahoo Japan Corp

Twitter shares rose 1.3 percent to $41.26 at the close in New York. The stock has advanced 15 percent this year. Google rose less than 1 percent to $529.83.

Engineers from Twitter and Google are already working on the arrangement, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deal isn t public. The two companies had a similar deal from 2009 to 2011. Ali Rowghani, Twitter s former chief operating officer, had been against renewing the agreement to keep more control over Twitter s content and it lapsed, the people said.

Mutually Beneficial

The renewed relationship benefits both companies, said Doug Anmuth, an analyst at JPMorgan, in a note to investors.

The deal means  more opportunities for Twitter to convert, and possibly monetize, logged-out users,  he said. It will also increase the frequency that people with Twitter accounts check the site, he added.

 For Google, we believe search results will be enhanced by access to real-time tweets and a much broader amount of content,  Anmuth wrote.

Will Stickney, a spokesman for San Francisco-based Twitter, declined to comment. Jason Freidenfelds, a spokesman for Mountain View, California-based Google, didn t respond to a message seeking comment.

There s no advertising revenue involved in the deal between Twitter and Google, one of the people said. That suggests Twitter will receive data-licensing revenue, which was $41 million in the third quarter, up from $16 million a year earlier.

Anthony Noto, Twitter s chief financial officer, said at the company s analyst meeting in November that it had been working to make tweets easier to find through search engines, and that negotiating with search providers could be a  unique opportunity  to distribute tweets to more people. EHarmony is moving from Santa Monica to Westwood EHarmony Inc. is breaking up with Santa Monica.

The online dating site has finalized a deal to move from its current headquarters at Santa Monica's Colorado Center to Westwood, where it will take the top four floors of 10900 Wilshire Blvd., currently under renovation. Under a ten-year lease, EHarmony will be the anchor tenant and will get signage on both sides of the building, Chief Operating Officer Armen Avedissian said.

The building, formerly known as Murdock Plaza, is a prominent Westwood office tower that was purchased by New York real estate company Tishman Speyer for a reported $125 million last year.

"We can't wait to move," Avedissian said. "Just driving from Santa Monica to the 405 freeway right now is sometimes taking some employees from 45 minutes to one hour and 15 minutes to go 3 miles. It's a waste of time."

The move is expected July 20.

EHarmony will occupy 50,000 square feet in Westwood, down from the 64,000 square feet it has at the Colorado Center.

Avedissian said the smaller space will better suit the company: Two years ago, EHarmony outsourced its call center operations to Utah, reducing headquarters employees by approximately 100, he said. Since then, the extra space has sat empty.

"Right now we have 200 moving over to Westwood and we have the ability to grow to 300. And then we will continue to expand down the building and add floors," he said.

EHarmony's relationship with Santa Monica has been relatively short; it moved to the beachside city just five years ago from its previous home in Pasadena and took up residence in the Colorado Center via a five-year sublease agreement with Yahoo, another tenant in the complex.

The sublease expires at the end of July, and Avedissian said Colorado Center building owner Equity Office "didn't even give us an option to stay in our floor."

One big factor that played into EHarmony's decision to move to L.A.: the three-year extension of an attractive business tax exemption for Internet companies.

"Had they not extended the tax break to Internet companies, we wouldn't have gone because it would have wiped out the gain anyway in the economics of moving versus not moving," Avedissian said. "It was critical that we had that extended."

Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti has been touting the exemption and actively wooing tech companies across the city border. The mayor's office started talking to EHarmony last summer and marketed the incentives that L.A. has to offer; more recently, Garcetti called EHarmony founder Neil Clark Warren to make his pitch directly.

"This move is another sign that our city is emerging as a tech leader, ensuring that we're able to retain quality engineers and attract and grow local funding sources," Garcetti said Wednesday.

Santa Monica is known for pricey rents and high occupancy rates, which have forced a number of tech companies to look elsewhere for office space.

Last month, Yahoo Inc. announced that it was moving its Santa Monica operations to Playa Vista. The Sunnyvale, Calif., Internet company signed a long-term lease for about 130,000 square feet at the new Collective campus and said it was bringing at least 400 jobs with room for growth.

Video game company Riot Games Inc. is also moving from Santa Monica to Los Angeles this spring.

andrea.chang@latimes.com

peter.jamison@latimes.com

Twitter: @byandreachang, @PeteJamison

Times staff writer Roger Vincent contributed to this report. NSD: Winners and losers  Marie Claire UK to Launch Beauty Retail By Nina Jones

The U.K. edition of Marie Claire is set to launch a beauty retail venture in partnership with Specialty Stores Ltd., Marie Claire s publisher Time Inc. U.K. said Tuesday. Specialty Stores is a subsidiary of Ocado Group, the parent company of the online grocery store Ocado.com.

The Marie Claire venture will be a separate stand-alone retailer with Marie Claire branding, which will carry premium beauty and well-being products from a number of brands and operate through its own e-commerce Web site and brick-and-mortar stores.

 Marie Claire is the number-one beauty brand in the country. It s got an incredible trust and authority in the beauty space,  Jackie Newcombe, managing director of Time Inc. U.K. s luxury brands, told WWD Tuesday, discussing the publisher s decision to launch a retail element of the brand. According to figures from Time Inc. U.K., Marie Claire has more beauty editorial pages than other U.K. fashion titles, such as Vogue, Elle and Harper s Bazaar.

Newcombe added the title  already has a fantastic relationship with beauty companies.  In addition to its beauty coverage in the magazine and online, Marie Claire U.K. publishes three beauty supplements a year and hosts its annual Prix d Excellence de la Beaut  awards, which celebrates what the title calls:  the most innovative and most effective products of the year. 

RELATED: Backstage at Jean Paul Gaultier Couture

Newcombe said Time Inc. U.K. had been attracted to partnering with specialty stores on the venture, thanks to  their unrivaled knowledge of the logistical side [of the retail business]   the picking and packing, delivery and crucial customer service,  she said.

Amanda Scott, head of buying for beauty and accessories at John Lewis, will be managing director of the venture, working closely with Justine Southall, Marie Claire U.K. s publishing director. Newcombe described Scott s involvement as a  fantastic coup  for Time Inc. U.K., given that Scott had driven the growth in John Lewis  beauty business over the past few years. The executive oversaw the relaunch of John Lewis  beauty hall in 2012, when the retailer doubled the size of the beauty department at its Oxford Street flagship.

The publisher will certainly be entering a highly competitive beauty retail market in the U.K. Among the established beauty players in the region are high-end department stores such as Harrods, Selfridges and Harvey Nichols, through to drugstore chain Boots   now part of Walgreens Boots Alliance   which offers a mix of mass and premium products. More general retailers, among them Marks & Spencer, Tesco and Sainsbury s, also all offer own-brand and third-party beauty products. In 2012, M&S launched its own beauty retail concept called Your Beauty, which carries its own collections and a number of premium lines. Added to that are a number of online beauty retailers who have launched in the country, including feelunique.com, lookfantastic.com and cultbeauty.co.uk.



RELATED: The Best Accessories from Pre-Fall



Newcombe declined to reveal the exact date of the launch, but noted the venture will be a separate destination to Marie Claire s U.K. editorial Web site, and will have  its own staff.  As to what Marie Claire can bring to premium beauty retail, Newcombe said the venture would  create a unique user experience  through its online and brick-and-mortar presence, building on Marie Claire s  trusted brand, that women come to for its authority and credibility,  she said.

Marie Claire s announcement follows fellow Time Inc. U.K. title Wallpaper s news Monday that it will enter e-commerce. Wallpaper has teamed with The Level Group to create WallpaperStore, which will launch in the spring with items such as lighting, textiles, gifts and home fragrance from international brands and designers.

Newcombe noted the recent change in Time Inc. s ownership, since the publishing company was spun off from Time Warner last year and began trading as a listed company, meant  there is money to invest and there are so many opportunities. 



Related: Yves Saint Laurent + Halston on Display



 Commerce is something we feel very strongly about,  Newcombe said, noting the publisher is likely to unveil further e-commerce ventures for its brands.  If you ve got that trust and authority, you know you create demand, and there is the opportunity to leverage that, and find ways of accessing new revenues,  she said.

More From WWD

PHOTOS: Mikhail Baryshnikov and Lil  Buck Dance with Rag & Bone

On the Streets at Paris Couture Week

Backstage at Elie Saab Couture 
2015-12-14
Yahoo Investors Tighten Screws Yahoo investors such as Canyon Capital and SpringOwl are putting pressure on Yahoo's board by laying out varying proposals to slash the workforce, replace CEO Marissa Mayer and find a buyer. Photo: AP

Yahoo Inc. is facing new pressure from investor groups who oppose giving Chief Executive Marissa Mayer more time to show progress on her turnaround.

Canyon Capital Advisors LLC, a Los Angeles investment firm that ranks among Yahoo s 15 largest shareholders, sent a letter to the board Friday urging it to find a buyer for its core Internet business or the entire company, according to a document reviewed by The Wall Street Journal.

... Now sign into Gmail via Yahoo: Top 5 key features Yahoo Inc has added a new feature to its Yahoo Mail app that allows user to integrate entire Gmail account into the webmail service enabling to search and find attachments.

Yahoo Inc has added a new feature to its Yahoo Mail app that allows user to integrate entire Gmail account into the webmail service enabling to search and find attachments. This will allow user to manage their Gmail accounts and Google apps from Yahoo mail. It is available for Outlook.com, Hotmail and AOL mail.

Yahoo Mail app introduced in October has a four-star rating in both the Apple App Store and Google Play. Yahoo Mail new feature will help sync every single action across all mailboxes, like moving emails between folders, deleting emails, marking them as read, etc. To connect Gmail account, users need to go into their Account Settings in the Yahoo Mail mobile app or on the desktop. Here are 5 Yahoo Mail features that users can now use across Gmail emails:

1. Sign in, password free: Yahoo Account Key on mobile makes signing in to your Yahoo account as easy as tapping a button.

2. Compose engaging emails: One can easily add photos and videos with the new Yahoo Mail app. Compose feature on desktop like GIFs, files and links too can be added by just clicking on the  +  sign when composing a new message.

3. Smart search: One can find what he needs quickly with search results pages that not only display relevant messages but also files and photos from connected mailboxes.

4. Access contacts across mailboxes: Contacts manager, powered by Xobni technology, makes suggestions for who one should email based on habits. Yahoo Mail also displays contact cards that include information you may need about someone (i.e. email addresses, phone numbers, social media info, email history and more).

5. Yahoo Mail iOS/Android: Yahoo! has also announced new features and capabilities for the Yahoo Mail iOS and Android apps. TCPA in Review; 2015 Was a Year of Clarification In 2015, the courts clarified much in defining the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA). From expanding the parties who can bring an action, to expanding the definition of Automatic Telephone Dialing System (ATDS), to increasing the potential damages which may be claimed, 2015 court opinions increased the potential pool of litigation under the TCPA.

Who has standing to file a TCPA claim?

The courts discussed who has standing to file a TCPA claim. The Southern District of New York confirmed that the  called party  refers to the party actually called and not the party intended to be called. In King v. Time Warner Cable, No. 14 Civ.2018(AKH) (SD NY) July 2015, the Defendant sent prerecorded messages to a delinquent customer using an interactive voice response (IVR) system. The phone number to which the messages were sent was provided by the customer. Defendant would have had the consent of that party to send messages to that number. However, when the messages were sent, the number was for a cell phone belonging to Plaintiff, an unrelated party. The court found that the new holder of the number had standing to file a claim under the TCPA since  called party  clearly refers to the party actually called and not the party intended to be called. The consent of the prior owner of the number offers no protection to the caller.

The 3rd circuit widely expanded the definition of  called party  in October when it found that a co-resident of the called party had standing to bring a claim. In Leyse et al v. Bank of America

No. 14-4073 (3rd Cir.) Oct 14, 2015, the Court reversed the dismissal of the case by the District Court, holding that the intent of the caller had no bearing on who was the  called party  for standing purposes. The Court wrote that  a regular user of the phone line who occupies the residence being called undoubtedly has the sort of interest in privacy, peace, and quiet that Congress intended to protect.  Defendant called Plaintiff s roommate and left a pre-recorded message allegedly in violation of the TCPA. Although Plaintiff was not the intended recipient, the court ruled that Plaintiff could file a claim when he received the message. If the caller had the intended recipient s prior express consent, it would be protected against claims of incidental recipients, but without the prior express consent of the intended recipient, any actual recipient of a pre-recorded message can file suit under the TCPA so long as they fall within the  zone of interest protected by the Act. 

What constitutes an ATDS?

The courts also discussed what constitutes an ATDS. Capacity of the relevant equipment remains the critical issue, but the inquiry has changed regarding the capacity required. The courts have moved away from discussing  random or sequential number generators  as written in the statute. Instead, the courts focused on the capacity to make calls without  human intervention. 

In February, the Northern District of California decided that text messages sent as part of a group messaging application did not qualify as an ATDS using the  human intervention  standard. In Glauser v. GroupMe, Inc. No. C 11-2584 PJH. (ND CA) Feb, 2015, the court found that the definition of ATDS includes any equipment with the capacity to generate numbers and dial them without human intervention regardless of whether the numbers called are randomly or sequentially generated or come from calling lists. The court found for Defendant on the facts of this case, because the group s creator was required to manually enter the numbers of the members in order to include them in the text messaging. The Court found the relevant texts were therefore sent as a direct response to human intervention.

In August, the same District Court revisited the question of human intervention in Luna v. SHAC, LLC, dba Sapphire Gentlemen s Club; et al. No. C14-00607 HRL. (ND CA) Aug 2015. Here, Defendant sent promotional text messages to its customers. Plaintiff claimed he received unwanted messages from Defendant. The court found that the Hobbs Act requires the court to look to FCC rulings in addition to the TCPA itself in order to determine whether Defendant s equipment qualifies as an ATDS. Under this analysis, the court found that  internet-to-phone text messaging technology  is expressly included in the definition of ATDS. The court found for Defendant on the facts of this case because there was human intervention in sending the messages. The court found that the human intervention in this case was even greater than that in Glauser v. GroupMe, Inc. and McKenna v. WhisperText. The  human intervention  was not limited to the act of uploading the telephone number to the database, but it included  drafting the message, determining the timing of the message, and clicking  send  on the website to transmit the message to Plaintiff. 

Across the country in New York, the District Court also found that human intervention was the key to defining an ATDS and not random or sequential generation of numbers. In King v. Time Warner Cable, No. 14 Civ.2018(AKH) (SD NY) July 2015, the Court ruled that Defendant s IVR system was an ATDS because it dialed numbers without human intervention, even if those numbers were not randomly or sequentially dialed. Further, since the violation was to  make any call ,  even unanswered calls constituted violations. The Court held that Time Warner violated the TCPA when it continued calling Plaintiff s number after she informed Defendant that she was not the intended recipient and requested the calls cease. All calls after that time were willful violations authorizing treble damages.

The 3rd Circuit considered the 2014 case of Dominguez et al. v. Yahoo, Inc. on appeal from the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (14-1751 (3rd Cir) October, 2015) and expanded the definition of ATDS. Here, Plaintiff received text messages from Yahoo on his cell phone. These e-mail notification messages were requested by the prior holder of Plaintiff s cell phone number. There is no question that the messages were not sent to randomly or sequentially generated numbers, but to specific customers who opted in to the service and provided their numbers. The court ruled that because the telemarketing industry has changed its tactics, the  random or sequential number generator  language in the statute is no longer applicable. The Court adopted what it found to be the FCC position that neither  present ability  of the equipment nor the use of a single piece of equipment is required to qualify as an ATDS. So long as the equipment is part of a  system  that has the latent  capacity  to place autodialed calls, the statutory definition of ATDS is satisfied. The Court found an issue of fact existed as to whether the equipment in question had this  capacity.  The Court found since the defendant s expert did not sufficiently define  capacity  in his affidavit, his opinion was a  legal conclusion  insufficient for summary judgment.

Some courts did find some limit to what is considered an ATDS.

A District Court in California found that a call individually placed from a desktop telephone did not qualify as an ATDS. In Freyja v. Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. CV 14-7831 DSF (MRWx) CD California (October 14, 2015), the court held that the phone itself could not be used as an autodialer. Although the phone could have been used to receive calls from an autodialer if properly configured, it did not constitute an ATDS as it existed when the call was placed.

Similarly, in Modica v. Green Tree Servicing, LLC No. 14 C 3308. (ND, IL) April, 2015, the Court held that when the agent did not log in to the dialer, the call she placed was not from an ATDS. Although she had the capacity to log in to a dialer to place the call, she did not do so, and the equipment she did use to make the call did not qualify as an ATDS.

What constitutes consent?

Courts also addressed the issue of consent to be called. The 11th Circuit held that voluntarily providing a cell number to the caller constituted express consent for that caller to use that cell number. In Murphy, et al. v. DCI, et al. No. 14-10414 (11th Cir) Aug 20, 2015, the Court held that Defendant s text messages to Plaintiff s cell number did not violate the TCPA because the caller had prior express consent as a result of Plaintiff providing that number on an initial information form.

The Illinois District Court confirmed that the requisite consent must be expressed and must be prior to the contact. In Modica v. Green Tree Servicing, LLC No. 14 C 3308. (ND, IL) April, 2015, the plaintiffs were husband and wife. Defendant obtained one Plaintiff s cell number when she called them. Capturing the number by caller ID does not constitute sufficient consent under the TCPA. The other Plaintiff allegedly provided consent during a telephone conversation. That consent, however could not protect Defendant from calls it made prior to the consent.

A District Court in Florida addressed the issue of revocation of consent. It found, in Miceli v. Orange Lake Country Club, Inc. 6:14-cv-1602-Orl-41DAB (MD FL) August, 2015, that an attorney s letter of representation containing a blanket revocation of consent could be effective in revoking prior express consent to call a cell phone. The court found that there is no requirement that a debtor use any particular language to notify a debt collector that he is represented by legal counsel and that the letter of representation was sufficient to allege that Debtor s prior consent to call his cell phone was revoked. This alleged revocation of consent was sufficient to allege a willful violation of the TCPA.

Finally, the 11th Circuit held that TCPA violations are $500.00 per violation and not per call. In Lary v. Trinity Physician 780 F.3d 1101 (11th Cir) March 2015, Plaintiff alleged a single call constituted multiple violations because it was both an unsolicited advertisement and a call to an emergency telephone line. The Court held that there is no language in 227(b)(1) limiting recovery of $500 per call or fax. 
2015-10-07
General Mills: Buy The Products Not The Stock Consumer staples companies make for excellent dividend growth investments due to their steady nature. I mean we're all going to continue to eat even if the economy isn't exactly firing on all cylinders. That's why you see some pretty hefty dividend growth streaks concentrated in the sector. One such company is General Mills (NYSE:GIS), which has a 12-year streak of increasing dividends paid to owners but 117 consecutive years of uninterrupted dividend payments. From time to time, they might keep the dividend steady but in over 100 years, it's never once been reduced. That's a company that I can get behind. Especially when you add in that they have some of the great pantry staples brands among their portfolio including Cheerios, Betty Crocker, Pillsbury, Yoplait, Nature Valley and several more. Shares of General Mills are trading around $56.32 giving investors a current yield of 3.13%.

The following tables/graphs are taken from my personal stock analysis spreadsheet. Data for the stock analysis was sourced from General Mills, Inc.'s investor relations page, Morningstar, and Yahoo Finance.

Historic Growth Rates:

Owners of General Mills have received excellent returns over the last decade. According to longrundata.com, shares of GIS have earned investors a total return of 316.9% or 12.2% annualized over the last decade. Those numbers are market returns at specific snapshots in time and aren't necessarily indicative of the business results over the same time period. Looking at the historic growth rates for per share dividends, earnings, revenue, and free cash flow gives a better idea of the true operational results that General Mills has delivered.

Out of all four per share metrics, only dividend growth has kept pace with total returns seen by investors over the last decade. This suggests that at least some portion of the return has been due to valuation expansion as opposed to true organic growth of the company. Earnings were depressed for FY 2015 which leads to a lot of the under performance of the per share metrics compared to market returns. Using the FY 2016 earnings estimate of $2.92, the 10-year growth rate will increase to a much more sustainable 7.3%. Of course, these are past results and they're no guarantee of the future, rather just a guide. So let's look at what the future could potentially have in store for investors in General Mills.

Discounted Earnings:

Analysts followed by Yahoo! Finance expect General Mills to grow earnings 6.7% per year over the next 5 years. I then assumed that GIS could grow earnings at 5.4% per year for the next 3 years (80% of 6.7%) and at 5.0% in perpetuity. Running these numbers through a discounted earnings analysis with a 10% discount rate and summing over 30 years yields a fair value price of $52.14.

Gordon Growth Model:

As a dividend growth investor, I'm primarily concerned with the growth of the dividend since capital appreciation is too volatile to forecast in the short term. Using a simple Gordon Growth Model calculation starting with the current annual dividend of $1.76, a required rate of return of 9%, and a dividend growth rate of 6%, General Mill's fair value is calculated to be $62.19.

You can also rearrange the formula to solve for the required growth rate based on the current price. Using the current annual dividend of $1.76 and the current price of $57.16, GIS would need to grow the dividend by 5.7% per year to provide a 9% rate of return.

With the 1, 3, 5, and 10-year growth rates well above the conservative estimates used for the Gordon Growth Model calculations, I'm fairly confident that General Mills will continue to deliver dividend growth that beats the assumed rates, which in turn will deliver higher returns for investors. As you'll see later in the analysis, the payout ratios are still fairly conservative, which will allow management room to continue raising the dividend should growth come in under expectations for a year or two.

Dividend Discount Model:

For the DDM, I assumed that General Mills will grow dividends at 7.7% per year for the next five years, 6.2% per year for the following 3 years and then at 5.0% in perpetuity. I used slightly more aggressive growth rates for the dividend compared to earnings growth due to the conservative payout ratios and expected share buybacks that should allow for an extra 1-2% annual growth. To calculate the values, I used a discount rate of 9%. Based on the DDM, shares of General Mills are worth $64.92.

Dividend Safety:

Of course, we all want dividend growth from the companies we own because in general that means there's growth of the underlying business. However, dividend growth at all costs is not sustainable. Over the last 10 years, the payout based on earnings has ranged from a low of 41.3% to a high of 82.1% with an average payout ratio of 49.7%. The free cash flow payout ratio has ranged from 36.0% to 84.8% with an average of 49.0%. You can see the historical payout ratios based off both earnings and free cash flow in the following chart.

Over the last decade, the payout ratio based off both earnings and free cash flow has trended slightly higher but not at an alarming rate. Dividend growth could slow if management aims to return to their historic payout ratios between 45-50% since the current dividend of $1.76 would represent a 60% payout ratio based on FY 2016 EPS estimates. The dividend is currently well covered by both earnings per share and free cash flow.

Cash Flow:

Earnings grab the headline attention, but cash flow is the lifeblood of any company. General Mills has seen steady growth in operating cash flow over the last five years increasing it from $2,181.2 M to $2,542.8 M. That works out to a 3.1% annual increase over the last five years. Capital expenditures have increased over the same period growing from $649.9 M to $712.4 M. However, that's just a 1.9% annual increase in capital expenditures. Since capital expenditures have risen slower than operating cash flow, free cash flow has been increasing. At the end of FY 2010, free cash flow was $1,531.3 M and at the end of FY 2015, it had risen to $1,830.4 M. That's 3.6% annualized growth.

Since dividends are a cash expense, let's see what the free cash flow after paying the dividend, FCFaD, looks like. FCFaD has been declining due to the dividend growing faster than free cash flow growth. In total cash expense terms, dividends have grown 10.1% per year, which has led to a decline of the FCFaD from $887.6 M in FY 2010 to $787.7 M in FY 2015, which works out to 2.4% annual declines. Free cash flow after the dividend and buybacks, FCFaDB, look even worse going from $584.6 M to -$210.5 M over the same time period.

Cash flow can be rather volatile due to the timing of cash expenses so it helps to look at things over a period of time rather than at single points in time. FCF has been solid over the last 5 years with a net positive $8,624.1 M. FCFaD is excellent as well coming in at $4,084.2 M. However, net buybacks have outpaced FCFaD by about 13% leading to a negative FCFaDB of -$538.3 M over the last five years. As we'll see later in the analysis, debt has increased and the cash balance has decreased which is partly due to the negative FCFaDB.

Balance Sheet:

It's also important to analyze the balance sheet to determine the safety of the dividend. General Mills has a slightly more aggressive balance sheet than I would prefer but it's acceptable due to the steady and consistent nature of their business. Total debt has averaged 56.5% of their capital structure over the last five years while long-term debt-to-equity has averaged 1.04. You'll notice a fairly significant increase in their debt ratios for FY 2015 due to a simultaneous increase in debt of about 5.0% while equity decreased 23.5%.

As of the end of FY 2015, GIS's total debt level was $9.224 B. Based on the average net income of the last 3 years, $1.671 B, General Mills could use its cash stockpile of $334.2 M and repay all of its debt with 5.3 years worth of net income if they desired. I consider anything less than 5 years to be safe and General Mills is just over that mark. For FY 2015, net income covered the interest expense 3.8 times over and has averaged 5.0 times interest coverage over the last five years. General Mills' management is rather aggressive with their balance sheet and I would like to see a concrete plan in place to address it. The debt is still manageable at current levels but additional debt will eat into cash flow even more, which leaves less cash available to grow the business, increase dividends, or repurchase shares.

Relative Historical Valuations:

Another thing I like to look at before investing in a company is where it currently sits compared to some common valuation ratios. Companies tend to stay within certain ranges as long as nothing has fundamentally changed with the company. The following table shows the high and low end of the 5 and 10-year historical averages for dividend yield, P/E ratio, P/S ratio, and EBITDA per share as well as the FY 2016 estimate for each metric with the corresponding price targets. The reason for using the low end of the common ratios is because we are targeting to buy shares of the company at its cheapest valuation.

Based on the historic range for dividend yield, General Mills is currently trading at about the midpoint suggesting it's around fair value. However, for the other three metrics, the share price of General Mills is well above the high end of the historic valuation ranges. The average low valuation price works out to $42.53 while the average high valuation price works out to $52.76.

Share Buyback:

Since the end of FY 2010, General Mills has done a solid job reducing the share count. At the end of FY 2010, the diluted weighted shares outstanding were at 683.3 M and by the end of FY 2015, they sat at 619.0 M. Management has reduced the share count by 9.4% over the last five years with an annualized decrease of 2.0% per year.

A negative number for the % change value means shares were bought back by the company and a positive value means the shares outstanding increased.

While I enjoy share buybacks as a way to return capital to shareholders, it's also important to look at how effective those buybacks have been. General Mills has spent a total of $4,662.5 M on share buybacks since the end of FY 2010. The share count has been reduced by 64.3 M shares over that time. Calculations for buyback effectiveness takes into account the net cash used for buybacks, share buybacks, shares issued for acquisitions or stock options.

If General Mills' share count remained the same as at the end of FY 2010, 683.3 M, earnings per share for FY 2015 would have been $1.84. Since GIS actually earned $2.03 per diluted share in FY 2015, the effect of the buyback has been $0.19 ($2.03 - $1.84) per share. Management used $6.76 per share worth of equity value for the repurchases, which represents a 2.3% return ($0.19/$6.76). Management has done a solid job at reducing the share count; however, the returns on the capital employed haven't been spectacular coming in at just 2.3%.

Revenue and Net Income:

Since the basis of sustained dividend growth is revenue and net income growth, we'll now look at how General Mills has done on that front. Revenue had grown every year since at least FY 2001 until FY 2015 when revenue dipped 1.6%. In FY 2010, revenue came in at $14,796.5 B and ended FY 2015 at $17,630.3 M, which works out to a 3.6% annual increase. Over the same period, net income went from $1,530.5 M to $1,259.4 M, which is an annual decrease of 3.8%. Since net income has declined while revenues have grown, net income margin has decreased from 10.3% to 7.1% for the same periods.

Forecast:

The following chart represents the earnings per share forecast used in the discounted earnings valuation from above and the typical P/E ranges that shares of General Mills have traded for. Shares appear to be overvalued currently as the FY 2016 forward P/E ratio estimate sits at 19.6 and the average P/E ratio sits at 15.6. Based purely on a P/E ratio basis, shares of General Mills would make a poor investment as the current valuation is already accounting for growth through about the middle of FY 2020 to get back to the average P/E valuation. However, it's important to remember that these are just forecasts and if GIS is able to grow earnings at a faster or slower rate than my assumptions, the valuation could be very different. There's also the possibility that the market in general will change its normal P/E range for General Mills, leading to P/E compression or expansion.

Conclusion:

The average of all the valuation models gives a target entry price of $46.36, which means that shares of General Mills are trading at a 21.5% premium. I've also calculated it with the highest and lowest valuation methods thrown out. In this case, the dividend discount model and Graham Number valuations are removed and the new target entry price becomes $47.40. Shares are currently trading for an 18.8% premium to this price. The average valuation price works out to $49.05 and the high valuation price is at $53.35.

According to Yahoo! Finance, the 1-year target estimate is $57.50 suggesting that the share price is fairly valued with just 2.1% upside. S&P Capital IQ has General Mills as a 3-star hold and has a 1-year target price of $58.00 suggesting 3.0% upside with a fair value of $49.90. Morningstar has General Mills rated as a 3-star stock meaning it's trading at their fair value estimate.

When it comes to a history of rewarding owners with cash, General Mills has one of the richest histories. The dividend growth streak sits at just 12 years but have a streak of 117 years of uninterrupted dividend payments. That's something I can get behind even if they do keep the dividend the same from time to time.

General Mills hasn't been immune to the strength of the U.S. dollar as they saw a 1% decline in sales in U.S. dollars but a 4% improvement on a constant currency basis. International sales currently make up about 29% of General Mills' revenue and is growing much faster than the core U.S. segment with expected growth in the mid-to-high single digits across General Mills' operating segments. This will make them more vulnerable to currency fluctuations but those tend to work themselves out over the long run. In the end, it's all about the growth that those opportunities can offer which is currently much faster than domestic opportunities that are rather saturated and gains will mainly come from market share improvements.

The dividend is still well covered by both earnings and free cash flow so I have no doubt that the dividend will continue to grow. Given management's history of freezing the dividend every now and then, I wouldn't be surprised to see a frozen dividend or dividend growth that's lower than earnings growth while the payout ratios get back to their historic levels of around 50%. My biggest concern is the increase in debt levels over the last couple of years and I want to see a clear-cut plan in place with management to address this.

Management expects low-single digit net sales growth, which will translate to mid-single digit operating profit growth. That operating profit growth will lead to high-single digit growth in earnings, which will be the fuel for future dividend growth. Expected earnings and dividend growth of 6-9% plus a current dividend yield of 3% should lead to total returns for investors in the 9-12% range for investors that purchase at the right valuation.

Unfortunately, I don't think now is the best time to purchase shares but I have no problem holding onto my existing shares. The current share price is already pricing in some of that future growth, which will be a drag on investor returns going forward. Since I already have an existing position with General Mills and due to the overvaluation, I would wait to add shares of this excellent company until the share price retreats to the high $48-50 range. That would give investors a current yield around 3.5% and allow them to capture the majority of the future growth of the company.

A full list of my holdings can be found here.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GIS.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: I am not a financial professional and all thoughts/ideas here are my own and for entertainment purposes only. Investing involves risks. Please consult a financial professional and do your own due diligence before investing. The author is not responsible for losses of any kind by readers. All charts/images and data are sourced from my personal stock analysis spreadsheet, Morningstar, Yahoo! Finance, or General Mills, Inc.'s Investor Relations page. Greg Hardy comes back 'guns blazing,' talks up Tom Brady's wife It doesn t appear that Greg Hardy spent the four weeks he was suspended by the NFL in media savvy training.

Hardy, who had a 10-game suspension reduced down to four for a domestic violence incident last year involving his ex-girlfriend in 2014, returns to the field for the first time in more than a year on Sunday for the Dallas Cowboys against the New England Patriots.

[Play Yahoo Daily Fantasy and get a 100% deposit bonus with your first deposit]

He spoke with the media on Tuesday and made some poor word choices. Very poor.

Greg Hardy: "I hope I come out guns blazing. I'm full of excitement and full of juice. I'm ready to go."   Jon Machota (@jonmachota) October 6, 2015

Hardy, you might remember, was accused of pushing the woman onto a bed full of weapons. So yeah, poor choice of clich s right there. He signed with the Cowboys in the offseason with the full backing of owner Jerry Jones and the coaching staff, who have said Hardy will get a fresh start.

But this doesn t appear to be a man mincing his words and coming back to work with his hat in hand. When asked about Tom Brady, the quarterback he ll be trying to chase down Sunday, Hardy offered up this gem.

Greg Hardy: "I love seeing Tom Brady. You seen his wife? I hope she comes to the game. I hope her sister comes to the game..."   Jon Machota (@jonmachota) October 6, 2015

Yeah.

Hardy has missed the past 19 regular-season games and is acting like a man with no regret.

"In the last two seasons, it's been a blur," Hardy said, according to The Dallas Morning News. "Now that I'm back, I don't reminisce. I don't look back. I need to get to progress. 

Progressing on the field? Or as a man?

Both factors will come into play when the Cowboys decide whether to extend his contract past the 12 games he s currently locked up for. If he can play and play well, and if Hardy can sack quarterbacks   what he does best   he likely will be in line for a long-term deal at some point.

But if he steps afoul again at some point, he might have to look elsewhere for work. Hardy did nothing illegal in saying these things, but it is a stark warning that he s certainly not walking on eggshells as he returns to action.

We just can t help but think he ll shoot himself in the foot at some point. Oops, did we just make a pun?

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-09-23
EU-US Data Sharing Deal Can't Be Trusted, Top Court Aide Says American spies have almost unfettered access to information about European users of Facebook Inc. and other social media thanks to an illegal trans-Atlantic pact on data-transfers, an adviser to the EU s top court warned on Wednesday.

Secret U.S. orders forcing technology companies to hand over personal data linked to EU citizens can t continue under an  invalid  data-transfer accord struck 15 years ago, Advocate General Yves Bot of the Luxembourg-based tribunal said in a non-binding opinion. The EU court follows such advice in a majority of cases.

EU citizens  who are Facebook users are not informed that their personal data will be generally accessible to the United States security agencies,  said Bot. National data privacy watchdogs have the power,  where appropriate,  to suspend the transfer of such data to servers located in the U.S., including in the case concerning the data of European Facebook users, he said.

Unwarranted Interference

The EU Court of Justice should scrap the 2000 Safe Harbor decision because it doesn t protect citizens from the 28-nation bloc enough from an  unwarranted interference  with their rights and a  large-scale collection of personal data,  he said.

The EU-U.S. data-sharing accord gives U.S. intelligence services  wide-ranging  access to EU citizens  data that  must be considered to be particularly serious, given the large number of users concerned and the quantities of data transferred,  said Bot.

Those factors and  the secret nature  of the U.S. agencies  access to such data via the servers of companies based in the U.S.  make the interference extremely serious. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The EU s top court has been weighing the validity of the data-sharing accord following revelations by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden about U.S. government surveillance activities and mass data collection. An Irish judge last year called on the EU s tribunal to decide whether the deal still protects privacy and whether national regulators have the power to suspend illegal data flows from the EU to the U.S.

Too Lax

Bot criticized the European Commission for having neither  suspended nor adapted  the decision even though  it was aware of shortcomings  all along. The commission has been in negotiations with the U.S. for two years in a bid to address its concerns with the Safe Harbor decision of too lax sharing of people s personal data.

The Brussels-based EU executive arm said it  has been working tirelessly with the U.S. on the final details of a deal in the last weeks and we are confident that we can reach a positive conclusion soon,  according to an e-mailed statement Wednesday.

Austrian privacy activist Max Schrems triggered the case with a complaint he filed against Facebook with the privacy watchdog in Ireland, where the U.S. social network company has its European base. He alleged that Facebook s Irish unit illegally handed over data to U.S. spies. Schrems had previously filed 22 complaints against the Menlo Park, California-based company.

Facebook, like other tech giants Google Inc. and Yahoo! Inc., have been reeling from the effects of the Snowden revelations in 2013. The companies have been trying to assure their users or customers that their products are secure and that they don t willingly turn over data to the government.

NSA Surveillance

If followed by the court, it would mean that Facebook s European branch in

Ireland  would be barred from processing its data in the U.S., but would have to process its data in a place where those data are not subject to NSA mass-surveillance,  Herwig Hofmann, a lawyer representing Schrems, told reporters at the EU court today. All U.S. companies would have to follow the same rules, he said.

Facebook  operates in compliance with EU Data Protection law. Like the thousands of other companies who operate data transfers across the Atlantic we await the full judgment," said spokeswoman Sally Aldous.

"We have repeatedly said that we do not provide  backdoor  access to Facebook servers and data to intelligence agencies or governments,  she said.

All U.S. companies that are certified under Safe Harbor -- there are more than 4,000 such companies -- will be affected by the EU court s decision, which should follow in the next four to six months.

DigitalEurope, a trade group that represents companies such as Apple Inc.,

Google Inc. and Microsoft Corp., said it is  concerned about the potential

disruption to international data flows if the court follows today s

opinion,  according to a statement by John Higgins, its director general.

 If the safe harbor system is gone, it is very likely that the data protection authorities in the 28 EU member states will not allow data transfers to U.S. companies that are subject to mass surveillance laws,  said Schrems in an e-mailed statement.  This may have major commercial downsides for the U.S. tech industry. 

The case is: C-362/14, Maximillian Schrems v. Data Protection Commissioner. 
2015-03-23
Online ad revenue at risk in war on 'click fraud' A sign is seen outside the MillerCoors corporate offices in Golden, Colorado February 12, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking

The AIG logo is seen at its building in New York's financial district March 19, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

NEW YORK/BOSTON A growing number of U.S. companies, including MillerCoors and AIG, are stepping up the battle against online ad fraud by demanding proof that their ads have been seen by real people instead of computers hijacked by cybercriminals.

Spurred by a warning in December by the Association of National Advertisers (ANA) that businesses are losing $6.3 billion a year to so-called "click fraud," these companies now stipulate in advertising contracts that they will only pay for online ads when given proof that humans clicked on them.

"We don't want to be paying for non-human traffic," said Mark Clowes, global head of advertising at American International Group Inc (AIG.N), the largest commercial insurer in the country.

In a typical click fraud scheme, a crook infects many computers with malicious software, and directs the machines - called bots - to visit a webpage, click on an ad or watch a video. The fake traffic fools a marketer into thinking the site is popular, so it pays to place ads and links on the site.

A study conducted by cybersecurity firm White Ops for the ANA found that bots viewed almost one-fourth of online video ads and 11 percent of display ads. The study, published in December, involved 36 participants including AIG and MillerCoors SAB.L (TAP.N).

While click fraud has been going on for years, the ANA report has galvanized advertisers to fight back, ad executives said. What had been a trickle of references in contracts is becoming a flood.

"We've written into all of our contracts that our clients insist on at least 95 percent human traffic and anything less requires a make good or credit," said Barry Lowenthal, president of The Media Kitchen, an ad buying agency whose clients include Victoria's Secret Pink.

"By the end of 2015 we expect that every major agency and every major advertiser will include these kinds of clauses in their terms and conditions."

WEB PUBLISHERS AT RISK

U.S. digital advertising revenue is expected to reach $59 billion this year, according to eMarketer.

Online ads are sold through a complex, opaque system that can involve many parties including advertising agencies, website publishers and automated ad exchanges - the middlemen who aggregate and resell ad space across many websites.

Website publishers often pay third parties to direct visitors to their sites, a practice known as "source traffic." According to the 57-page ANA study, about half of all click fraud came from publishers paying for third-party traffic providers. (bit.ly/1Gj8wfI)

As advertisers crack down on click fraud, website publishers could suffer in the short term, said ANA Executive Vice President Bill Duggan.

Smaller publishers, in particular, would likely find it difficult to quickly respond to pressure from advertisers to eliminate bots. On average it costs up to 3 percent of a digital campaign to sweep the traffic.

An industry attorney said some publishers are not happy with the new contracts, which shift fraud costs to them from advertisers.

"You cannot inject a new risk module without having somebody squirm," said Joseph Rosenbaum, a partner at Reed Smith LLP. "Nobody likes to have additional liability."

Scott Cunningham, senior vice president at the Interactive Advertising Bureau, which represents some 600 website publishers, disagreed. He said the responsibility falls "squarely" on publishers.

"Your inventory is competing with criminal inventory. You absolutely have every obligation," Cunningham said.

Representatives for major website publishers Google Inc (GOOGL.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O), Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) and AOL Inc AOL.N said they have been aggressively working to combat click fraud for several years.

AOL and Facebook said the new advertising contracts had not hurt revenue. Microsoft, Yahoo and Google declined to comment.

FIGHTING FRAUD

Firms that audit traffic include White Ops, DoubleVerify, Integral Ad Science and Moat Inc.

OpenX, an advertising exchange that uses algorithms to buy and sell ads, said it took a 15 percent hit to revenue growth in 2013 after investing heavily to clean up its traffic. Growth was back on track by 2014 and OpenX spends more than $1 million each year to ensure traffic quality, it said.

Concerns about click fraud have prompted some advertisers and website publishers to form an alliance in December.

"This is the No. 1 industry priority right now," said Mike Zaneis, interim head of the alliance, known as the Trustworthy Accountability Group. Board members include executives from Facebook, McDonald's Corp (MCD.N), Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N), Publicis Groupe SA (PUBP.PA) and WPP Plc (WPP.L).

"It's gaining momentum," Zaneis said.

(Editing by Peter Henderson and Tiffany Wu) Square Launches $Cashtag: Your Free URL to Accept Money When your hashtag goes viral, it means that your Twitter account is blowing up. Now, when your $Cashtag goes viral, it ll mean that your bank account is blowing up.



This is the future that online money-sending service Square is envisioning with its new launch of personalized, cash-accepting URLs, called $Cashtags.

You can now visit cash.me to reserve your own $Cashtag, which is essentially a username for the service. As with Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook, tacking that username (or $Cashtag) at the end of the Square Cash website URL will bring visitors to your personal page. From there, those who owe you green can simply type in the amount and click  Pay.  The money is exchanged between associated debit accounts.

You can also type someone s $Cashtag into the Square Cash app and send money that way.

Done and done.



The new Web-centric version of the formerly email- and app-based Square Cash is still more stripped down than competing services.

Venmo, which also offers customers a free, personal URL, packs in a Facebook-like money stream showing which friends of yours gave money to whom and for what reason. And PayPal and Google Wallet, in addition to providing money-exchange options between two parties, can be used for paying at online shops as well.



With Cash s launch of $Cashtags, Square has brought a new ability to pay businesses or charities via the service, charging a fee of only 1.5 percent for transactions of that type. Square s popular Square Reader mobile credit card service currently charges 2.75 percent of each swipe.

There is, however, no fee to send money to nonbusiness $Cashtags. Which means to say that, with your help, I m hoping to see my $Cashtag ($danielwbean) start trending big. Thanks in advance.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.

 
2015-04-23
Why Yahoo! Needs To Fix Advertising Pricing ASAP Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) reported disappointing first-quarter results on Tuesday. EPS of the company came at $0.15 on revenues of $1.043 billion versus analysts' estimates of $1.08 and $1.054 billion, respectively.

Scott Kessler from S&P Capital IQ, which has a Hold rating on the stock, was on CNBC Wednesday to discuss Yahoo!'s results.

Uncertainty

"When the company reported results, the stock traded lower" Kessler said, "and then once they started to talk about Yahoo! Japan and strategic alternatives, then the stock seemed to gain some lift.

"Right now, I think, people aren't really sure where Yahoo! is going."

Related Link: 11 Questions For Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer

He continued, "That's frankly been a theme for the last couple of years; it's just that back a couple of years ago up until, say, last year it really was about Alibaba. Now people aren't really sure what the emphasis should be on."

Ad Pricing Needs Tweaking

Kessler was asked if Yahoo!'s CEO Marissa Mayer would usher the company into a win in the Internet search space. He replied, "We have a Hold opinion on the stock; we actually took down our 12-month target price to $52 from $57. Really, the thinking is that the operations are still a big question mark. Yes, search was better because of an alliance with Mozilla, which owns Firefox.

"But look at display advertising pricing down double digits for four straight quarters. Yahoo! needs to fix that, we think, for significant appreciation in the stock at this point," Kessler concluded.



Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Alibaba Firefox Marissa Mayer Mozilla S&P Capital IQAnalyst Color CNBC Media

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Phoenix Mercury star Brittney Griner arrested LOS ANGELES, CA - JULY 6: Brittney Griner #42 of the Phoenix Mercury celebrates during the game against the Los Angeles Sparks at Staples Center on July 6, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Juan Ocampo/NBAE via Getty Images)

Phoenix Mercury center Brittney Griner and her fianc e, Glory Johnson, were arrested on Wednesday in Goodyear, Ariz. Johnson is a forward for the Tulsa Shock.

The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office booking information shows the two were arrested for suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct.

Griner and Johnson, each 24, were released early Thursday morning, according to jail records. TMZ reports police "were called to Griner's home around 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday -- after receiving a call about a domestic dispute between the two women. When cops arrived, we're told officers observed 'minor physical injuries' on both Brittney and Glory."

Griner propelled the Phoenix Mercury to the WNBA title in 2014 and earned Defensive Player of the Year honors.

Courtesy Maricopa County Sheriff's Office More

She was also named All-WNBA First Team, and was an important part of Team USA's 2014 World Championship. In college, Griner led Baylor University to the 2012 NCAA title. She released an autobiography last year detailing the extensive bullying she experienced as a kid and is the spokesperson for an anti-bullying app that is currently in development.

Johnson was named to the WNBA All-Star team in 2013 and 2014 as a forward with the Tulsa Shock. She was the fourth overall pick in the 2012 draft.

The day before the arrests, Griner had tweeted about how much she loves Johnson.

EveryDay Every Second! I fall for you like I fell way back before I had the nerves to even approach  https://t.co/clpcxPqmxS   Brittney Griner (@brittneygriner) April 22, 2015

Griner proposed to Johnson last August, and announced plans to get married next month, according to TMZ.

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. These Are the Most Expensive Apple Products Ever Made Beyonc  has one. Katy Perry has one. Even the emotional Drake has one. I m talking, of course, about the Apple Watch  Edition  model.



A lot has been made of the Apple Watch Edition s hefty price tag, from $10,000 to $17,000. It is the most expensive mobile product Apple has ever made, by far. But Apple has experience selling high-end electronics. Very high end. Here are the most expensive products Apple has ever sold.

Apple Watch Edition

Let s kick things off with the product that s got everyone talking, the Apple Watch. Most Apple Watch buyers will likely opt for the 38 mm Apple Watch Sport or 42 mm Apple Watch Sport, which cost $350 and $400, respectively.

But if you re a celebrity, tech mogul, or just really rich, you ll probably snag an Apple Watch Edition. Pricing starts at a cool 10 grand for a 38 mm Apple Watch Edition with an 18-karat rose-gold case with a white Sport Band. Or you can splurge on the top configuration: $17,000 for a 38 mm watch with an 18-karat gold case and red Modern Buckle strap. You can t get a 42 mm watch with the Modern Buckle.

Supercelebrities like Beyonc , though, have been spotted wearing an Apple Watch Edition with a gold link band. Apple doesn t advertise this configuration of the watch anywhere in its promotional materials, and you can t buy it through the company s website. The going theory is that the all-gold watch is a special version of the Apple Watch Edition made specifically for super-high-profile celebrities. Pricing starts in your dreams.

20th-Anniversary Macintosh

(Ars Technica)

Built to commemorate Apple s 20th anniversary in 1996, though released in 1997, the 20th Anniversary Macintosh was a special edition all-in-one desktop. The TAM, as it s known in nerdier circles, sold for a wallet-eviscerating $7,499. That s the equivalent of about $11,000 in today s dollars.

The TAM lived a short life, though, as its performance didn t match its price. You could have bought a similarly powerful Apple desktop for far less cash. The TAM did, however, get to spend some time in the limelight, serving as Jerry Seinfeld s desktop computer on Seinfeld. A version of the TAM also made an appearance as Alfred s computer in the cinematic abomination that was Batman and Robin.

Read More Meet the 7-year-old boxing sensation from Kazakhstan Being able to spend hours in the gym with your dad can mean developing skills well before other kids your age. That's the case for 7-year-old Evnika Saadvakass of Khazakstan, the daughter of pro boxing trainer Rustam Saadvakass. Her dad posted a YouTube video of the pint-sized boxing star earlier this week, two years after her first video went viral.

Working with her dad is clearly paying off   her footwork is spot-on, and she has faster hands than some professionals. Her dad says many of his clients are jealous of her speed.

"Evnika is very confident in the stand up and her striking looks much harder than it used to be. She looks much more concentrated now and it s clear that boxing for her is not something to please her dad but something she really loves," he writes on YouTube.

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. Pentagon to launch cyberstrategy push in Silicon Valley Defense Secretary Ashton Carter will unveil a new military cyberstrategy Thursday in the heart of Silicon Valley, reaching out to Facebook Inc. and other companies to help boost the nation's digital defenses.

The two-day visit underscores a long-delayed shift in Pentagon priorities to recognizing cyberattacks on government agencies, major companies and crucial infrastructure as a major threat to U.S. national security.

Carter's visit to Silicon Valley is the first by a Pentagon chief since the mid-1990s when the Internet was in its infancy, Wi-Fi and smartphones didn't exist and America's digital dominance was unquestioned.

In a speech at Stanford University, Carter will announce an effort to recruit computer engineers, programmers and others to help the Pentagon build "the force of the future."

"Some of the reservists we will recruit to this unit have already funded and sold multiple companies," said a senior defense official who briefed reporters but was not authorized to speak publicly.

Carter plans to visit Facebook's sprawling campus in Menlo Park, Calif., to make his pitch. He also will meet with other tech industry leaders, engineers and venture capital groups that find and fund the valley's start-ups.

A decade and a half after the CIA began backing private companies that develop surveillance systems, encryption tools and other spying technology, Carter will announce a similar effort to identify technologies with military applications.

The Pentagon will provide seed money to In-Q-Tel, a not-for-profit firm launched in 1999 to invest in high-tech companies for U.S. intelligence agencies. Pentagon officials said they have not yet determined how much to invest.

The government's attempt to bridge the gap between Silicon Valley and D.C. is huge. But there are a lot of challenges. There is still a lot of anger there.   Peter W. Singer, a fellow at the nonprofit New America Foundation in Washington and co-author of "Cybersecurity and Cyberwar."

"Through this arrangement, we will make investments in early-stage technologies, such as nano-electrics, software and automation," the official said.

Carter, a physicist and former visiting scholar at Stanford, warned of gaps in U.S. cyberdefenses long before he took over the Pentagon in February. He also repeatedly lambasted the Pentagon procurement system for taking too long to get useful technology to the military.

"He wants to think outside the Pentagon," said another defense official, who also was not authorized to speak on the record. "So we're not stuck inside this five-sided box."

Carter has another equally challenging mission: He hopes to repair relations with Silicon Valley that fractured in the Edward Snowden scandal.

Snowden, a former National Security Agency contractor, leaked documents that showed the NSA   an intelligence agency that is part of the Pentagon   secretly tapped data feeds at Facebook, Google Inc., Yahoo Inc. and other companies.

The disclosures embarrassed the tech companies at home and abroad. Some have responded by deploying new encryption technology designed to tighten customers' online security.

The Obama administration, meanwhile, has stepped up efforts to bring private industry and the government together to combat cyberattacks such as those that wreaked havoc at Sony Pictures, Bank of America Corp., Target Corp. and other U.S. companies.

The White House announced a fusion center to quickly share threat information, and the Department of Homeland Security announced plans this week to open a satellite office in Silicon Valley.

"The government's attempt to bridge the gap between Silicon Valley and D.C. is huge," said Peter W. Singer, a fellow at the nonprofit New America Foundation in Washington and co-author of "Cybersecurity and Cyberwar." "But there are a lot of challenges. There is still a lot of anger there."

william.hennigan@latimes.com 
2015-03-27
Google Inc (GOOGL) & Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Losing   Facebook Inc (FB) & Twitter ... Digital advertisement business is growing so big that every big name in the tech sector is trying to grab a big chunk of those advertisement revenues. Few years back, tech companies like Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) made a lot of digital advertisement revenues through its search engine platform. But the recent push for advertisement revenues from social media platforms like Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) means that Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) had to sacrifice some of their ad dollars.  TheStreet  article shared the latest estimates from  eMarketers , the digital analytics firm.

According to  TheStreet  article, the  eMarketers  estimate that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) will have approximately 25% of digital ad market in 2015 and they will have 26.9% market share by 2017. They also estimate that the Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s market share will be around 13% in 2015 and will drop to around 11.1% by 2017. Does this mean 1.9% market share lost by Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will be grabbed by Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB)?

Similar story exists with Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) as well, where the firm estimated the search engines ad market share to be around 4.6% for 2015 and they expect Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s market share to go down to 3.5% by 2017. On the other hand, the firm estimates Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) s ad market share to go up from 5% in 2015 to 6.8% by 2017.

 Many brand marketers are moving direct response ad dollars from search to display, and social networks are the main beneficiary of this trend. Because consumers share personal information and interests openly on social networks, brands are shifting budgets to reach them there, especially as sites like Facebook and Twitter become more sophisticated in collecting consumer data for more effective ad targeting,   TheStreet  article quoted  eMarketer  Senior Forecasting analyst, Martin Utreras s comments.

 eMarketer  also estimated that for the first time the mobile based ad revenues will surpass the desktop based ad revenues, which clearly shows the reason behind more market share for social media platforms.

Disclosure: None

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Cisco, EMC, GameStop, Novavax, Tesla ... Stocks were looking for direction on Friday morning after a choppy week. The one thing we have seen for about three years now is that investors have lined up in droves and bought their favorite stocks on each and every dip. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day to find new trading or investment ideas for its readers. Some of these analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others cover stocks to sell or avoid.

These are this Friday s top analyst upgrades and downgrades.

Alkermes PLC (NASDAQ: ALKS) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup.

American Eagle Outfitters Inc. (NYSE: AEO) was downgraded to Sell from Neutral with a $12 downside price target (versus a $16.92 close) at Goldman Sachs.

ArcelorMittal (NYSE: MT) was downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Citigroup.

BB&T Corp. (NYSE: BBT) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform at FBR Capital Markets.

Charles Schwab Corp. (NYSE: SCHW) was started as Outperform with a $38 price target (versus a $29.78 close) at RBC Capital Markets.

Cisco Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) was started as Neutral at Guggenheim.

ALSO READ: 7 Companies That Need to Split Their Stocks

EMC Corp. (NYSE: EMC) was downgraded to Sector Perform from Outperform with a $30 price target (versus a $25.81 close) at Pacific Crest.

E*Trade Financial Corp. (NASDAQ: ETFC) was started as Outperform with a $35 price target (versus a $27.45 close) at RBC Capital Markets.

FireEye Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE) was started as Market Perform at Raymond James.

GameStop Corp. (NYSE: GME) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at B. Riley. Sterne Agee maintained its Buy rating but lowered its price target to $45 from $48.

Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ: JAZZ) was started as Buy at Citigroup.

Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings (NYSE: LH) was started as Outperform with a $165 price target (versus a $125.80 close) at JMP Securities.

Lululemon Athletica Inc. (NASDAQ: LULU) was reiterated as Hold with a $55 price target at Canaccord Genuity. The firms says that it is stable but not yet accelerating on comparable sales.

Novavax Inc. (NASDAQ: NVAX) was started as Buy at Citigroup. Guess who was one of the two book-runners for its $175 million stock sale just this week? Novavax was down 5% on Thursday to close at $7.58, but it was a $9.50 stock just on Wednesday.

SanDisk Corp. (NASDAQ: SNDK) was downgraded to Hold from Buy and the price target was cut to $68 from $90 (versus a $66.20 close) at Evercore ISI. SanDisk was slaughtered on Thursday after yet another warning.

SunCoke Energy Partners L.P. (NYSE: SXCP) was raised to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.

TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (NYSE: AMTD) was started as Sector Perform at RBC Capital Markets.

Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ: TSLA) was started with a Hold rating at Argus. The firm said that Tesla has strong prospects, but its high valuation warrants caution.

World Acceptance Corp. (NASDAQ: WRLD) was downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Macquarie.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is set to spend another 2 billion for stock buybacks, and one firm said it was a cheap way to buy Alibaba. It was started as Overweight at Morgan Stanley.

ALSO READ: 6 Big Dividend Hikes Coming Soon

In case you missed Thursday s top analyst upgrades and downgrades, they were in Apple, ASML, Charles Schwab, GPro, Kraft Foods, Netflix, Red Hat and about a dozen more companies. Yahoo's recovery is so weak it will be overtaken by Twitter on digital display ... Yahoo's digital advertising recovery is definitely happening. But it's not happening fast enough.

The latest forecast from research group eMarketer predicts that Twitter will overtake Yahoo in terms of total digital display ad revenue (which includes ads that appear on desktop and laptop computers plus mobile phones and tablets) in the US for the first time in 2015.

And that's despite eMarketer forecasting that Yahoo will report a lift in US display ad growth this year for the first time since it started tracking the company's ad revenues in 2009.

Let's be clear: eMarketer's figures in this instance are only looking at a proportion of Yahoo's (and other companies') revenues within one region. Yahoo's global full-year revenue (excluding traffic acquisition costs)   which includes all its different business divisions beyond display, such as search   fell 1.3% year on year to $4.6 billion. However, the display ad portion of that is an important indicator as display is the largest sector of digital advertising, the US is the largest digital ad market, and Yahoo used to be the leader in US display until 2011 when both Google and Facebook overtook it.

In 2015, eMarketer predicts Yahoo will report $1.24 billion in digital display ad revenue in the US. Twitter will report $1.34 billion, moving it into the coveted number three position.

Yahoo's growth just isn't as rapid as Twitter's ascent, and eMarketer predicts the former company's market share will drop to 4.6% in 2015, down from 5.5% in 2014, and 7.2% in 2013. Twitter, meanwhile, will shift to 5% in 2015, then up to 5.9% in 2016.

When it comes to digital advertising, scale is the name of the game. And Yahoo will be all too aware what signal losing its number three position will give out to the market.

What makes Yahoo's lackluster growth in digital display even more remarkable is that its mobile strategy actually appears to be paying off. EMarketer's mobile forecast, published back in December, predicts that Yahoo is set to be biggest gainer of US mobile advertising share (which includes display ads, search ads, and messaging-based ads) between 2014 and 2016. This year eMarketer predicts Yahoo's US mobile advertising share will climb to 3.74%, narrowly overtaking the current number three player Twitter, which will have a 3.69% share.

Why is Yahoo performing so well on mobile, yet struggling in display?

The vast majority of its mobile ad revenues come from search ads (of which Twitter has none).

Whereas, in the display category, Yahoo struggles across the board   on desktop, mobile, and tablet. Its mobile search business might be performing well, but mobile ads are cheaper, so desktop display in particular is dragging down revenue growth overall.

Elsewhere, brands are starting to put an increasing amount of their search dollars into social media, which is hurting Yahoo in the long-term. It may have Tumblr, but its revenues (projected to be around $100 million this year) pale in comparison to the $12.5 billion Facebook posted, or the $1.4 billion Twitter reported in 2014.

Yahoo has made huge investments in mobile over the past few months, such as acquiring the Flurry mobile app network last year and investing in its Gemini native advertising platform, which was built in-house. And those investments do seem to be paying off: Yahoo is in growth, and that growth looks to continue into 2017, according to eMarketer. Microsoft, CVS, JPMorgan Sued Over Geolocation Patents Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. What Is Periscope, and Why Am I Watching Someone Eat Lunch? The revolution will be   live-streamed.

Twitter s new Periscope app is now available for iOS (an Android version is in the works). Like the similarly buzzy app Meerkat, it lets you live-stream video of your life from your smartphone to anyone in the world.

The app is just a day old, but people are already streaming everything from lunches to commutes to breaking news. In the long run, it could be a hit or it could be a fad; either way, it s sure got people s attention, and you should know about it.

Here s our in-depth explainer of all things Periscope.

What the heck is a Periscope?

A periscope is a mirror-filled tube used by submarines, but that s not what we re talking about.

Periscope, the app, is a new service from the people at Twitter that lets you watch and broadcast live video from around the world. Actually, Twitter purchased the app from a small team for a reported $100 million; the app was created a little over a year ago but has been in a private beta mode until Thursday, when it was released to anyone with an iOS device for free.

The video is streamed from your smartphone and gives people a live look at what s happening anywhere at any given time. The video can be viewed either on a mobile device, through the app, or on a laptop or computer, via the Periscope website.

Why do I want this?

Think about it. You can watch video of anything happening at this exact moment anywhere in the world. Want to see someone ride a roller coaster in Japan? You can see it. Interested to see what it s like to walk around New York City? Check it out. (As long as those things are occurring at the time, anyway.)

Perhaps more important, though, Periscope will allow people to stream major news stories as they happen in real time. As I was writing this article, a building caught fire in New York City s East Village. Sure enough, many citizen reporters were using Periscope to stream the scene and provide live video to give context to written news reports.

But what if I don t have anything interesting to stream?

That s part of the charm of an app like Periscope. Sometimes you re going to be able to watch something amazing or historic; other times you re going to watch someone eat ramen. It s a crapshoot. And as more people join, the stuff to watch will certainly get better.

Read More Jury Rules Against Ellen Pao in Silicon Valley Gender Discrimination Trial SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A California jury on Friday cleared venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers of gender discrimination claims brought against it by a woman former partner in a trial that transfixed Silicon Valley.

After further deliberation, the jury also cleared Kleiner on a claim that the firm had retaliated against former partner Ellen Pao by terminating her employment after she sued in 2012.

The verdict dashed Pao s hopes for personal vindication, but the trial s embarrassing disclosures about how Pao and other women were treated at Kleiner have cast a long shadow over Silicon Valley corporate culture and its lack of diversity.

The California Superior Court case laid bare the personnel matters of the firm that backed Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc, with Pao s attorneys painting Kleiner as a quarrelsome pressure cooker where a former male partner used business trips as opportunities to make advances to female colleagues.

Pao, now interim chief executive at social-news service Reddit, claimed her standing at Kleiner crumbled after she ended a brief affair with partner Ajit Nazre. Her career deteriorated after he and Kleiner started retaliating against her, amid a climate that was overall unfriendly toward women, her lawyers argued.

The firm disputed those charges, presenting evidence that Kleiner went out of its way to hire women.

Pao sought to illustrate her point with testimony from former Kleiner partner, Trae Vassallo, who said Nazre appeared at her hotel room on a business trip. He wore a bathrobe and carried a glass of wine, according to testimony.

Kleiner countered that it investigated Nazre after Vassallo complained, after which he quickly left the firm.

Some witnesses, including Pao s onetime mentor John Doerr, have testified that Pao s lack of advancement stemmed from subpar performance, not discrimination or retaliation.

But Pao s attorneys argued she laid the groundwork for the firm s highly successful investment in RPX, the patent company, and suggesting an investment in Twitter, an idea more senior partners rejected at the time.

Pao herself testified for five days and faced tough questions both from Kleiner s legal team and from jurors. One juror asked if it was  professional to enter into an affair with a married partner? 

"Going back I would not have done it again, but I didn t think it was inappropriate at the time," Pao said, emphasizing that Nazre had told her he was separated.

The case is Pao v. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers LLC, CGC-12-520719, in California Superior Court, in the County of San Francisco.

(Additional reporting by Noel Randewich and Jim ChristieEditing by Peter Henderson and Grant McCool)

Want the hottest tech news and reviews? Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter!

 
2015-04-21
After-Hours News: Yahoo Inc (YHOO), Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG), Yum ... After the closing bell Tuesday, shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. dropped more than 5 percent as the fast-casual restaurant chain took a hit last quarter for raising menu prices to offset higher beef and dairy costs. Meanwhile, Internet giant Yahoo! Inc. missed earnings and revenue forecasts as its display advertising business dropped 7 percent from a year ago. Separately, Yum! Brands Inc., which operates fast food chains Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and Kentucky Fried Chicken, beat earnings per share forecasts, but saw its revenue dip after sales in China fell 12 percent.

Here's a more in depth look at companies reporting after the bell Tuesday:

Chipotle s Sales Disappoint

Photo: Reuters/Lucy Nicholson

Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (NYSE:CMG) saw its comparable restaurant sales trail Wall Street forecasts last quarter, sending shares down 5.3 percent to $655.32, despite beating Wall Street's earnings estimates.

Chipotle turned in first-quarter net income of $122.64 million, or earnings per share of $3.88, on revenue of $1.09 billion, compared with a profit of $83.07 million, or earnings per share of $2.64, on revenue of $904.16 million a year ago. Analysts had expected Chipotle to report earnings of $3.66 a share on $1.11 billion in revenue, according to analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.

However, comparable restaurant sales, a key metric that compares the sales of stores that have been open for at least 13 months, rose 10.4 percent during the quarter. Sales were previously estimated to rise 11.8 percent, a Consensus Metrix estimate showed. Meanwhile, food costs were 34 percent of revenue last quarter as the increases in menu prices were offset partially by increased beef and tortilla costs.

Shares of Chipotle have added 2 percent this year and have gained more than 37 percent in the last 12 months.

Yahoo Earnings, Revenue Miss

Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) initially fell more than 2 percent in extended-hours trading Tuesday after the company missed quarterly earnings and revenue forecasts. However, shares recovered and edged up 1.7 percent to $45.24.

The Sunnyvale, California, company posted first-quarter net income of $21 million, or earnings per share of 2 cents, on revenue of $1.043 billion, compared with a profit of $311.58 million, or earnings per share of 29 cents, on revenue of $1.09 billion during the same period a year ago. Wall Street had expected Yahoo to report first-quarter net income of $102.24 million, or earnings per share of 10 cents, on revenue of $1.06 billion, Reuters' data showed.

The company's display advertising revenue was $464 million in the first quarter, a 2 percent increase compared to a year earlier. However, display revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, was $381 million last quarter, a 7 percent drop compared to the first quarter of 2014.

Shares of Yahoo have lost more than 11.3 percent this year, but have rallied just over 29 percent in the last 12 months.

Yum Beats Earnings Estimates

Shares of Yum! Brands Inc. (NYSE:YUM) saw its shares rally more than 4 percent Tuesday to $84.10 after the company topped earnings forecasts. The company s revenue missed estimates, but sales in its China division fell 12 percent last quarter, lower than what Wall Street had previously anticipated.

Meanwhile, same-store sales at the company's Kentucky Fried Chicken and Taco Bell divisions grew 5 percent and 6 percent, respectively.

The Louisville, Kentucky, company posted first-quarter net income of $362 million, or earnings per share of 81 cents, on revenue of $2.72 billion, compared with a profit of $399 million, or earnings per share of 87 cents, on revenue of $2.62 billion a year earlier.

Shares of Yum Brands have gained more than 11 percent this year and have climbed more than 4 percent in the last 12 months. What Is Yahoo's Core Business Doing Wrong? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

31:47 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) How Can Yahoo Deliver Value to Shareholders? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

32:01 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo! Inc gives Q2 2015 guidance in line with analysts' estimates - Conference Call  
2015-01-13
Etsy Crafts IPO Putting New York Tech Back on the Map Etsy Inc. is about to show Silicon Valley that Brooklyn s hipsters can also do initial public offerings.

The website where people sell handmade crafts and vintage goods may be the biggest technology IPO to come out of New York since 1999. Etsy, which offers items such as a $529 turquoise 1957 Royal Quiet De Luxe typewriter, is working on an IPO that could take place as soon as this quarter, people familiar with the matter said. The company is looking to raise $300 million, one person said.

The deal could mark a turning point for New York s tech-startup scene, where dozens of IPOs -- from ad-tech company AppNexus Inc. to shopping site Gilt Groupe Inc. -- are anticipated and have yet to materialize. The last time a technology company from New York raised more than $300 million, the dot-com bubble was fueling IPOs from online broker TD Waterhouse Group Inc. and Barnesandnoble.com Inc., the Web spinoff of the bookstore chain.

Etsy, based in Brooklyn, New York s Dumbo neighborhood, is working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley on the IPO, said the people familiar with the situation, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.

While Silicon Valley startups often pride themselves on high-tech, the idea for Etsy came from a computer made of wood. Rob Kalin, a painter, carpenter and photographer, founded Etsy in 2005 after failing to find a place to sell his hand-built computers. The company now has about 26 million items listed on its site -- including a stuffed toy robot and a crown made of roses.

Selling Commission

Etsy charges 20 cents for sellers to list products, and takes a 3.5 percent commission from each item sold. The company also generates revenue from advertising and payment processing and posted $1.35 billion in gross merchandise sales in 2013, according to its website. Etsy is likely to release a prospectus for the IPO this month with more financial details, according to the people familiar with the situation.

The company is one of several closely held e-commerce startups -- including Fab.com and Gilt -- that have been valued at more than $1 billion. Some have run into hurdles, with Fab.com recently winnowing down operations and Gilt still private after having worked on an IPO last year. E-commerce is traditionally a tough field for startups to gain scale in because of the dominance of Amazon.com Inc. across product categories.

Representatives for Etsy, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley declined to comment.

Niche Marketplace

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

E-commerce in the U.S. is expected to reach $493.9 billion in 2018 from $305.7 billion in 2014, according to research firm EMarketer. Amazon is the biggest Web retailer by revenue, with an online department-store approach offering a broad range of products. Etsy is competing in the craft niche, where sites distinguish themselves with unique offerings and give artists a marketplace to showcase their work.

The IPO could be the first among e-commerce companies in 2015 after the industry raised $29 billion last year -- including fundraising by Chinese giants Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and JD.com Inc., which raised $25 billion and $2 billion, respectively.

U.S. retailers Wayfair Inc., which sells home goods online, and food-delivery website GrubHub Inc. each tapped public markets in 2014 and have climbed an average of 46 percent since their debuts.

Etsy is led by Chad Dickerson, a former Yahoo! Inc. executive. It has offices in cities around the globe, including Berlin, Toronto and Melbourne. The company s investors include venture capital firms Union Square Ventures and Accel Partners. Kill Time Trying Not to Get Killed in This 'Choose Your Own Adventure' Game on ... MS-DOS computer games are being resurrected, you re wearing a mustache, and now, to fully bring the 1980s back, Choose Your Own Adventure has come to Twitter.

Spotted by Quartz, the throwback-style online journey was created and posted to Twitter by developer Terence Eden (@edent), a man who clearly has more time on his hands than we do. Clicking the first link in his announcement tweet will bring you to a Twitter account that represents step one of the game, called  A dreadful start.  The opening tweet reads,  They re here. Oh god! They ve found you!  and immediately you re asked to click a link to either  Run  or  Hide. 

Thus begins your sequence of jumping from Twitter account to Twitter account until you either get killed or find the end of the story/game. (You know the drill.)

In a blog post describing the game s development, Eden gives credit to earlier examples of Choose Your Own Adventure stories on Twitter, though he points out that his version, which uses different Twitter accounts for each step rather than a series of tweets all on one page, prevents players from scrolling through a timeline to cheat.

Don t forget that Tom Hanks from Big invented the Choose Your Own Adventure digital book concept a long time ago. (thepenguinpress.tumblr.com)

Since we at Yahoo Tech are busy running a website, there wasn t a great effort on our part to try to get through Eden s story. (We kept dying!) But we would, of course, encourage those of you with some downtime   trust fund kids, overnight security guards, or people waiting for paint to dry   to dig in. It sure seems like fun!

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean. Verizon Vehicle Service Teaches Your Old Car New Tricks Verizon Wireless wants to give your old jalopy a new set of brains with its new Verizon Vehicle service.

The services uses a special adapter with its own data connection that plugs into your car s onboard diagnostic (OBD) port. All cars made in 1996 and later have OBD ports. They re usually located under the dashboard.

By connecting to your car s OBD port, the Verizon Vehicle adapter is able to monitor your car s self-diagnostic system, which means the tiny gadget can do things like monitor your vehicle for any abnormalities and even tell you why your  Check Engine  light is on.

Verizon Vehicle adapter More

In other words, the Verizon Vehicle adapter does exactly what your mechanic charges you $75 for anytime you take your car to the shop.

Because Verizon Vehicle has its own Internet connection, it can automatically alert you via text, email, push notifications, or pretty much any other means of getting in touch with you just short of smoke signals, to let you know that your car has an issue.

It can also let you know your vehicle s overall gas mileage; provide you with maintenance reminders; and monitor your battery, coolant, and alternator levels.

Verizon Vehicle adapter More

And if you re away from your car, a free app will let you check in on your baby from anywhere in the world.

Beyond giving your mechanic a run for his money, Verizon Vehicle can also determine if you ve been in an accident and automatically send an alert to emergency services.

There s also an included two-way Bluetooth voice communicator that lets you call for assistance if you happen to break down on the side of the road.

Read More Cannabis Science Inc (CBIS)'s COO Dumps 1.6M Shares and Other Marijuana Stock ... The first two weeks or so of 2015 has already produced some marijuana industry news or news from small cap marijuana stocks like Cannabis Science Inc (OTCMKTS: CBIS), GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ: GWPH) and American Green Inc (OTCMKTS: ERBB). Here is what you need to know before you invest, or rather speculate on small cap marijuana stocks:

Cannabis Science COO Dumps 1,600,000 Shares. So far this year, Cannabis Science Inc s COO Chad Steven Johnson has sold 1,600,000 shares at an average price of $0.07 for a total value of $112,000 according to an SEC filing. Following the sale, the COO now owns 17,263,500 shares valued at approximately $1.157 million. Yahoo! Finance data also shows the following share sales late last year:

Insider Transactions Reported - Last Two Years

Cannabis Science Inc is up 21.6% since the start of the year, down 42.4% over the past year and down 77.7% over the past five years.

GW Pharmaceuticals PLC Stumbles and Then Rises Again. Last Thursday, UK based GW Pharmaceuticals PLC plunged as much as 21% in after hours NASDAQ trading on negative news before making a full recovery on more positive news. First, GW Pharmaceuticals PLC reported that top-line results from the first of three Phase 3 trials for the investigational product Sativex in the treatment of pain in patients with advanced cancer who experience  inadequate analgesia during optimized chronic opioid therapy  (Note: Sativex, which is given as an under-the-tongue spray, is approved for treating spasticity caused by multiple sclerosis in 27 countries but not yet in the United States). In this first trial, Sativex did not meet the primary endpoint of demonstrating a statistically significant difference from placebo but the CEO stated:

"Although we missed the primary endpoint in this trial, based upon the positive data seen in the Phase 2 program, we remain confident in the ability for Sativex to relieve cancer pain in this patient population. We have two additional pivotal Phase 3 trials ongoing which, if positive, would still allow us to submit a New Drug Application with the US FDA. We look forward to results from these two further studies later this year."

However, investors apparently liked the update GW Pharmaceuticals PLC gave about its development program for Epidiolex in the field of severe, drug-resistant childhood epilepsy as the CEO was quoted as saying:

"During 2014, GW's prospects transformed as a result of the rapid advance of our Epidiolex program to treat orphan syndromes in the field of childhood epilepsy. I am pleased to confirm that all aspects of this program are advancing on time and we now expect to complete pivotal Phase 3 trials by the end of 2015. In addition to the formal development programs already underway in both Dravet and Lennox-Gastaut syndromes, data from the expanded access program continues to point to the potential for Epidiolex to treat additional forms of epilepsy and we expect to commence clinical development programs in further potential target indications during 2015."

GW Pharmaceuticals PLC is up 16.3% already in the new year, up 60.9% over the past year and up 770.91% since May 2013.

Marijuana Stocks to Watch Infographic. Healthcare Global has an infographic from TimothySykes.com listing the following three marijuana stocks as being interesting to watch: GW Pharmaceuticals PLC, American Green Inc (formerly The Tranzbyte Corporation) and Cannabis Science.

Silicon Valley Heavyweights Are Investing in Marijuana. The Founders Fund, the $2 billion San Francisco venture capital firm run by Silicon Valley heavyweights like Peter Thiel, the co-founder and former CEO of Paypal, is investing in Privateer Holdings, a marijuana company that owns several pot-related brands, including Tilray (a premium medical cannabis company), Leafly (the world's largest online cannabis information resource) and Marley Natural (which will cultivate  fine cannabis, blend topicals and craft accessories that celebrate life and awaken well-being ). Founded in 2010, Privateer Holdings previously landed $22 million in funding. And while the current funding size was not disclosed, Privateer Holdings was making a $75 million fundraising effort.

Tax Windfall Hallucinations. Forbes Contributor Robert Wood has written an interesting article about marijuana taxes and he noted that the proposed Marijuana Tax Equity Act would end the federal prohibition on marijuana and allow it to be taxed. However, the bill would impose an excise tax of 50% on cannabis sales, plus an annual occupational tax on workers in the field of legal marijuana. In Colorado, there is a 2.9% sales tax, a 10% marijuana sales tax and a 15% excise tax on the average market rate of retail marijuana which adds up to 27.9% for recreational users. But tax collections have been lower than anticipated as an estimated 40% of purchases in Colorado are not through legal channels. Moreover, the author noted a growing relationship between the 2.9% tax and the 27.9% recreational variety with the spread suggesting that some patients could be reselling their 2.9% medical stock. 
2015-08-28
How to Mute People on Twitter Without Unfollowing Them How to Mute People on Twitter Without Unfollowing Them

You follow a lot of people on Twitter. Some of them, like your weird Uncle Ted, you follow because you re kind of obligated to.

But that doesn t mean you have to clutter your timeline with Uncle Ted s theories about how red meat contains secret government-sanctioned mind-control chemicals designed to keep you from questioning  the Man. 

So to mute people in your Twitter feed without unfollowing them, you first pull up on your phone the profile of the person you want to mute.

Next, find the Mute button. On an iPhone, you tap the gear icon next to the Following button to find it; on the Android Twitter app, the Mute is behind the button in the top right corner of the screen that looks like an all-white traffic light.

Android Twitter app, left, and iPhone Twitter app.

In either case, select Mute from the drop-down menu that appears.



If you re using the iPhone Twitter app, you ll have to confirm that you want to mute the person; Android users don t have to.

And that s it. You can now live guilt-free, knowing that Uncle Ted thinks you re still following him without having to see what he thinks about vaccines and chemtrails.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Stock Has Lots of Growth Potential As Apple sets the date for its next iPhone launch event on September 09 like last year, Apple s stock has been in the doldrums for a while. But that could be just a summer slumber before the action picks up again as traders return from their vacations.

In recent years, Apple stock has tended to end the year higher than where it was at the beginning of the year   including in 2012 when the stock touch a high in September before dipping as much as 30% by the end of the year. This year, Apple stock began around $110 and that s where it is right now after the wild ride of this week.

Apple stock analysts such as FBR Capital s Daniel Ives believe that the Apple stock is due for some gains and has a price target of $175. The China downturn fears may be exaggerated as Mr. Tim Cook s email to Jim Cramer of CNBC confirmed in a move that spooked some as possibly violating SEC guidelines regarding public sharing of material information that may impact the price of the stock.

Now that the roiled markets are calmer, the next few months and the next few quarters should see a steady rise in Apple stock price   even if not by as much as Mr. Carl Icahn desires them to.

Apple s growth momentum will derive from a large reserve of iPhone users who have not upgraded to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus so far and will go for the iPhones that will be announced on September 09. Similarly, despite the slowdown in China, more Android users there may opt to try out their first iPhones. The Chinese market consisting of a young and rising middle class is far from saturated.

Merrill Lynch Apple analysts have a neutral rating on Apple stock with a target price of $130.

Even if Apple continues performing at the same level of iPhones shipped and profits booked, the company will keep adding to its cash reserves of nearly $200 billion as it soaks up most of the profits made by the smartphone industry.

With Apple iPhones priced at $650 and $750, Apple enjoys a ridiculous profit margin and a low P/E ratio of 13. Apple s market capitalization may be down from the record $750 billion levels at $650 billion, but that only presents a buying opportunity in a company with a turnover greater than $200 billion.

Apple s major competitors in the technology field, Google and Microsoft, both have stocks trading at P/E of 30. Apple stock has declined by more than 12% in the past six months and that shows what great value the Apple stock presents at the moment. For individual and institutional investors with a long-term outlook, this is a great time to buy into the Apple growth story. 
2015-06-10
Here's How Apple Music Compares With Spotify, Pandora, and Tidal Are you ready to rock?! Well, you d better be, because Apple is launching its own music streaming service, called Apple Music, and the advertisements for it are coming. And though Apple and Apple lieutenant Drake would have you believe that the service is going to blow the doors off of the entire music industry, the truth is that there are already a slew of excellent streaming services out there.

How does Apple Music stack up? We ve put together this handy explainer to compare Apple s music offering with Spotify, Pandora, and Jay Z s Tidal.

Let s crank it up and rip the knob off!

Read more: Hands On With Apple Music: Slick but Nothing Special

So, what is Apple Music?



Right to the point, I like it. Apple Music is the tech giant s take on streaming music. When it launches on June 30, you ll be able to stream millions of songs to your smartphone, tablet, laptop, and (eventually) Android device, without owning or downloading them.

In addition to streaming, Apple Music offers Beats 1 radio, a global radio station that plays tracks from DJs in New York, Los Angeles, and London. It also includes Apple Music radio stations and Connect, which is basically a social media-like service that artists can use to share photos, videos, and songs with fans.

How much does it cost?

Apple Music will cost you $10 per month after a three-month free trial period. There s also a six-person plan, which lets you and your family members each have your own favorite artists and playlists, that costs $15 per month.

How does that compare with other services?

Like Apple Music, Spotify costs $10 per month; ditto Tidal.

Spotify lets you pay an extra $5 per month for each additional family member you add to your account, making sure that everyone has his or her own playlists and such. Tidal also offers a $20-per-month plan that promises higher quality audio.

The least expensive of the bunch is Pandora, which costs $5 per month. Unlike its competitors, though, Pandora doesn t offer on-demand streaming. Instead, it acts more like a personalized radio service, playing tracks similar to the ones you designate.

Can I get anything for free?

You bet. There s a free version of Apple Music, but it lets you listen only to music from Beats 1 radio and Apple Music radio. On top of that, you can skip only a limited number of songs with Apple Music radio.

Spotify has a free version, too, but it acts more like a radio station than a streaming service that lets you choose the specific songs you want to listen to. You re limited to the number of songs you can skip and have to listen to ads, which is awful.

Pandora also offers free listening, and like Spotify and Apple Music radio, it limits how many songs you can skip. As with Spotify, you have to deal with annoying ads.

Tidal offers a free three-month trial, but after that you have to pay up. Jay Z isn t running a charity.

How many songs does each service have?

Apple hasn t given an exact figure as to how many songs Apple Music will eventually have beyond saying that you ll be able to listen to tens of millions of songs when the service launches.

Spotify and Tidal each have 30 million songs, while Pandora has only about 1 million songs.

However, some big-name artists, such as Taylor Swift, have chosen to keep their songs off of Spotify and instead put them on Tidal. If there s a big-name artist you really want to listen to, do a little research and make sure that he/she/they appear on your service of choice.

Read More 
2015-12-07
Verizon Communications Inc says it would explore buying Yahoo Inc if a deal ... Verizon Communications Inc. would explore a possible acquisition of Yahoo! Inc. if a deal made sense, Verizon Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said.

Shammo, speaking at an investor conference in New York Monday, said that while it still wasn t clear what Yahoo s board has planned for the tech company, Verizon would take a look if it were to be offered up for sale. Yahoo directors met last week to discuss the viability of spinning off its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and whether to seek a buyer for Yahoo s Web businesses.

 If we see there is a strategic fit and it makes sense for our shareholders and we can return value, I mean we ll look at it, but at this point it s way too premature to talk about that one,  Shammo said at the UBS Global Media and Communications Conference.

Related

Verizon acquired AOL Inc. for US$4.4 billion earlier this year as part of a push into mobile video advertising. Yahoo owns online sports sites, financial and general news and advertising technology including BrightRoll, which Verizon might find attractive at the right price. Impediments to a sale of Yahoo are the fate of its stake in Alibaba, a Chinese e-commerce giant, and the tax implications of a sale of that unit.

 We look at everything across this spectrum,  Shammo said.

In a bid to find new growth businesses, Verizon this year started go90, a free mobile video service with content aimed at teens and millennials that uses AOL s ad-insertion technology.

 All I can say is we don t know what Yahoo s board will decide. It s too early to know,  Shammo said in an interview after his presentation.

Sarah Meron, a Yahoo spokeswoman, declined to comment.

Bloomberg News Scrutiny on Yahoo's Marissa Mayer grows more intense In the three and a half years since Yahoo named Marissa Mayer its CEO, it's hard to think of any corporate leader   inside or outside the tech industry   who has faced more scrutiny.

It's easy to see why. In an era of Silicon Valley unicorns, Yahoo's ongoing struggles represent something much less magical: the familiar yet fascinating tale of corporate survival amid industry disruption, the saga of a two-decade-old beleaguered Internet company trying to find its way in a mobile-driven, social media world. After years of a revolving door at the top   Mayer became the company's sixth CEO in five years when she got the job in 2012   many have watched closely to see if the Google executive, whose engineering chops and star power led to her hire being hailed as a "coup," could do what those before her could not.

To top it all off, she was young, female and   gasp   pregnant at the time. Everything from her decisions about telecommuting (she banned working from home for Yahoo employees) to the length of her own maternity leaves (she is currently pregnant again with twins and has said she plans to take little time away) came under the microscope for their broader meaning about gender at the top of the corporate suite.

Now, as a report in the Wall Street Journal says Yahoo's board will discuss a possible sale of its Internet business this week, an analyst speculates about potential CEO replacements and more media headlines question her future, Mayer's leadership of the struggling Internet company is getting even more scrutiny. An activist investor is pushing Mayer to abandon the spinoff of Yahoo's stake in Alibaba Group, the Chinese e-commerce giant and sell its Internet business instead. The company's shares rose nearly 6 percent on the report that the board is reportedly taking that up.

A Yahoo spokesperson, reached by email, said the company would not comment on the reports. In its most recent quarterly earnings call, Mayer said "we have the right talent, the right strategy, and the right assets to drive long-term sustainable growth for our investors."

When examining Mayer's leadership, questions tend to fall into two camps: Could anyone else have really done any better? Or how much have Mayer's decisions added to Yahoo's troubles?

There's little question that the challenges Mayer has faced would have been enormous for anyone. She's brought some stability to a company that had churned through its CEOs for years. And while she's tried to right things in the core business   buying up talent and start-ups, pushing into mobile   she's also had to deal with what to do about Yahoo's giant stake in Alibaba Group, adding to the turnaround's complexity.

"It was an incredibly tough hand to be dealt," said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, the senior associate dean for leadership programs at the Yale School of Management.

Others say the intense scrutiny and fever-pitch expectations put on Mayer as a savior for Yahoo have both helped and hurt her   assigning both too much credit and placing too much blame. "That's kind of how the CEO culture really works in America," said Sydney Finkelstein, a professor at Dartmouth College's Tuck School of Business who has created an annual list of the best and worst CEOs. "If Mark Zuckerberg showed up (at Yahoo) and said I'm going to spend three years trying to figure it out, I'm not sure he would. If (former Google CEO Eric) Schmidt did, I'm not so sure, either. You ride a wave, you're doing great, but the world changes."

Yet critics have also faulted Mayer for Yahoo's current state. Some question strategic moves: Big bets like the $1.1 billion acquisition of the blogging service Tumblr haven't proven their worth, and forays into original video content have led to a $42 million write-down. Others point to key hires who didn't pan out, such as former chief operating officer and fellow Google alum Henrique de Castro, who left with a huge severance package.

And while she's known for her seemingly superhuman work ethic   profile after profile mentions she only gets four to six hours of sleep   that propensity for hard work could also be the reason she's noted for her micromanagement.

Things don't look so rosy among employees, either. Employees have griped in the past about the performance review system Mayer installed that uses a bell curve to rank employees, a practice many other companies have abandoned. Meanwhile, the employee job ratings site Glassdoor says that Mayer's approval rating by employees has steadily fallen from 99 percent in 2012 to 73 percent in the fourth quarter of this year. (A company spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment on that report.)

The company has seen an exodus of talent in recent months, with analysts noting that more than a dozen senior executives have left this year alone. They include top deputies such as former marketing chief Kathy Savitt and chief of development Jackie Reses. "We believe the board must assess if the current management team has support of four factions: senior executives, employees, partners, and investors," wrote Robert Peck, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphreys, in a recent note titled "Memo to the Board." "If not, we think a seamless transition to new leadership could be in the best interest of the company and shareholders."

The likelihood of that happening, according to Re/Code's Kara Swisher, a long-time tech industry reporter and chronicler of Yahoo's troubles, is low: Mayer still has the backing of the board, she reports. If the company were to end up selling its core business, what may matter more is the price she gets. Sometimes, notes Dartmouth's Finkelstein, "the single best thing you can do in these situations is sell the company," he says. "Sell it to someone who thinks they're smarter than you, or who has the money and the ego." Softbank and Verizon May Consider a Yahoo Buyout Yahoo's Dilemma: Sell Off Parts of Itself or Spin-Off Alibaba? PART 6 OF 10

Softbank and Verizon May Consider a Yahoo Buyout

Softbank has a majority stake in Yahoo

Since the day Yahoo (YHOO) announced its intention to sell its core business, there has been widespread speculation among investors and analyst on who could be the potential buyer. SunTrust analyst Robert Peck said that there could be many firms considering Yahoo as a significant buyout, such as Softbank, Verizon (VZ), AT&T (T), Comcast (CMCSA), Walt Display, and News Corp.

Interested in CMCSA? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on CMCSA Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Softbank has acquired a group of telecommunication and digital businesses, and could consider Yahoo as a significant source to stimulate growth, especially as Yahoo seems to be struggling to turn around its internet business. Nikesh Arora is the president and COO of Softbank and joined it in 2014. Since then, he has been set to expand its Internet and media business, including investments in Asian and US companies.

Softbank is running its core business in Japan, and it comes under one of the three big wireless networks. Softbank offers a range of digital services by leveraging the mobile platform. On buying Yahoo, Softbank can expand its territory to accelerate growth outside Japan by leveraging Yahoo s platform provides for entertainment, e-commerce, and other services. Softbank has a majority stake of 43% in Yahoo Japan Corp., whereas Yahoo has a 35% stake in it, currently worth $8.5 billion.

AOL, Verizon, and Yahoo

If Verizon buys Yahoo, then that would strengthen Verizon s position in the advertising technology business. In June 2015, Verizon Acquired AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL had specialized in assisting websites in selling ads.

At the same time, Yahoo brings massive data on registered users with their email addresses. The combination of AOL, Verizon, and Yahoo could help marketers target an audience based on demographic, interest, behavior, and technology. That in turn would raise tough challenges to ad-tech giants such as Google and Facebook (FB).

Yahoo holds a 0.16% stake in the iShares US Technology ETF (IYW), a portfolio of 150 stocks. Link Your Social Media Accounts Find yourself manually posting the identical status updates and pictures to several social media networks daily? Here s a tip that should save you time.

Tumblr, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, and Google Plus all offer options in their account settings to send your posts on their networks right to your Facebook timeline. And vice versa, Facebook can link to some of those services as well.

For more programmable social media sharing, check out Web tool IFTTT.com, which can broadcast your posts across networks according to customizable if-this, then-that recipes. Like this one:

Solutions like these can deliver instant, free, and effortless social media syndication bliss. Try it out   your tired thumbs will thank you!

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Where Does Yahoo Stand in the Tech Sector? Yahoo's Dilemma: Sell Off Parts of Itself or Spin-Off Alibaba? PART 1 OF 10

Where Does Yahoo Stand in the Tech Sector?

Tech firms passed Yahoo

In 2000 and before the dot-com bubble burst, Yahoo was considered as the tech industry s giant, with a market cap of $100 billion. Its market value reached about $52 billion in 2004 but hasn t seen that level since. Yahoo was far ahead of other technology firms such as Amazon, Apple, and Google. The three were valued at $16 billion, $25 billion, and $49 billion, respectively, and raised their IPO in 2004. Since then, Google penetrated the advertising market and became a market leader, Apple (AAPL) led in hand-held devices, and Amazon (AMZN) streamed its revenue through e-commerce.

Interested in AAPL? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on AAPL Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

The exponential growth of other technology firms made Yahoo s (YHOO) stocks float at the bottom and caused the company to ponder selling its core business including search and adverting while leveraging the Alibaba (BABA) stake to make the deal more valuable. The rise in market cap for Yahoo came when Alibaba raised their IPO in 2014. Since then, Yahoo s stake in Alibaba rose to more than 30 billion.

Investors see Yahoo at a negative

Yahoo s current market value is $34 billion and includes 400 million shares invested in Chinese Web retailer Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. Yahoo has a 15% stake in Alibaba that s currently worth around $32 billion. Meanwhile, Yahoo s stake of 35% in Yahoo Japan is now worth $8.5 billion. That indicates investors are valuing Yahoo s core business as negative if the above two assets (Alibaba and Yahoo Japan) were to eliminate.

Yahoo s core business is losing ground, but it still is in a position to attract users with its portfolio of services on the Web. These services include Yahoo Mail and Yahoo News, making it the third most visited site in the United States. According to comScore, Yahoo had 210 million visitors in October 2015, so Yahoo is only behind Google and Facebook in the United States.

Yahoo holds a 0.16% stake in the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY), a portfolio of 507 stocks. How Do Analysts Value Yahoo's Core Business? Yahoo's Dilemma: Sell Off Parts of Itself or Spin-Off Alibaba? PART 4 OF 10

How Do Analysts Value Yahoo s Core Business?

Yahoo still shows positive signs

Yahoo (YHOO) is currently holding a 15% stake in Alibaba (BABA), worth around $32 billion, and a 35% stake in Yahoo Japan, worth of $8.5 billion. This massive stake has caused concern about the worth of Yahoo s core business. Citigroup analyst Mark May claims that Yahoo is still able to attract 200 million visitors from the United States to its web portal, so Yahoo is only behind Google (GOOG) and Facebook (FB). That makes Yahoo more valuable than what investors are expecting.

Interested in BABA? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on BABA Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Valuations and growth drivers

Mark May estimates that Yahoo s internet business, consisting of search and advertising, could value at five to six times its forward EBITDA . With this multiple, the enterprise value of Yahoo s internet business could fall between $3.4 billion and $4.1 billion, compared to what investors estimate is 2.5 times of EBITDA or an enterprise value of $1.7 billion.

Youssef Squali, the analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald, reported Yahoo s search business to be highly profitable when compared to other business units that drive the majority of the visitors. Search is followed by Yahoo Mail and Yahoo News. Cantor Valued Yahoo s core business at $3.9 billion, or $4.12 per share.

Yahoo holds a 0.62% stake in the PowerShares QQQ Trust (QQQ), a portfolio of 107 stocks. US Lawmakers Intensify Push to Unlock Encrypted Communications Lawmakers are intensifying their push to give U.S. law enforcement agencies access to encrypted communications after recent terror attacks but say they haven t been able to agree on legislation to balance privacy and security.

QuickTake Cybersecurity

"There is more that the government and industry must do," said Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, in an e-mailed statement Monday. "There is no consensus on what a legislative solution would look like, let alone whether it would be effective."

The Obama administration and technology industry officials have been grappling publicly for more than a year over whether there is a way for investigators to get access to data that is encrypted, or secured using a scrambled code that can only be unlocked with a special key. Companies such as Apple Inc., Google Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. incorporated stronger encryption in their products after revelations of U.S. spying were exposed by former U.S. contractor Edward Snowden in 2013.

Congressional Briefings

Top FBI officials and executives from technology companies will be summoned to Congress on Wednesday for briefings on the challenges that encrypted communications pose.

Intelligence agencies, law enforcement and technology companies have been discussing how to counter the use of social media and encrypted communications by terrorist groups, said Schiff.

Representative Michael McCaul, a Texas Republican and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, called for a commission to study and develop specific proposals regarding encrypted communications.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

"A legislative knee-jerk reaction could weaken Internet protections and privacy for everyday Americans, while doing nothing puts American lives at risk and makes it easier for terrorists and criminals to escape justice," McCaul said during a speech in Washington on Monday. "It is time for Congress to act because the White House has failed to bring all parties together -- transparently -- to find solutions."

Technology firms including Facebook Inc. and Twitter Inc. have a stake in not allowing their products to be used for terrorism, White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters on Monday.

"They didn t design their tools expressly so that terrorists could carry out acts of violence against innocent people," Earnest said.

Earnest said the administration hopes Silicon Valley would "play an active role" in denying terrorists "a safe haven" online. That includes conversations about both encryption and social media monitoring, Earnest said.

Law enforcement should be granted the "tools and access they need" to track terrorists, he added.

 Backdoor  Access

The administration isn t expected to reverse course and ask for legislation mandating corporations provide so-called "backdoor" access to encrypted communications.

Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey and other national security officials have been publicly warning for years that investigators are limited when suspects use technology to conceal their operations, such as using private online forums, apps that encrypt e-mails and hidden websites. It s a problem that law enforcement officials refer to as "going dark."

The House Judiciary Committee will receive a classified briefing Wednesday from the FBI, which will be followed by a private meeting with officials from technology companies, according to a committee aide.

The Senate Judiciary Committee will hear from Comey during a public hearing Wednesday.

"The terrorist attacks in San Bernardino and Paris have certainly raised the level of interest in the potential use of encryption technology by terrorists at home and abroad, and the balance between privacy and national security," Republican Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa, who chairs the committee, said in an e-mail Monday.

The attack last week in California killed 14 people, and 130 died in Paris last month.

Comey previously told the panel the administration was holding discussions with technology companies.

"I look forward to hearing an update from Director Comey and seeing if these discussions have yielded any tangible results," Grassley said. "Considering the events of the past several weeks, there s no question it will be a major topic of discussion for the committee members."

Schiff and Representative Devin Nunes of California, who is the top Republican on the House intelligence panel, asked the National Academy of Sciences in September to study if it s possible to develop a secure system that provides the government access to encrypted data. The academy is doing the study, Schiff said. 
2015-02-11
Three of Tech's Top CEOs to Skip Obama Cybersecurity Summit The top executives of Google Inc., Yahoo! Inc. and Facebook Inc. won t attend President Barack Obama s cybersecurity summit on Friday, at a time when relations between the White House and Silicon Valley have frayed over privacy issues.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Facebook Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, and Google s Larry Page and Eric Schmidt all were invited but won t attend the public conference at Stanford University, according to the companies. Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook is planning to be at the event, where Obama is scheduled to give the keynote speech and have a private lunch with a select group of attendees.

The technology industry had been a vital source of political support, campaign contributions and assistance in developing cutting-edge tech tactics for Obama when he won the presidency in 2008 and re-election in 2012. Relations have soured since, as the companies have clashed with the Obama administration over government spying and protecting the privacy rights of their users and customers.

Yahoo, Facebook, Google and Microsoft Corp. said they decided to send their top information security executives to the summit instead.

 We are pleased with their participation,  Eric Schultz, White House deputy press secretary, told reporters Thursday. In addition to executives being at the meeting, Schultz said  some of the commitments that are going to be announced in the next couple days are pretty significant. 

NSA Spying

The summit is part of a renewed push to combat hackers. Panels will focus on boosting collaboration between companies and agencies, improving cybersecurity to protect consumers and better securing payment processing systems.

 It s going to bring everybody together -- industry, tech companies, law enforcement, consumer and privacy advocates, law professors who are specialists in the field,  Obama said last month when he announced the summit.

The themes back up the administration s efforts to improve information sharing about hacking threats and establishing a national standard for companies to report data breaches.

However, Yahoo, Facebook and Google are still reeling from revelations about the extent of National Security Agency spying exposed by former U.S. contractor Edward Snowden in 2013. The companies are trying to assure their users or customers that their products are secure and that they don t willingly turn over data to the government.

Data Encryption

Apple and Google have started offering smartphones that encrypt data by default, essentially shielding photos, documents and contact lists from the prying eyes of government or hackers. Law enforcement agencies have been trying to convince the companies to make the data available for legitimate investigations.

The White House didn t put any of those issues on the agenda for the summit.

The Yahoo, Facebook, Google and Microsoft representatives will participate on a break-out panel at the end of the event on lessons learned from fighting hackers.

The panel will include Scott Charney, Microsoft s corporate vice president for trustworthy computing; Eric Grosse, Google s vice president for security engineering; Alex Stamos, Yahoo s chief information security officer; and Joe Sullivan, Facebook s chief information security officer.

Other Obama administration officials who will attend the conference include Homeland Security Department Secretary Jeh Johnson, Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and Michael Daniel, the White House s cybersecurity coordinator.

MasterCard, BOA

Along with Apple s Cook, others who will attend the conference are Ajay Banga, president and CEO of MasterCard Inc.; Brian Moynihan, chairman and CEO of Bank of America Corp.; and Michael Brown, CEO of Symantec Corp.

Obama also will announce an executive action aimed at encouraging companies to share information across industry sectors. The executive action will create a process for coming up with cybersecurity practices that the organizations should voluntarily follow.

It also will authorize the Homeland Security Department to enter into agreements with the organizations to share data about hacking threats.

Campaign Contributions

Microsoft employees donated $854,717 to Obama in the 2008 election cycle, and Google workers contributed $817,855 -- ranking them fourth and sixth among all employers -- according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington non-profit that tracks political spending.

Yahoo s Mayer gave Obama $2,300 in September 2007, when she was at Google and he was trying to emerge from the shadow of then-Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton. Mayer followed up with $60,800 for the Democratic National Committee in 2010, $5,000 to Obama s re-election campaign in 2011 and a maximum contribution of $35,800 to Obama s  victory fund  that same year.

Microsoft and Google employees became the second- and third-ranking sources of campaign cash for Obama in the 2012 election, ranking only behind the University of California, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Microsoft employees gave his campaign $814,645 in 2012, and Google employees contributed $801,770. 3 industries about to take off When it comes to starting a successful business, hard work, good luck, passion and great ideas all come into play but there's often something else -- timing. That's why Inc. Magazine analyzes the American business landscape each year to determine which industries have the most untapped market potential.

Based on interviews with entrepreneurs and successful CEOs, venture capitalists and industry experts as well as an analysis of raw data, Inc. Mag presents this list of emerging industries each year. Inc. writer, Graham Winfrey, who helped spearhead the initiative joined Yahoo Finance to highlight some industries that are "ripe for growth."

Fantasy Sports

Fantasy sports services is estimated to be a $1.4 billion market, according to Winfrey, that's growing from a growing interest in sports both fantasy and real, an increase in advertising interest and greater access to fantasy platforms via Broadband and mobile.

"Fantasy sports has been around since the 1980s but when it migrated to the internet it really took off," says Winfrey. "It's not just fantasy football anymore, it's fantasy baseball, basketball and hockey. The field is growing tremendously."

The industry grew 7.7% in 2014 and is expected to grow over 7% annually for the next five years. The market is still dominated by big names like Yahoo (our parent company) and ESPN but start-ups like FanDuel which was recently valued at $1 billion show that there is plenty of room for more.

Legal Marijuana

The money is in the pot (sorry) when it comes to legal marijuana. With Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska legalizing recreational marijuana in the past few years this is a very new and relatively untapped industry. Colorado governor John Hickenlooper has said that sales of recreational and medical marijuana in his state will reach $1 billion this year. Medical marijuana throughout America growers have seen revenue increase by about 16% each year since 2009 and made about $2 billion in 2014.

"There isn't a lot of competition yet because this is such a new industry," says Winfrey. "This could be a very fast-growing sector during the next five to ten years."

Of course there are many risks to consider when entering this legally tricky business. Laws are always subject to change, most banks don't accept money from marijuana-related businesses and Federal tax law doesn't allow deductions for business costs from these companies.

Relaxation drinks

Monster, Red Bull, Rockstar: the market is already flooded with energy drinks, but what about relaxation drinks? According to Winfrey the relaxation beverage industry is a $150 million sector because of American's inability to sleep. IBISWorld says that this market is far from saturated and that even though there are 450 drinks purported to aid in relaxation or hone focus on the market convenience stores are still asking for more.

IBISWorld says that growth will continue at 12% over the next 5 years and the industry is expected to be worth $263 million by 2025.

Get the Latest Market Data and News with the Yahoo Finance App

More from Yahoo Finance

Help wanted: Humans need not apply

How Walmart & Target are winning mobile

The $46 billion payday lending industry is in for a big blow AOL Falls as CEO Says 5-Year Plan Will Invest to go Global AOL Inc. tumbled the most in nine months after Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong outlined plans to reinvest in websites such as the Huffington Post, in a bid to reach a more global audience and be more competitive.

 Brands like the Huffington Post will become global platforms,  Armstrong said on a conference call Wednesday, after the company reported fourth-quarter profit that topped analysts  estimates. The company s big brands will  get bigger quickly,  the CEO said.

The shares fell 10 percent to $40.22 at the close, the biggest decline since May 7. Through yesterday, the stock had fallen 2.9 percent this year.

This year  is going to be investment mode,  Armstrong said earlier Wednesday in an interview with Betty Liu on Bloomberg Television.

The Huffington Post blog will go live in Australia later this year, after debuting in Greece and India during the fourth quarter, Armstrong said on the call.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

AOL has focused on automated advertising, or using high-powered machines to buy and sell ad space on websites and online video ads to make digital advertising more efficient and relevant to individual consumers. Last month, the New York-based company fired about 150 employees, mostly from the sales division, because such advertising requires fewer salespeople, according to a person familiar with the company s plans.

Quarterly Profit

The layoffs will affect AOL s revenue in the first half, the company said Wednesday.

AOL had about 5,000 employees worldwide at the end of 2013. The company is also folding two of its sites into the tech website Engadget as it simplifies its portfolio.

Profit excluding some items was 92 cents a share in the most recent quarter, AOL said in a statement. That topped the 71-cent average of analysts  estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Revenue increased 5 percent to $710.3 million, missing projections for $721.9 million.

The digital ad business has been the fastest-growing, while membership declined. Almost half of online display ads on AOL websites are now sold through automation. Earnings at the platform unit, which includes digital advertising, more than doubled to $13.5 million, with revenue climbing 20 percent.

AOL s advertising technology and online video has made it a potential takeover target for Verizon Communications Inc., which has explored a potential acquisition or joint venture with AOL, Bloomberg reported in January.

In addition, activist investor Starboard Value LP increased pressure on Yahoo! Inc. last month to explore a combination with AOL. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has dismissed a potential AOL deal. 
2015-12-17
What Should Yahoo Do Next? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

47:35 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-12-21
Yahoo core assets such as news, Tumblr 'unappreciated' in forecasts: analyst Shares of Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% ticked higher in early trade Monday after FBR said a sale of the company's core business could fetch between $5.4 billion and $7.1 billion, more than some other analysts have recently predicted. FBR analyst William Bird said his viewpoint reflects a number of core Yahoo properties that aren't valued in Wall Street consensus numbers, such as Yahoo news, finance, sports, mail, Flickr, search, and some of its acquired properties, such as Tumblr. Bird said he sees "underappreciated upside" for these assets, since Yahoo doesn't disclose revenue or profitability by property. Instead, FBR estimated their value by calculating user metrics. A number of analysts have recently said that a sale of the business, rather than a partial spin-off, will drive the most value for shareholders. Earlier this month, Yahoo said it was evaluating strategic options for the business, including a spin-off of the core into a separate publically-traded company Opinion: Here's the lowdown on why GoPro, Twitter, and Yahoo are going down I wouldn t miss an opportunity to play Bad Santa and hand out lumps of coal to investments that have misbehaved. Here are three  naughty  companies whose investors won t be having a merry holiday   or a happy new year:

1. GoPro

GoPro Inc. GPRO, -0.69% shares have plummeted by more than 70% in 2015, to below its IPO price of $24. And much like a parachute diver with one of the company s cameras on his helmet, there s zero chance of that direction changing now that gravity has taken hold.

Back in September, Alexander Eule cautioned in Barron s that while GoPro has done well capitalizing on a fashionable and gimmicky trend,  history hasn t been kind to one-product wonders like GoPro.  He likened the company s current position to that of BlackBerry Ltd. BBRY, -3.25% before that one-time mobile leader fell from grace.

I agree, given the emerging competition, but it s not just GoPro s story that looks ugly. In October, GoPro s earnings missed on both the top- and bottom lines due to weakening margins. The company earned 25 cents a share vs. 29 cents in forecast EPS, on revenue of $400.3 million that was far short of the $433.4 million predicted.

After Fed hike, still tough to find income (4:10) Financial adviser Valerie Newell uses bonds for stability, but for income she prefers reliable dividend-paying stocks such as UnitedHealth Group and department store operator TJX.

Making matters worse is that a lot of that pressure on third-quarter earnings came from soft margins, and those margin fears have only been reinforced by recent price cuts to its Hero4 Session camera in a desperate bid to bolster sales over the holidays.

Wall Street has been none too pleased by this self-defeating strategy of cutting its way to growth, with Robert W. Baird recently lowering its price target on GoPro to $18 from $36. Morgan Stanley and Citigroup followed with downgrades of their own.

There is always a chance that GoPro will come out with the Next Big Thing in consumer technology and ride a new wave of success in 2016. But given how these trends tend to play out, the sad reality is that there is a low ceiling on where GoPro can go from here.

I can t help but think back to eight years ago when everyone was clamoring over the prospect of their first Garmin GRMN, -1.22% Now these dash-top GPS devices are old news. Investors in GoPro may want to remember this before they fool themselves into thinking this camera company has staying power.

2. Twitter

There is precious little to like about Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.83% right now, save the prospect of a dead-cat bounce just because this social media company has been so brutally treated by Wall Street since spring. That means a precise swing trader may make a few bucks   but everyone else should steer clear.

Shares of Twitter fetch less than half of what they did before ugly first-quarter numbers hit at the end of April, showing the weakest quarterly revenue growth since Twitter went public. Things didn t improve from there, either, as the listless tech company fired a chunk of its workforce and replaced its CEO with co-founder Jack Dorsey.

And after all this, Twitter remains unprofitable when you look beyond its non-GAAP accounting moves.

Some are optimistic that Twitter will start to deliver substantial earnings in 2016, but given its troubled history, that s hardly a sure thing. Efforts like serving ads to users who aren t logged in or marketing its service via old-school broadcast TV spots, are hardly going to change the game, and there are big structural issues here that need to be resolved.

Namely, Twitter s growth has flatlined, with monthly active users up just 11% year-over-year and a measly 1% quarter-over-quarter, according to the company s latest filing. When your bottom line is nonexistent and there are serious challenges to the top line, that s not a recipe for success.

I suppose there s always a chance that a tech giant like Alphabet GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% could ride in on a white horse and acquire Twitter with hopes of righting the ship, but given these growth pressures and an increased focus on profitability and independent operations in the wake of the restructuring, Twitter seems out of step with where Alphabet is headed. Other companies under profit pressure certainly feel the same way.

It all adds up to more of the same, then, for Twitter. And given the ugly performance of the stock in 2015, that is not a good sign.

3. Yahoo

Another stock that is sometimes bandied about as a buyout target is Yahoo! Inc. YHOO, +0.15% . But like Twitter, just because shareholders are praying for a savior, and management is shopping the company hard, doesn t mean that anyone in their right mind is willing to pony up a premium.

For starters, Yahoo shareholders have long been awaiting the spinoff and sale of assets in Alibaba Group Holding BABA, -0.38% . But now, reports indicate Yahoo will hang on to its roughly $30 billion stake in the Chinese Internet giant to avoid a potential tax hit. Uncertainty around this key asset is a huge weight on Yahoo shares until it is resolved.

Apart from the trouble with its Alibaba stake, the painful realities for Yahoo s core U.S. Internet business are hard to ignore.

For starters, Yahoo s mobile strategy is miserable; last quarter, the $271 million in GAAP mobile revenue for Yahoo was just 22% of total revenue on the quarter. Overall revenue has finally reversed course after multiyear declines, but the $4.88 billion in projected FY2015 revenue for Yahoo is still under the $4.97 billion recorded in FY2012. And EPS back in 2012 hit $1.17 on an adjusted basis, while the company will be lucky to top 60 cents this fiscal year.

Continued struggles with new digital media efforts make it even less likely that Yahoo has what it takes to right the ship, as evidenced by a $42 million write-down after a boondoggle on original video content and disappointing guidance for 2016 as the multiyear  turnaround  effort of CEO Marissa Mayer continues to fall flat.

Yet amid all these serious challenges to the business, Yahoo just dropped an estimated $7 million on a Roaring Twenties-themed holiday party   clear proof that management has zero self-awareness.

Yahoo is not a company you want anything to do with in 2016. Maybe the chips will fall right on Alibaba, but that is the only reason to go anywhere near Yahoo   and a risky one at that. Yahoo Sports and NBC Sports Group Renew and Expand Digital Sports Alliance SUNNYVALE, Calif. & STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and NBC Sports Group today announced a renewal of their multi-faceted partnership that combines the content and experiences of Yahoo Sports, including its fantasy sports product, with NBC Sports Digital s growing video assets and significant promotional power. This expanded partnership brings even more content to Yahoo/NBC Sports viewers, including Premier League highlights, NBC Sports Regional Network team reports, and Golf Channel. It also extends the reach of the digital and on-air experiences beyond desktop to mobile and Tumblr.

Yahoo Sports and NBC Sports Digital will continue to collaborate on premium sports news and events coverage both online and on-air on NBC, NBCSN, Golf Channel, NBC Sports Regional Networks, NBCSports.com and Yahoo, while maintaining separate sites and editorial control of their respective newsrooms and digital properties.

 Yahoo has been a great partner, and we are pleased to extend this very complementary alliance that will now include Golf Channel,  said Rick Cordella, SVP and GM, Digital Media, NBC Sports Group.  This partnership extends the digital reach of both sides, and allows us to collaborate on the creation of widely-consumed, cross-platform content, particularly around short-form video and fantasy sports. 

 We re thrilled to not only continue our relationship with NBC Sports but also to expand the partnership as we work to bring more premium digital sports content to our users,  said Ian Weingarten, SVP of Corporate Development and Partnerships at Yahoo.  The addition of the Premier League and Golf Channel complements the current lineup, and we re excited to extend the reach of NBC Sports content to Yahoo s mobile and Tumblr users. 

Additional features of the alliance include:

Live Sports: Yahoo will continue to offer its users access to NBC Sports  lineup of live streaming properties, including Sunday Night Football , NHL, Notre Dame Football, NASCAR, Premier League, PGA TOUR, LPGA, and others, through NBC Sports Live Extra and Golf Live Extra .

Yahoo will continue to offer its users access to NBC Sports  lineup of live streaming properties, including , NHL, Notre Dame Football, NASCAR, Premier League, PGA TOUR, LPGA, and others, through and . Rotoworld + Yahoo Fantasy: NBCSports.com s popular digital destination, the web s premier fantasy news and information site, will contribute season-long fantasy content to Yahoo audiences in fantasy football, basketball, baseball, and hockey.

NBCSports.com s popular digital destination, the web s premier fantasy news and information site, will contribute season-long fantasy content to Yahoo audiences in fantasy football, basketball, baseball, and hockey. Golf Channel: The addition of Golf Channel will play a significant editorial role in Yahoo s professional golf coverage.

The addition of Golf Channel will play a significant editorial role in Yahoo s professional golf coverage. NBC Sports Regional Networks: Local coverage will be contributed by NBC Sports Regional Networks who will provide daily topical video reports on the teams they cover in Philadelphia, Chicago, Boston, Washington D.C., Baltimore, Portland and the San Francisco Bay Area.

Local coverage will be contributed by NBC Sports Regional Networks who will provide daily topical video reports on the teams they cover in Philadelphia, Chicago, Boston, Washington D.C., Baltimore, Portland and the San Francisco Bay Area. Fantasy Football Live: The franchise, started by Yahoo and now celebrating its 10th season, will continue to air every Tuesday through Thursday on NBCSN and every Sunday on Yahoo. Further, NBC Sports will continue promoting Yahoo s best-in-class, season-long fantasy sports games.

Yahoo Sports and NBC Sports will continue to partner to provide scalable advertising solutions to reach engaged audiences through distinctive opportunities and sponsorships. In addition, Rotoworld.com will integrate with Yahoo Gemini for access to native advertising technology.

About NBC Sports Digital

A division of NBC Sports Group, NBC Sports Digital services sports fans around the clock and on the go by providing an array of best-in-class products that include live video streaming, short-form videos, sport-specific websites, and fantasy sports information. NBC Sports Digital consists of 15 websites and 13 apps, and distributes its content across desktops, mobile devices, tablets, and connected TVs.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. ANNOUNCES A PRICE INCREASE FOR ALL TITANIUM DIOXIDE ... DALLAS, TEXAS - December 21, 2015 - Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) today announced global price increases for all titanium dioxide products. The following increases are effective January 1, 2016:

North America: $.07 (USD) per pound

Europe:  150 (Euros) per ton

Latin America, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa: $150 (USD) per ton

Kronos Worldwide, Inc. is a major international producer of titanium dioxide products.

Source: Kronos Worldwide, Inc.

Contact: Ben Corona, President, Global Sales, 609-860-6200.







This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.



The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.

Source: Kronos Worldwide via GlobeNewswire

HUG#1975235

 Silicon Valley Feeling A Frank Quattrone-Sized Disturbance In The Force Barely recognizable.

Here s a thought that s gone through the heads of more than one person in recent months:

 Who the f@ck is advising Marissa Mayer over at Yahoo(YHOO)? 

Well, The WSJ has an answer, and to the delight of almost no one (we re looking at you, Meg Whitman) it s none other than the Ron Jeremy of Silicon Valley money, Frank Quattrone!

Yahoo Inc. Chief Executive Marissa Mayer says she sees Mr. Quattrone at least every other week socially or to talk about business, including  broad management philosophies  and views on technology  shifts. 

They live in the same building in San Francisco and met at a black-tie dinner while Ms. Mayer was working for Google, now part of Alphabet Inc. He told her about searching Google for instructions on tying the bow tie he was wearing that night. She says they also talked in person the weekend after Yahoo hired her as CEO in 2012.

This explains a lot. Marissa s deals for Yahoo have been  questionable  at best even though she told everyone that they were veritable game-changers, so perhaps she took a page from the Quattrone playbook 

His ambition is as bold as ever. He says he wants to put together transactions  that would rock the world and change the industry,  not the  little deals that Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs wouldn t take. 

Ah, that Quattrone charm. We missed this dude. Where has he been since that whole  acquittal on obstruction of justice charges / getting burned HARD by the dot-com bubble bursting  thing anyway?

His regulatory woes sidelined him for more than three years after the dot-com bubble burst. Mr. Quattrone went through a long period of  soul-searching,  he says. He didn t think he would go back to investment banking but then decided to.

He has trimmed the bushy mustache and unruly hair that were part of his image for years. A framed caricature in his office shows Mr. Quattrone as a mustachioed pope.

Welcome back, Papa Frank.

When Aruba Networks Inc. was considering a sale of the wireless-networking company to Hewlett-Packard Co. last year, the board of directors turned to an investment banker who made his name during the last technology boom.

Frank Quattrone worked for 4  months trying to nail down a deal. But then there was a problem. H-P Chief Executive Meg Whitman refused to negotiate with Mr. Quattrone because he had been so difficult to deal with in previous deals, says someone close to Ms. Whitman.

Aruba brought in another investment bank to finish the $3 billion takeover agreement. That firm was paid $7.7 million for its work. Mr. Quattrone s firm got $30 million.

Welcome back, indeed.

Behind Frank Quattrone s Comeback in New Tech Era [WSJ] 
2015-11-18
The Fight Against Daily Fantasy Sports Just Hit Yahoo A Yahoo! fantasy football jersey hangs next to a workspace in the Global Service Desk area of the the company's Lockport Data Center in Lockport, New York on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014

A Yahoo! fantasy football jersey hangs next to a workspace in the Global Service Desk area of the the company's Lockport Data Center in Lockport, New York on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014 Photograph by Bloomberg via Getty Images

After New York's powerful attorney general sent cease-and-desist letters to DraftKings and FanDuel last week , many observers wondered whether he would also target smaller daily fantasy sports operators. Now we have an answer: Eric Schneiderman's office has subpoenaed Yahoo, the distant No. 3 in the industry.

The N ew York Times first reported the news, while a source familiar with the inquiry has confirmed its existence to Fortune. The Sunnyvale, Calif. tech giant launched its own daily fantasy platform in July for the current NFL season after it saw other operators were gaining ground by inking partnerships with sports leagues and teams.

The news of a subpoena does not necessarily mean that Yahoo will be part of an emergency hearing scheduled for Nov. 25 in New York. At that hearing, DraftKings and FanDuel will argue that Schneiderman has misinterpreted state gambling laws, while the attorney general will seek to have the companies shut down in New York. But it is a sign that Schneiderman is aware of Yahoo as a daily fantasy sports operator, and isn't only targeting the two top dogs.

DraftKings and FanDuel, which control a combined 95% of the daily fantasy sports market, have taken diverging approaches in the days following Schneiderman's cease-and-desist. While both have issued responses critical of his decision, and both will seek to negate his ban in court, FanDuel has halted paid entries in New York, while DraftKings continues to take them and says it will do so until a court rules that it must stop.

Yahoo, meanwhile, has also continued to accept paid bets in New York, though that may change now. In October, Yahoo shut down its operations in Florida because a federal grand jury there is investigating the industry. It has not yet done the same in New York, but the Empire State has more daily fantasy players than any other state, according to Eilers Research.

As Fortune has reported, Yahoo has made fast progress with its daily fantasy sports platform. It remains a distant No.3, but it has been the only daily fantasy site apart from DraftKings and FanDuel to experience a week with a positive rake in football pools, according to data from the research firm SuperLobby. That means it brought in more in entry fees than it paid out in prizes. (Yahoo has still only had one week with a positive rake.)

"Yahoo does not comment on legal matters," a Yahoo spokesperson told Fortune . "We are monitoring industry trends and events closely and believe that we offer a lawful product for our Daily Fantasy Sports users."

Schneiderman's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

There are a number of other, much smaller daily fantasy sports sites beyond DraftKings, FanDuel and Yahoo. They have taken different tacks in the light of Schneiderman's crackdown. DailyMVP, DraftOps, and Draftpot have all shut down in New York . But FantasyHub has told Fortune it will continue to accept paid bets "until the AG files a Cease and Desist against the company or can prove that Daily Fantasy is in fact not a game of skill." Cheetah Mobile Sees Strong Initial Results From Yahoo Search and Native ... SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Cheetah Mobile Inc. (NYSE: CMCM), the world's top developer of mobile utility apps, with 567 million monthly active users, today announced that it's leveraging Yahoo Inc.'s (NASDAQ: YHOO) mobile search and native advertising platform to enhance the user experience across its top-rated applications Clean Master, CM Security, CM Browser and CM Locker. Thanks to the global strategic partnership, Cheetah Mobile has already seen an approximate 30 percent day-to-day increase in Yahoo generated revenue in CM Security through the first two weeks of full integration.

Through this partnership, Cheetah Mobile launched Yahoo "Search In Apps," which brings users the best of search and content discovery on mobile. Cheetah Mobile's integration of Yahoo mobile search in its top apps will enable users to enjoy Yahoo's newly launched Search Buzz tool, which automates query- less content discovery. Users can also enjoy other product integrations, such as Clean Master's innovative iSwipe feature, which allows users to get to Yahoo Search through hot corners on their Android device. Thanks to this new integration with Yahoo Search, the CM Browser app now sees 60 percent of its global revenue driven from Yahoo's Search-in-Apps. Both CM Browser and CM Security have also seen a significant increase in user engagement in-app as a result of the integrations, with retention rates in CM Launcher up 18.5 percent.

Cheetah Mobile is also leveraging Yahoo Gemini, Yahoo's marketplace for search and native advertising in CM Security and will be rolling it out further across its entire suite of leading apps in the coming weeks. This integration drives a smart, data-driven and scalable approach, further increasing monetization while enhancing user experience with beautiful ads.

"We're very excited to team up with our friends at Yahoo to help Clean Master and our suite of utility apps become even more useful," said Sheng Fu, CEO of Cheetah Mobile. "The team over at Yahoo, including their business, product and engineering teams, has been working side by side with ours to customize and optimize the integrations for our users. This level of service, flexibility and creativity demonstrates the team's commitment to this partnership."

"User satisfaction is always our top priority and, now that four products in the CM family are integrated with additional Yahoo functionality, we're pleased to see users are happy with the added benefits," said Xinhua Liu, CMO at Cheetah Mobile. "Yahoo Search-in-Apps allows our users to discover more without having to exit our applications."

"We have been working with the Cheetah Mobile team to innovate and enhance user discovery in their mobile applications," said Ian Weingarten, SVP of Corporate Development and Partnerships at Yahoo.

"We remain excited about our partnership with Cheetah and the opportunity to provide our search and native ad products to their global user base."

About Cheetah Mobile Inc.

Cheetah Mobile is a leading mobile internet company. The Company aims to provide the best apps for mobile users worldwide, while building a leading global mobile ad platform for advertisers. Cheetah Mobile had approximately 567 million global mobile monthly active users in September 2015. Its mission critical applications, including Clean Master, CM Security, Battery Doctor and Duba Anti-virus, help make the internet and mobile experience speedier, simpler, and safer for users worldwide.

The Company also provides various platform products such as Duba.com, Cheetah browser, game centers, and mobile app stores to provide multiple user traffic entry points and global content distribution channels for its business partners.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses.Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout theAmericas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Media contact

Josh Ong +1-626-322-7241 press@cmcm.com

Ana Braskamp +1-408-718-4493 abraskamp@yahoo-inc.com

SOURCE Cheetah Mobile Yahoo added to list of fantasy sports sites targeted in New York Yahoo's daily fantasy sports betting days in New York could be numbered.

The tech company, which announced in July that it was joining the booming daily online fantasy sports world, is the latest subject of an investigation into the legality of such betting sites.

According to the New York Times, which cited an unnamed source, the New York State attorney general has issued a subpoena to Yahoo. Atty. Gen. Eric T. Schneiderman also is seeking an injunction in state court to ban FanDuel and DraftKings, the two most popular daily fantasy sports sites, from the state.

Last week, Schneiderman's office sent cease-and-desist letters to FanDuel and DraftKings, saying their sites violated state gambling laws by offering games of chance, rather than skill. That prompted a rally of angry fantasy sports players to gather outside his office.

As of Wednesday, New York bettors still could play on Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy.

Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy is available through a mobile app and allows users to compete in groups or individually by betting on a professional athlete's performance. The site has quickly become a top destination for daily fantasy sports players.

Daily fantasy games will generate about $2.6 billion this year in entry fees, an industry euphemism for wagers, growing 41% annually to an estimated $14.4 billion by 2020, according to Eilers Research in Anaheim.

The number of people playing fantasy sports this year will total 56.8 million, according to the Fantasy Sports Trade Assn.

SIGN UP for the free California Inc. business newsletter >>

Fantasy sports betting has blossomed since 2006, when the federal government enacted the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act.

The law distinguished gambling on fantasy sports as a game of skill rather than chance like, say, online poker, making it fully legal in nearly all states except those   including Arizona, Iowa and Montana   where local laws ban such betting.

In July, Ken Fuchs, Yahoo's vice president of products, said the move would allow the Sunnyvale, Calif., company to expand its presence on mobile devices, draw in the 18- to 34-year-old demographic and create a base of steady transactional revenues by taking 10% of each wager.

A Yahoo spokesman said the company does not comment on legal matters.

"We are monitoring industry trends and events closely and believe that we offer a lawful product for our Daily Fantasy Sports users," he said.



Twitter: @byandreachang



MORE FROM BUSINESS

California is steering the automobile industry toward its future

SeaWorld hopes to reverse sagging fortunes by building own San Diego hotel

Sony Pictures' CEO talks about life a year after the hack, cyber-security, and moving on It Was Never Going to Be Easy for Yahoo to Make Money on 'Community' Photo: Yahoo Screen

Yahoo Inc., YHOO 0.15% on its third-quarter earnings call, disclosed that it was writing down the value of its assets by $42 million because of investments in original video content. One culprit:  Community,  the cult-favorite sitcom that the Internet company resuscitated after the show had been canceled by NBC.

Yahoo s chief financial officer Ken Goldman said that the company  couldn t see a way to make money over time  on such a series.

A closer look at the economics Yahoo agreed to when it took over the series reveals why that was the case.

The company hasn t disclosed the show s financials. But according to people familiar with the matter, Yahoo paid Sony Pictures Television, the studio that produces  Community,  roughly $2.7 million per episode for the show s 13-episode sixth season.

NBC had paid Sony only about $1 million per episode to air the previous season, the people said. Why the big price difference? Yahoo s rate covered the full production costs of the show. Plus, Yahoo agreed to pay Sony a guarantee for syndication fees, the people said.

Typically, studios recoup only part of their production costs when they license a show to a broadcast network like NBC. If a show like  Community  cost roughly $2.2 million per episode to produce and a broadcaster pays around $1 million an episode to license it, then the studios expect to cover the rest of their costs and generate a profit by selling reruns to other channels on the dial, to international TV networks and to streaming video services like Netflix .

There s no guarantee that the economic equation will work out, however. Some shows have more rerun demand than others. And lately, the U.S. syndication market has been weak, because viewers aren t watching reruns on cable as much as they once did and networks therefore aren t willing to pay as much to acquire those reruns.

Sony also may have been weighing whether there would be a robust market for the show from on-demand streaming services after it had been streamed for free on Yahoo.

In this case, Yahoo covered the risk for Sony and that proved costly. Comedy Central, the cable network that had cut a deal to air reruns of earlier seasons of  Community,  never expressed interest in the Yahoo season of the show, according to people familiar with the matter. That triggered the guarantee provision of the deal, which meant Yahoo was on the hook to pay Sony $2.7 million per episode.

Based on that per-episode fee, Yahoo wound up paying about $35 million for one season of  Community.  That s the cost side of the equation for Yahoo.

But the revenue dynamics were also challenging. TV networks generally have dual revenue streams: they sell advertising, and they get a slice of the money consumers pay each month for cable TV service.

A scene from the "Community" pilot on Hulu Photo: Hulu

In this case, Yahoo was relying on advertising alone. And while it wouldn t be impossible for Yahoo to break even, the numbers show it would be very difficult.

For starters, Yahoo signed a unique product placement deal with Honda; not only were Honda vehicles featured in the show, but one episode centered on a Honda CR-V. The company hasn t disclosed how much it was worth, but several ad buyers familiar with similar product integration deals estimated Honda paid in the range of $2 million on the low end and around $10 million on the high-end. It would be possible to earn more than that, they said, but it is rare. Honda declined to comment.

As for the advertising that ran during episodes of the show, several buyers said Yahoo was seeking a rate of around $40 per thousand viewers, on the high side for online video, though they believed it was more likely the company didn t reach that level in its deals.

One top media buyer said that it was rare these days for Web video ads to sell for as high as $30 per thousand viewers and that prices for premium Web video typically hover in the $20 range.

So let s assume the relatively rosy scenario where Yahoo secured $10 million for the Honda deal and sold 16 ads per episode at its desired $40 ad price. Yahoo would still need around three million viewers per episode to at least break even. Those are a lot of assumptions, of course, but it gives an indication of the audience  Community  would need to draw to prevent Yahoo from losing money.

Three million viewers would be an ambitious target, media and ad executives say. While Nielsen data show that  Community  averaged 3.7 million viewers an episode in its fifth season on NBC, attracting that kind of audience would seemingly be challenging for a Web company jumping into TV-caliber video content for the first time without an existing base of TV viewership. To put it in perspective, Yahoo s live stream of a National Football League game last month averaged 1.64 million viewers in the U.S.

If the assumptions were less generous say, Yahoo could only fetch $20 ad prices instead then the show would have needed to draw six million viewers per episode to just cover its costs.

Yahoo has not reported how many people watched  Community. 

It s possible that Yahoo never expected to make money on  Community,  but instead saw the show as a loss leader that would drive more viewers to Yahoo Screen and its other content. But this past March, when the sixth season of  Community  premiered on Yahoo Screen, traffic to the site actually dipped by 2 million unique desktop visitors compared with the previous month, landing at just under 9 million, according to comScore.

That channel s traffic had peaked in May at nearly 16.5 million unique users, but it slipped to less than 8 million visitors this past September. Of course, it s possible that Yahoo Screen s audience has grown on mobile devices and connected TVs, which comScore does not currently track.

Adam Kasper, chief media officer at Havas Media, said that Yahoo is learning a lesson that companies like Microsoft have already learned -- original content is a very tough business.

 Yahoo has so many priorities from a technology perspective, and is doing well with live video and current events video content,  he said.  I think they could not pay this particular effort the attention it needed. 

As of now, it is unclear whether a seventh season of  Community  will be produced. In August, star Joel McHale said on Twitter that the show hasn t been canceled. Meanwhile, Yahoo continues to signal that the company is pulling back on acquiring original scripted series.

Write to Mike Shields at mike.shields@wsj.com Apple, Google Urged to Crack Encrypted Phones in Terror Probes Apple Inc. and Google Inc. face renewed calls to create a workaround for smartphone encryption in the wake of the Paris attacks as Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. proposed a compromise that seeks to mollify privacy advocates.

Vance and FBI Director James Comey echoed recent comments by CIA and Justice Department officials who cite the need for access to stay a step ahead of terrorists who may use encryption to hide planned attacks. Underlining their point, French authorities said predawn raids in a Paris suburb were triggered by information gleaned from a discarded mobile phone.

"The line to protect the public should not be drawn by two companies who make smartphones,  Vance said Wednesday at a cybersecurity conference in New York where he unveiled a 42-page white paper on the issue. His plan would require companies to download data for investigators with a warrant, rather than providing the government with a  backdoor. 

Comey spoke after Vance at the event, held at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. He described how the Islamic State, which has taken responsibility for the Paris attacks, recruits over social media and moves discussions to direct messaging via Twitter if they find  a live one.  While authorities have access to that information by way of a court order, they are blocked from seeing information on smartphones that use encryption technology implemented last year by Apple and Google.

Authorities haven t disclosed whether such technology was used by perpetrators of the Paris attacks.

Going Dark

When ISIL finds someone they think might kill,  they move them to a mobile messaging app that s end-to-end encrypted,  Comey said.  At that moment, the needle we ve been searching the whole nation to find, and have found, goes invisible to us. That is the going dark problem."

Vance said his proposal could assist law enforcement investigating a wide range of criminal conduct, noting his office has 111 cases in which encryption has prevented access to phone data.

 Photos and videos of child sexual assault; text messages between sex traffickers and their customers; even a video of a murder victim being shot to death -- these are just a few of the pieces of evidence found on smartphones,  his office said in the white paper.

Earlier this week, New York Police Commissioner William Bratton put the standoff with tech firms in stark terms, saying that unless they help investigators, they are  working against us. 

Aaron Stein, a spokesman for Mountain View, California-based Google, declined to comment on Vance s proposal. Representatives of Cupertino, California-based Apple didn t respond to telephone calls or e-mails.

 Safety Check 

At the conference, Vance sought to shame Apple and Google, citing other technology companies that have assisted those affected by the attacks and their aftermath. He pointed to Facebook s  safety check,  which allows users to let contacts know they are okay in an emergency, AirBNB Inc. s sheltering of stranded Parisians and Uber Technologies Inc. s suspension of surge-pricing.

 I hope the same spirit of public-mindedness will lead smartphone makers to negotiate a solution,  Vance said.

Encryption Technology

The encryption technology was developed after revelations of mass U.S. surveillance by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden. Privacy advocates have defended such protections as a necessary bulwark against government snooping.

Vance sought to address such concerns, saying his proposal would only cover  data at rest  -- information contained on mobile phones in possession of authorities, obtained as part of an arrest, for example. It wouldn t cover  data in motion,  thus not allowing for unlawful eavesdropping, he said.

 We do not want a government backdoor,  Vance said.  We do not want a key for the government and we don t want to collect data on anyone. 

The American Civil Liberties Union immediately assailed the proposal, saying Vance s report doesn t provide evidence encrypted devices have undermined crime fighting.

Vance s changes would  compromise the security of Americans by making their personal information and communications more vulnerable to cyberattack and theft,  ACLU counsel Neema Singh Guliani said in a statement.

The report said that the heightened encryption does nothing to protect users from "large scale institutional data breaches or spyware  and that Apple and Google never explained why their prior systems were vulnerable to hackers.

Exploratory Route

Vance also urged Congress to pass legislation requiring any designer of an operating system for a smartphone or tablet made or sold in the U.S. ensure that data is accessible under a search warrant.

Action from Washington may not come for some time. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, said Tuesday that Congress isn t ready to pass a law limiting the use of encryption, but lawmakers are on an  exploratory route to determine what options we have. 

FBI Plan

Comey also laid out the Federal Bureau of Investigation s strategy for keeping up with cyber criminals who have  shrunk the world to the size of a pin.  He said the agency would focus on the biggest, most international crimes, and deploy agents based on expertise rather than geography.

 We have to get to a place where we push information to each other at a pace that moves with the speed of the threat,  Comey said.

After Snowden revealed that Apple, Google, Yahoo Inc. and others had been compelled to cooperate with U.S. spying programs following the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, technology firms announced  full-disk encryption  for a new generation of phones, automatically scrambling data so a digital key kept by the owner is needed to unlock it.

Vance said in a Washington Post op-ed that the companies, whose operating systems run on 96 percent of smartphones worldwide, were helping criminals. This summer, he testified before a Senate Judiciary Committee, saying that the Fourth Amendment allowed for  reasonable searches  of devices by the government.

Vance said at the time that his office had sent letters asking the companies if there was a way to encrypt their data without sacrificing security, and had yet to receive a response.

Brooklyn Lawsuit

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The issue of privacy versus security on mobile phones has only been partially tested in U.S. courts. It was weighed by the U.S. Supreme Court last year, which said a warrant is usually required to access data on a phone held by someone arrested. It s also the subject of a lawsuit in Brooklyn, New York, where Apple is fighting the Justice Department s demand for access to data on an iPhone seized during a drug probe.

Vance also faced off against Twitter Inc. on similar issues of whether the maker of the technology is responsible for providing law enforcement with information. In 2012, shortly after New York s Occupy Wall Street protests, a judge ruled the social media company had to hand over information about protesters  posts, comparing the duties of social media sites to witnesses of a street crime. 
2015-09-30
Yahoo Stock: Facebook's Instant Articles Are Bad News for YHOO Facebook (FB) launched a new service, Instant Articles, back in May of this year with limited partners.

Several months later, Instant Articles are starting to find momentum, and according to Cowen, it s a huge opportunity for Facebook.

The flip side, however, is that it could be horrible news for Yahoo (YHOO).

Why Will Yahoo Stock Suffer?

YHOO is one of the largest distributors of content on the web. Anyone who has ever run a blog or worked for an online publisher knows that it is hard to get content on Yahoo, and that YHOO charges a lot to host such content as a partner.

Furthermore, since YHOO acquired Tumblr and other content-related companies, it has gone the route of downsizing third-party content, relying more on its own content to drive volume and produce revenue.

But Facebook presents a new and dangerous risk for the company.

With Instant Articles, creators can publish content to Facebook that loads instantly within a user s News Feed. With FB possessing so much data on what users like, people get to see what interests them, and content creators aren t left guessing and hoping that acquired traffic is high quality.

To make matters even better for Facebook and the future of Instant Articles, publishers get 100% of the ad revenue they sell, and FB takes a 30% cut of the ad revenue it sells.

Clearly, this is a much better model for publishers than doing business with and paying obscene fees to YHOO to host content, and not having any way to target readers or know whether that incoming traffic is considered high quality.

With Facebook knowing what users want to see and having about 1 billion daily active users   many of whom spend at least an hour per day on the site   publishers have a huge audience and know that the people seeing their content have at least a passing interest in the topic and/or publisher.

This is innovation that Yahoo can t match, and long-term, it could be a problem for YHOO stock.

How Instant Articles Benefit FB

With that said, what s bad for Yahoo stock is good for Facebook stock, in this instance.

On Monday, Cowen increased its price target on FB from $110 to $115. That $5 difference was in relation to Instant Articles.



Cowen thinks that Facebook can realize $2.9 billion in gross advertising quickly with the Instant Articles, which would translate to nearly $1 billion of additional revenue for Facebook when it takes its share.

This is $1 billion that analysts are seemingly missing with their outlooks on FB, much like the enormous opportunities that analysts are missing with WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger.

Bottom Line

FB stock is well positioned to exceed analyst expectations, at least for the short term, which should push its price higher.

Unfortunately for Yahoo stock, the opposite could very likely occur depending on whether FB cuts into its core content distribution business   something that seems very likely.

As of this writing, Brian Nichols was long YHOO.



More From InvestorPlace Tech Companies Try to Make More Room for Women Slack aims to boost female staffing through training in interviewing and uncovering unconscious bias. Photo: Slack Technologies

SAN FRANCISCO When Anne Toth, an early employee at Yahoo Inc. YHOO 0.15% in the late 1990s, asked what the company s parental-leave policy was, human resources didn t know, Ms. Toth says. No one had ever come back to work at the startup after having a baby, she was told.

Now Ms. Toth is in a position to set parental-leave policy. It was the first item on her agenda in January when she became vice president of people and policy at Slack Technologies Inc., a workplace-communication startup based in San Francisco.  I didn t want to be putting other people in the same situation I was in when I was told,  I m not sure, let me look into that,   says Ms. Toth.

A spokesperson at Yahoo says it did have a parental-leave policy at the time, but adds it s possible the human-resources representative didn t know what the policy was.

Parental leave is a new touchpoint in an industry struggling to attract women. Tech companies have among the lowest participation of women of any industry, according to new data from LeanIn.Org and McKinsey & Co. At the 26 tech companies studied, only 15% of C-suite executives are women, according to the research. For entry-level positions, 37% of employees are women, the second-lowest rate, after the industrial sector.

 Brogammer  culture

The tech industry is aware of the problem. It is rooted in tech s  brogrammer  culture, where work never stops and employees bond in company game rooms, seen by some critics as unconducive environments for women. Global giants including Facebook Inc., Google Inc., Yahoo and Twitter Inc. have published diversity reports in the past couple of years, divulging the dearth of women and underrepresented minorities in their ranks.

Yet improving the statistics is difficult. Take Google. Earlier this year, it said women make up 30% of its global workforce of 57,000 people, unchanged from last year despite many programs designed to find, hire and retain more women. Intel Corp. has pledged to spend $300 million over the next five years to improve diversity. Netflix Inc. said this summer that it is giving certain employees fully paid time off for up to a year when they become parents.

Now Slack is taking on the issue of bringing more women into its ranks, an unusual move for a company still in startup mode. In the scramble to staff up, most startups prioritize hiring quickly over planning for diversity, which can take longer. But that catches up with companies later.

 Once a company is very large, it s a hard ship to turn,  says Joelle Emerson, founder of Paradigm, a diversity consultancy working with Slack and other Silicon Valley firms.  There are lots of embedded norms and processes that are hard to change. 

Slack CEO Stewart Butterfield frames the dilemma in a different light. It s not only about hiring, he says.  What s important for us in the long run is, do we retain women at the same rate as men,  he says.

This month, Slack followed in the footsteps of its bigger peers by releasing its first diversity report, showing that 39% of its 250 employees are female. The weak spots Slack is addressing, particularly the number of women in engineering and managerial roles, are common in the tech sector.

 We recognized early on we had an opportunity to move the needle,  Ms. Toth says. After working at a law firm, she became a privacy and policy expert at Yahoo and Google. She joined Slack to put that knowledge to use, and took on an HR role.

Slack had just over 50 employees when Ms. Toth arrived a year ago. It wasn t yet collecting data about the gender and racial makeup of its offices. But, Ms. Toth recalls,  we certainly weren t the majority.  Like many startups, Slack was making the rules up as it went along.  When your company is small enough to all fit around the table, culture is osmotic,  Ms. Toth says.

Slack wouldn t stay small for long. Ms. Toth worked with Mr. Butterfield to lay down processes and policies.

The same questions

Slack needed to ensure it was giving women a fair chance to get in the door. Ms. Emerson, the diversity consultant, led training sessions on uncovering unconscious bias in language and behavior. She coached managers on conducting interviews by asking all candidates the same questions.

The hiring of engineers required special attention. All job candidates must complete a coding exercise to demonstrate the logic behind their problem-solving. The way the exercise was conducted on a whiteboard in front of a group of people put women and minorities at a disadvantage because research showed they didn t perform as well doing the exercise in public, Ms. Toth says. Now Slack has all of its engineering candidates complete the test in private.

Even with its new hiring practices and outreach programs at job fairs, women only hold 18% of engineering jobs at Slack, comparable to its bigger peers. It has placed more women in management. Forty-one percent of Slack employees report to a woman, the company says. Ms. Toth believes that will keep more women in the company as well.

On a recent Monday at Slack headquarters, new hires and  old-timers  were being feted. Balloons with a  1  floated above a few desks in honor of employees celebrating first anniversaries. Smiley-face balloons were attached to the desks of new arrivals. The new hires were having orientation in a conference room. More than half of them were women.

Ms. Passariello is a Wall Street Journal deputy technology editor in San Francisco. Email christina.passariello@wsj.com.

Corrections & Amplifications

Anne Toth, Slack s vice president of people and policy, worked in a law firm at the beginning of her career but wasn t a lawyer. An earlier version of this article incorrectly said she was a lawyer. (Sept. 30, 2015) Stock Market News for September 30, 2015 Markets ended its choppy session slightly higher on Tuesday following a recovery in healthcare stocks and encouraging economic data on the domestic front. However, another decline in biotech stocks and a drop in Apple shares dragged down the Nasdaq to the red. The Dow finished in the positive territory yesterday, but lost most of the 117 points that it had gained in the initial session. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 rebounded from after losing in five consecutive sessions.





For a look at the issues currently facing the markets, make sure to read today's Ahead of Wall Street article

The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) rose 0.3% to close at 16,049.13. The Standard & Poor's 500 (S&P 500) gained 0.1% to close at 1,884.09. However, the tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index closed at 4,517.32, declining 0.6%. The fear-gauge CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) declined 2.9% to settle at 26.83. A total of around 7.9 billion shares were traded on Tuesday, higher than the last 20-sessions' average of 7.3 billion. Decliners outpaced advancing stocks on the NYSE. For 55% stocks that declined, 43% advanced.

On Tuesday, the Conference Board reported that Consumer Confidence Index rose to 103 in September from August's reading of 101.3, higher than the consensus estimate of 96.1. The index hit the highest level since January. Moreover, the consumer present situation index increased from August's 115.8 to 121.1 in September, witnessing its highest reading since Sep 2007.

Meanwhile, it was reported that the S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index gained 4.7% year on year in July, higher than a gain of 4.5% in June. While the 10-city index increased 4.5% from the year-ago period in July, 20-city index rose 5%. In month-over-month basis, the S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index rose 0.7% in July. Both the 10-city index and 20-city index gained 0.6% in July. According to the report, price increase in the western region of the country was higher than that in the eastern region. These encouraging economic data had a positive impact on benchmarks on Tuesday.

Separately, the Health Care Select Sector SPDR (XLV) snapped a seven-day losing streak to gain 0.9% on Tuesday. It was also the biggest gainer among the S&P 500 sectors. Key stocks from the sector including Medtronic plc ( MDT ), Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ( BMY ), Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) and Gilead Sciences Inc. ( GILD ) gained 2.9%, 2.6%, 1.8% and 1.3%, respectively.

Though iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology (IBB) recovered slightly in the initial hours, it failed to finish in the positive territory. It lost 0.4% yesterday and is down 15.4% over the month. Apart from the decline in biotech stocks, the Nasdaq was also negatively impacted by a 3% drop in Apple Inc.'s ( AAPL ) shares.

Apple's decline also weighed on the Technology Select Sector SPDR (XLK), which lost 0.4%. It was also one of the major losers among the S&P 500 sectors. Key technology stocks including Facebook, Inc. ( FB ), EMC Corporation ( EMC ), salesforce.com, inc. ( CRM ) and Adobe Systems Incorporated ( ADBE ) lost 2.9%, 1.1%, 1% and 0.9%, respectively.

However, shares of Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) gained 2.4% after announcing that it will carry on with its plans to spin off the roughly 15% stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ( BABA ). Yahoo also said that it expects to complete the deal during the fourth quarter of 2015.

Moreover, strong gains in shares of 3M Company ( MMM ) and Johnson & Johnson helped the Dow to negate the impact of Apple's decline. Shares of 3M gained 2.3%.

Meanwhile, investor remained cautious ahead of the non-farm payroll data, which scheduled for release on Friday. It is speculated that Friday's jobs data may play an important role in rate hike decision in October's meeting.

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 
2015-03-05
Alibaba to Buy Yahoo? Don't Bet on It. (YHOO) It s not the first time the rumor of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) looking to buy Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has come up, but the timing was certainly more interesting than it usually is.

In a post on a Chinese website discussing a new book about Alibaba, Founder and Executive Chairman Jack Ma is quoted about his long-standing interest in Yahoo and the problems inherent in getting a deal done with the U.S. internet giant.

Ma said that the acquisition of Yahoo s something he worked on a couple of years ago, but that it remains a political, not economic problem. Because Yahoo is a media company, its acquisition by a Chinese behemoth is more sensitive, Ma is said to have told the author of the book.

They say that when there s smoke on Wall Street, there s fire. And although this rumor is so cold it isn t even smoldering, the timing   coming as it does with Alibaba s foray into the U.S. cloud computing business   probably raised at least a few eyebrows.

Alibaba launched a cloud computing hub in Silicon Valley Wednesday to go head-to-head with the likes of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), among others.

This is Alibaba s first cloud computing hub outside China, and though it will initially cater to Chinese companies doing business in the U.S., Alibaba has big plans to expand the client base. After all,the cloud services industry will grow to $100 billion by 2017, according to research firm IDC, and having a perch in the U.S. will help Alibaba get its share of the pie.

Alibaba Looks to the U.S.

What does this have to do with Yahoo? Maybe not all that much, but an Alibaba acquisition of Yahoo would give BABA a second perch in the U.S market, one which could allow it to mine the lucrative market for digital ads, especially in the fast-growing mobile space.

Alibaba has made no secret of its desire to expand in the U.S., and the acquisition of a content player like Yahoo would certainly put it on the front lines of at least one online business. Whether Alibaba could rejuvenate Yahoo after so many years of stagnation remains the big question. After all, just what can Alibaba do to make this also-ran worth the billions it would take to buy it?

Maybe Jack Ma has plenty of ideas of what would work with Yahoo. As former partners, he certainly knows the company intimately.

But it seems far-fetched. Yahoo regularly finds itself the center of deal rumors that don t pan out. The company even successfully rebuffed a hostile approach from Microsoft back in 2008.

And, then, as Ma said, there are delicate politics surrounding the matter. There no sense in creating political or public perception problems when BABA is trying to build a U.S. cloud business. Meanwhile, Yahoo is still struggling to grow. Indeed, revenue has been in steady decline since 2009.

Maybe it will happen one day   but it s sure not worth betting on now.

As of this writing, Dan Burrows did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Palin Outraged That Hillary Clinton Pulled a Palin Sarah Palin, whom shame and decency dictate should be hiding out somewhere in the back of a dark deep cave with a bag over her head this week, is instead standing on the tippy top of Mt. Hypocrisy with a giant bullhorn yelling, "Look at me!"

Should any of us be surprised? No.

Was I still a little surprised? A little.

Apparently the thought of raking Hillary Clinton (whom Palin thanked in 2008 for putting "16 million cracks in the glass ceiling") over the political coals was just too tempting, just too enticing to put in check her own conscience, or humility. I know. You laugh. Better to expect a hyena to use the right fork.

Perhaps to my own credit, in some idealistic corner of my heart, I didn't think she was actually going to go HERE:

Yes. Sarah Palin said that. For real. Hillary Clinton is "shady and corrupt" for using personal emails to conduct official business.

For those who may not have been paying attention from 2008 - 2011, I should explain that I may be a little sensitive about the whole email issue. I have delved deeper than most into the world of politicians who use personal email accounts to conduct state business avoiding the scrutiny of public records requests. They like to do public work, and be paid by public money, but without the annoying public getting to know what's being done, and holding them accountable for it.

I have sat, in my living room, in my pajamas, with my feet up, sifting through thousands - TENS of thousands of emails on which important state business was being done. The emails I read were not redacted. They were not filtered. There were none omitted from my view. And many of them were sent to, or from private Yahoo! accounts. And at the very time I had my hands on these emails, having contractually agreed they were for my eyes only, major media outlets from across the nation were going through the proper channels, requesting state records and wanting to see the very emails I had - the ones from Governor Sarah Palin - who wanted to be a heartbeat away from the presidency. The "lame stream media" were allowed to see the emails from Palin's official ".gov" accounts after they had been heavily redacted, and more than 2 years later. And they never had access to the emails I did. Yahoo! was a shroud they never got to look behind - govsarah@yahoo.com, among several others used by the governor were off limits. Is that awful and wrong and maddening? YES!

Why did I have them? Because the man who created the accounts, and personally archived them instead of erasing them was Frank Bailey, a member of Palin's administration and inner circle, who decided he wanted people to know what was in those emails and what he'd seen in his years working for Palin. He wanted the story written, and so I helped.

Palin was kind enough to provide a link in her tweet - a link to an article talking about why Hillary Clinton using personal email accounts was a big deal. She didn't write a commentary herself, which was wise considering the circumstances. Instead, she chose to direct her fans to another source. The author of this well-measured third-party political and ethical analysis is none other than Bristol Palin who says the following:

Hillary Clinton was in the headlines last week for using her personal email for government business when she was secretary of state. Her supporters are saying, "who cares?" But even CNN knows why those are important facts to consider in a more-than-likely presidential candidate!

GASP! Quick everyone, go put on some pearls and then clutch them! Run over to your sofa and faint upon it! Can you imagine? A more-than-likely presidential candidate using personal email for government business? And the supporters of that woman saying "who cares?" In the Through the Looking Glass world of the Palins, the irony of Bristol's outrage went the way of those Yahoo! emails - POOF! Oh wait, there they are in that thumb drive on my desk!

Emails are getting to be a big way to see what our officials really think and do, and to hold them accountable. (And can I just say, my mom's emails were examined and they found absolutely NOTHING on her!)

I agree. These email things are "getting to be a big way" of knowing stuff, and any public official who tries to keep people from seeing what they really think and do, well... that's not okay. And can I just point out to Bristol, that the heavily redacted content of some of your mom's emails were examined. And "found nothing" should be determined by those who'd like to read all about it. There's actually a book. I know about it because it probably took years off the collective lives of its authors.

From the targeted bullying campaign against a private citizen in Juneau, in which the full force of the executive office was brought to bear; to the back biting and personal vendettas that cost people their jobs; to the outright breaking of the law resulting from the coordination of the Palin for Governor campaign and the Republican Governor's Association, then headed by Mitt Romney; there was a smorgasbord of "what they really think and do" in those emails. You should read them some time. Oh, that's right, you CAN'T. Thanks for bringing it up.

Bristol goes on to enumerate Clinton's sins including:

"She violated the spirit of the law. Even if the law wasn't as specific as it is now, isn't it kind of common sense to keep government business on government channels?"

and

"It shows the opposite of transparency, that all-important government value. Government employees are supposed to use their federal emails so their messages can be archived. With a personal email, there's no accountability. What does she have to hide?"

I could go on, but the self-parody leaves nothing to say. The same thing will happen when Anthony Weiner has a press conference to criticize some Republican for sending a dirty tweet. But that's probably not going to happen.

Bristol then cites Chris Cillizza from the Washington Post, despite the use of one particular word I've highlighted in red for your convenience:

The highly unusual practice of a Cabinet-level official physically running her own email would have given Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential candidate, impressive control over limiting access to her message archives. It also would distinguish Clinton's secretive email practices as far more sophisticated than some politicians, including Mitt Romney and Sarah Palin, who were caught conducting official business using free email services operated by Microsoft Corp. and Yahoo Inc.

So, the only difference between Hillary Clinton, and Sarah Palin - even by the Palins' own definition - is that Hillary Clinton is far more "sophisticated." She's smart about her lack of transparency, while Palin was kind of a dumbass techno-rube. That should make us all feel much better.

As one of those "hateful bloggers" (Sarah Palin's words) who actually held her accountable for her actions, a common one of which was blatant hypocrisy, I'm not one to let any public official off the hook when it comes to transparency. And here's one way Hillary Clinton was perhaps not so sophisticated. She became secretary of state after the era of the Palin emails. She saw what happened. She's smart enough to understand that there was a political price to pay for doing the very thing she did, and that the sentiment of the nation favored openness and transparency. At the very least, efforts should have been made to avoid the pitfall that swallowed Palin. But then again Hillary Clinton, like Palin, has been known to shoot herself in the foot.

Even if doing her business on personal accounts was "technically legal" for Clinton, it was not ethical or wise. But ethics don't seem to matter as much as they used to, especially with examples like Palin to let politicians understand exactly what they can get away with. Strict legality is the rule of the day, and ethics and morality are quaint when your side violates them, and subject to the bony finger of accusation when the other side does - making them nothing more than partisan boxing gloves, when they should be anything but.

The ethics gymnastics become evident in Bristol's defense of the indefensible. Depending on what sentence you read, the smell test is either 1) the violation of the spirit of transparency (in Hillary's case) or 2) they looked and found nothing wrong, so there (in her mother's).

We know for a fact that both Palin and Clinton concealed. And my guess is that in both cases we will "find nothing." Whether we find nothing because nothing untoward happened, or whether we find nothing because it is simply unfindable, we will never know. And that's the tragedy of the whole thing, and the case for ethics first. Both Palin and Clinton worked for the people, and both used practices that concealed their efforts on behalf of those people from the people themselves.

"How will the same liberals react to Hillary, when it's obvious to everyone that she's done something wrong?" asks Bristol with hand on hip.

Asked and answered. Mark Cuban Slams TWTR, FB on Valuation Mark Cuban, the outspoken billionaire with pop-culture appeal   he owns the Dallas Mavericks and appears on ABC s hit show Shark Tank   just called out Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) for their absurd valuations and bubbly stock prices.

The TWTR stock price has been hammered in the last year, stumbling 13% as investors tired of waiting for profitability. FB stock, however, has fared far better during that time frame, boasting market-beating returns of 18%.

So what similarities could Mark Cuban possibly see in the two social media stocks?

Today s Tech Bubble: Worse Than 2000?

Mark Cuban was famous long before giving Walt Disney Co s (NYSE:DIS) ABC stupendous TV ratings on Shark Tank. Before Shark Tank, Cuban burst into pop-culture by purchasing the NBA s Dallas Mavericks, where he quickly racked up fines for his courtside outbursts and post-game comments.

Before that, Cuban himself made his fortune in the now-infamous dot-com stock market bubble of the late  90s, selling Broadcast.com   an internet audio and video broadcaster with $22 million in sales   for $5.7 billion in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock in 1999.

Since Cuban adeptly spotted a tech bubble the first time around, this gives the man a good amount of credibility when discussing the overvalued tech stocks of today like FB and TWTR.

And that s exactly what Cuban thinks we re in right now: a tech bubble. In his blog post yesterday, entitled  Why This Tech Bubble is Worse Than the Tech Bubble of 2000,  Cuban says,

 If we thought it was stupid to invest in public internet websites that had no chance of succeeding back then, it s worse today. In a bubble there is always someone with a  great  idea pitching an investor the dream of a billion dollar payout with a comparison to an existing success story. In the tech bubble it was Broadcast.com, AOL, Netscape, etc. Today its, Uber, Twitter, Facebook, etc. 

To be fair, Cuban s blog post focuses on private tech companies as the area of the most absurd valuations today. That said, the attention to private valuations makes his very specific call-outs of public companies like TWTR stock and FB stock all the more notable.

When it comes to the TWTR stock price, I couldn t agree with Mark Cuban more. With Twitter being unprofitable and suffering embarrassing user growth numbers, I stand with InvestorPlace editor Jeff Reeves, who believes TWTR stock is dead money in 2015.

TWTR saw just a 1.4% quarter-over-quarter increase in its user base in the fourth quarter, marking the first time Twitter has lost to FB on that growth metric. And if that s not enough to scare investors away, Wall Street is valuing the company as if its growth prospects were meteoric; TWTR stock currently trades at nearly 60 times 2016 earnings estimates.

Of course, growth prospects can be meteoric when you ve only just swung into profitability (at least for adjusted earnings). For example, if you make $1 one year and $5 the next, congratulations, you grew earnings by 400%!

Twitter has proven that mobile can be a significant growth driver. But while Facebook has an incomparable trove of user data for advertisers to utilize to hyper-target consumers, I m not even sure that my dozens of Twitter followers are real. So Twitter still has a long way to go before anyone stops considering it on-the-bubble.

Mark Cuban may also have a point about FB stock, which, at more than 30 times forward earnings, isn t cheap. But it s popular enough, innovative enough, and ubiquitous enough to make me think twice about shorting Facebook stock.

Still, social media is a new and rapidly evolving area, and there s no telling how long FB and TWTR will remain popular. Instagram is now more popular than Twitter, with 300 million monthly active users. Those active users, by the way, tend to be very active, interacting with posts 18 times more than Facebook users. (Lucky for Facebook, it owns Instagram.)

So, are we in another tech bubble? Mark Cuban thinks so. And after looking at the valuations ascribed to today s leading social media stocks, I m inclined to agree.

As of this writing John Divine held no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Facebook exec, NBA team up to get men to 'lean in' for women SAN FRANCISCO (AP)   Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg has enlisted NBA stars LeBron James, Stephen Curry and some of the basketball league s other top players to convince more men to join the fight for women s rights at home and at work.

The players will deliver the message in public service announcements aired during NBA games on major TV networks over the next few months.

Sandberg is hoping to persuade men that they will be better off financially and emotionally if they take more responsibility for housework and child care, while also backing equal rights for women at work.

 Gender equality doesn t just benefit women, it benefits men in lots of ways,  Sandberg said in an interview with The Associated Press. Among other things, she believes most women are likely to have sex with their husbands or partners more frequently when they get more help at home   a phenomenon she has branded as  choreplay. 

The clips featuring the basketball stars are part of a partnership to be announced Thursday between the NBA and LeanIn.org, a nonprofit group Sandberg started two years ago with the publication of a best-selling book advising women on the steps they should take to ensure they get the same opportunities as men traditionally have.

The book,  Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead,  also urged men to do more to support the women and girls in their lives.

Sandberg, Facebook s second-highest ranking executive behind CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is counting on the NBA s appeal to connect with millions of sports-loving men who haven t read her book.

LeanIn.org is providing men with tips on how to help in brochures that will be available online as part of the campaign with the NBA.

Facebook is among a long list of major Silicon Valley companies with a dearth of women in engineering and other technical positions, where the best-paying jobs are found. Women hold just 15 to 20 percent of the technology jobs at Google, Apple, Facebook and Yahoo, according to company disclosures made during the past nine months.

 Certainly technology has an uphill battle to fight, but no industry has gotten to where it should be,  Sandberg said.  The only way anything really changes in society is when we have everyone in society pulling together. 

Several technology companies, including Facebook Inc., Google Inc., Yahoo Inc. and Microsoft Corp., are backing a campaign that will be punctuated with (hashtag) LeanInTogether. As part of its participation, Google will be promoting the cause Thursday on the main page of its heavily trafficked search engine.

The National Basketball Association has been running a separate league for women for nearly 20 years. Several WNBA players, including All-Stars Sue Bird and Skylar Diggins, appear in the public service announcement that also features the Golden State Warriors  Curry and the Cleveland Cavaliers  James, the players who got the most votes in the fan balloting for last month s NBA All-Star game.

The union representing the NBA players also elected a woman, Michele Roberts, as its executive director last year. Meanwhile, the San Antonio Spurs hired woman, former WNBA star Becky Hammon, as an assistant coach at the start of this season.

 The NBA is committed to creating a work environment that expects   and benefits from   gender equality,  NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said.

.

Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: 
2015-05-20
ClearStory Data Names Tim Howes as First CTO Big-data software company ClearStory Data Inc. has named long-time Silicon Valley technologist Dr. Timothy Howes as chief technology officer, the company told VentureWire.

Dr. Howes, who has a Ph.D. in computer science and engineering from the University of Michigan and is the author or co-author on six patents, has also held CTO positions at Netscape Communications Inc. (acquired by AOL Inc.), Opsware Inc. (acquired by Hewlett-Packard Co.), HP s enterprise software business and RockMelt Inc. (acquired by Yahoo Inc.).

Part of his attraction to ClearStory, whose software aggregates, harmonizes and presents both internal and external data for customers including Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Merck & Co. Inc., is its unusual approach to solving a big problem, he said. China's Alibaba Plans Posh Conference to Promote Women Entrepreneurship Attendees include Alibaba executives, many Chinese female executives, Jessica Alba and Arianna Huffington





Hangzhou, China's Dragon Hotel will host the event.





American news magnate Arianna Huffington (right) and actress-turned-entrepeneur Jessica Alba (left) will be in attendance. [Image Source: AP]

Internet companies aren't always known for creating a warm and receptive atmosphere for female coders, managers, and entrepeneurs. Yahoo Inc. ( YHOO landed in hot water after paying for lap dances for its employees at a corporate event back in 2009. Yet six years later it was outed cosponsoring a Game Developer's Conference (GDC) 2015 event with NVIDIA Corp. ( NVDA ) that featured exotic dancers . Many would argue that pay for sexual entertainment or favors for your event attendees isn't the most professional way to present your company -- but clearly some in the internet space see things a bit different.Some companies, however, are making a more concerted effort to welcome women into the workforce and to foster female entrepeneurship in the web development space. China's e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ( BABA ) is making one such statement by hosting a lavish conference targeting female business leaders later this week. The conference is aptly titled "The Global Conference on Women and Entrepreneurship."The event will run from May 20 to 21 at the Dragon Hotel in Hangzhou, China and is invitation only. Invitations are limited to roughly 500 seats and are reportedly quite exclusive. In addition to female electronics, web, and media business people, the event is expected to draw in female business leaders from related fields including art, fashion, and commerce.And while the event is expected to primarily draw Chinese female business leaders, including Liu Qing, female president of Didi Dache -- a smartphone taxi app startup. While the focus will be on Chinese female executives, a number of female entrepeneurs and professionals have been invited from the U.S. and other nations. The guest list including actress Jessica Alba and media magnate Arianna Huffington. (No word on whether Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer plans to attend.)In Silicon Valley many top firms only see women comprising a small fraction of their work force . Twitter Inc. ( TWTR ) has only 21 percent female employees. Others like Apple, Inc. ( AAPL ), Microsoft Corp. ( MSFT ), and Google Inc. ( GOOG have a bit more diversity with 28, 29, and 30 percent female demographics in their respective workforces.Alibaba's own corporate affairs executive Jennifer Kuperman helped plan the event and will be among those in attendance. She says that focusing on the oft-overlooked female tech worker will further Alibaba's position on the "global stage". She tells RE/Code:



Women have been such a core part of what makes us successful.





Alibaba Group cofounder Lucy Peng

( Plug/shout-out: DailyTech's own former superblogger, Tiffany Kaiser has gone on to work as a female software developer fueling startups in Silicon Valley (currently -- Autopilot HQ). Best wishes to Tiffany!)

She notes that over 50 percent of sellers on Alibaba's high traffic Taobao marketplace are women. Taobao is among the biggest foreign rivals to America ecommerce giants eBay, Inc. ( EBAY ) and Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ).Overall 35 percent of Alibaba employees are women. And of its eighteen cofounders, six are female. Many of those cofounders will be attending the event, including co-founder Lucy Peng. Also on hand will be Alibaba's female CFO Maggie Wu.Alibaba for years saw quiet success and was an oft-rumored IPO target at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) while trading last decade on the Hong Kong stock exchange under different ticker symbols. Last year it finally made its NYSE IPO debut, raising an impressive $21.8B USD. The company currently has a market cap of $217.4B USD, making it one of the world's most valuable and coveted companies. US Stocks Little Changed Amid Airlines Selloff, Fed Patience U.S. stocks closed little changed, with the Standard & Poor s 500 Index slipping for a second day, as a selloff in airlines offset Federal Reserve meeting minutes that showed officials in no hurry to raise interest rates.

Southwest Airlines Co. fell to a six-month low to pace a drop among air carriers. Lowe s Cos. slid 4.6 percent after reporting first-quarter profit that trailed analysts  estimates. Yahoo! Inc. climbed 4.4 percent after affirming plans to spin off a stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Cablevision Systems Corp. jumped 18 percent amid cable industry deal speculation.

The S&P 500 Index fell 0.1 percent to 2,125.85 at 4 p.m. in New York, after briefly climbing above its all-time high. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 26.99 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,285.40 after closing Tuesday at a record. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose less than 0.1 percent. About 5.8 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, 9.6 percent below the three-month average.

 While the Fed continues to be data-dependent, they re pushing back the timeline to later this year,  said Eric Wiegand, a senior portfolio manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in New York.  June is off the table.   Clarity is going to come in bits and pieces in further labor data and second-quarter earnings.  

Fed officials last month didn t expect to raise rates at their June meeting even as they concluded that a first-quarter economic slowdown was unlikely to persist, the meeting minutes showed. A   few   members said they anticipated the economy would be ready for a June liftoff.

Weak Inflation

In its April statement, Fed policy makers said the economy slowed partly reflecting   transitory factors,   and that it expected growth at a   moderate pace.   Since the meeting, payrolls figures have improved, while weaker-than-forecast data on manufacturing and retail sales prompted economists to mark down projections for second-quarter economic growth.

Chicago Fed President Charles Evans on Monday repeated his call to hold interest rates near zero until early 2016 and raise them only gradually thereafter, because inflation is still too far below the Fed s goal.

The Fed has been struggling with raising rates as inflation remains tepid even as the job market has strengthened. A report on Friday is forecast to show consumer prices grew by 1.7 percent on a year-over-year basis, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists. The Fed s target is 2 percent.

Gaging Growth

  It s still difficult to understand by how much U.S. growth is really picking up,  said Ros Price, the chief investment strategist at Seven Investment Management in London.  The Fed won t have enough data -- even by September. Economic reports have been quite poor, and then we get a number like yesterday showing a solid housing market. It wouldn t surprise me if we got a rate rise in December or even early next year. 

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

U.S. stocks held near their records yesterday as improving home-construction data bolstered speculation the economy will rebound from a weak winter. The S&P 500 has risen 1.9 percent this month. An increase in May would mark the index s first back-to-back gains in six months. The gauge still trails most developed-market equity benchmarks in 2015 as a rising dollar and disappointing economic data limited gains.

Most S&P 500 members have reported results this earnings season, and 71 percent surpassed profit estimates. More than half missed sales projections. Hewlett-Packard Co., Best Buy Co. Inc. and Deere & Co. are among companies due to release earnings this week.

Airlines Tumble

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index rose 0.2 percent to 12.88 The gauge, known as the VIX, fell 3.7 percent last week for its first weekly decline in three weeks.

Five of the S&P 500 s 10 main groups declined, with industrial companies weighed down the most by the slide in airline shares. Phone companies posted the best gains, after Altice SA s $9.1 billion deal to buy a 70 percent stake in Suddenlink Communications, the seventh-largest U.S. cable company.

A Bloomberg index of airline stocks lost 8 percent, the most since Oct. 2011, amid signs that a year of lower fuel costs has left them poised to ramp up competition for customers with cut-rate fares and more routes.

Southwest Airlines Co. tumbled 9.1 percent after the carrier yesterday forecast its passenger unit revenue will fall 3 percent in the second quarter, and also said fuel costs in the period will be higher than what it predicted in an earnings call April 23.

JetBlue Airways Corp. slid 6.9 percent, while United Continental Holdings Inc. and American Airlines Group Inc. fell 10 percent. The Dow Jones Transportation Average lost 2 percent, the biggest retreat in two months, to the lowest level since Oct. 23.

Cable Companies

JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc. sank at least 0.7 percent and Bank of America Corp. was little changed after JPMorgan and Citi agreed to plead guilty to charges tied to a currency-rigging probe and pay hundreds of millions of dollars in fines. The Fed fined Bank of America $205 million.

Bank shares in the S&P 500 declined from a seven-year high as Treasury yields retreated for the first time this week. Fifth Third Bancorp and SunTrust Banks Inc. lost more than 1.4 percent after Robert W. Baird & Co. analyst David George downgraded their shares.

Etsy Inc. plunged 18 percent. The online marketplace for hand-crafted goods said in its first earnings report as a public company that the strong dollar ate into first-quarter revenue.

Cablevision Systems Corp. soared 18 percent to its highest since 2011 on speculation that an agreement by Europe s Altice to acquire control of Suddenlink may spur more deals in the cable industry.

Time Warner Cable Inc. climbed 5.4 percent to a record. The company, whose merger with Comcast Corp. was called off last month, has received a takeover approach from Altice, a person with knowledge of the matter said.

Yahoo Rebound

Hormel Foods Corp. jumped 4.2 percent, the most since August, after its quarterly profit exceeded analysts  forecasts while revenue missed.

Yahoo added 4.4 percent after falling 7.6 percent Tuesday on concerns that Internal Revenue Service changes would affect efforts to exit from Alibaba. Potential changes to the tax-free treatment of spinoffs shouldn t affect previously filed requests, the Web portal said in an e-mailed statement.

Endo Pharmaceuticals Plc led the health-care group higher, extending a rebound after a 5.4 percent drop Monday on its Par Pharmaceutical Holdings Inc. buyout. Shares rose 3.2 percent after climbing 2.8 percent yesterday, Endo s best two-day gain since January. 
2015-01-28
Snapchat Discover hosts original video from CNN, Vice and ... AT&T? Snapchat Inc. is getting its own superhero series, the latest sign that the ephemeral-messaging startup is becoming an attractive destination for entertainment companies.

AT&T Inc. and two online studios, Astronauts Wanted and Fullscreen Inc., are collaborating on  SnapperHero,  in which celebrities from YouTube and Vine play superheroes in short clips. Snapchat isn t making the series   like Google Inc. s YouTube, it hosts the creations of its contributors, and the posts will show up in user feeds like everything else.

 SnapperHero  is the latest example of the entertainment industry s growing fascination with Snapchat, maker of the app, popular among teenagers, that lets users send photos that disappear within seconds after they re viewed. The Los Angeles  based company, valued at $10-billion in its latest fundraising, on Tuesday announced a new feature that will highlight videos from partners such as Time Warner Inc. s CNN and Yahoo News.

While CNN and Yahoo will offer news,  SnapperHero  will be the first scripted series created specifically for the app, its producers say.

 This is a big push for us to try and use the platform in a way that it hasn t been used before,  producer Billy Parks said.  It s learning how to use Snapchat to tell a story. 

Jill Hazelbaker, a spokeswoman for Snapchat, declined to comment because she was unfamiliar with  SnapperHero. 

YouTube stars have been making their way to other social-media platforms, including Vine, the Twitter Inc.-owned short-video site, and Snapchat.

Previous Partnership For  SnapperHero,  there will be 12 installments each of 100 to 200 seconds. On Wednesday, YouTube personalities Anna Akana, Freddie Wong and others will start promoting the series, which will start later and run through March. Each episode will disappear after a set amount of time.

The Snapchat-based series grew out of a previous partnership between producer Parks and Dallas-based AT&T on the show  @SummerBreak,  a reality series viewed only on social  media platforms like Vine and YouTube.

They used Snapchat to offer behind-the-scenes footage from production of the second season, which followed students at a couple of Southern California high schools.

 We went through the  @SummerBreak  results and we were blown away by the engagement we saw,  Liz Nixon, AT&T s engagement marketing director, said in an interview.

Fullscreen, which along with Astronauts Wanted will produce the videos, is majority owned by Otter Media, a venture between AT&T and Chernin Group, run by former News Corp. executive Peter Chernin.

As with  @SummerBreak,  fans will have a big role in the telling of the story. The show s stars will use social media to engage with followers before, during and after the production.

Over the next week Akana, a comedic actress, and Wong, a filmmaker with a fanboy following, will ask their large followings across Facebook, Twitter and other social platforms to help determine their superhero identities, costumes and origin stories. Wong has more than 7.4 million subscribers on YouTube; Akana has more than 1.1 million.

Snapchat, which says it processes more than 700 million disappearing photos per day, has formed video partnerships of its own. CNN, Vice, Cosmopolitan, The Daily Mail, Bleacher Report, Walt Disney Co. s ESPN and Yahoo Inc. are among the participants in its Discover feature announced on Tuesday.

CNN s channel will be sponsored by BMW North America, according to a spokesman for the news network, which has assembled a team to produce five stories a day. They will begin with an arresting first image   bold text and font   and then offer text or a longer video.

 Nobody knows what will work on this platform yet because so much hasn t been tried,  Andrew Morse, senior vice president at CNN in charge of digital editorial efforts.  Organizations need to be willing to try and fail. 

Report Typo/Error Reading -- and thinking -- about memory It s been an interesting week for reading about memory. First, there was Jill Lepore s terrific piece in the New Yorker about the Internet Archive, which is, perhaps, my favorite destination on the Web. Then, Wednesday morning came an essay at Ploughshares by Megan Mayhew Bergman called  The Writer as Collector,  which examines what Walter Benjamin once called  our mysterious relationship to ownership. 

 It doesn t take a philosopher-king,  Bergman observes,  to determine that people are compelled to line their nests with stuff   items that may be valuable but useless, items that reflect our individual aesthetic, transport us, and speak to poetic possibilities. We are often thinking not just about what we have been, but about who we might become. 

Memory, then, is not just a signifier of the past but also of the future, a way of looking backward and forward at once.

The Web, of course, promises to be a receptacle for everything   every loose thought or image, every impulse, every recollection, all the loose stuff that we ve ever seen or heard.

I think of Nathanael West, who in his 1939 novel  The Day of the Locust,  describes a studio backlot as  the final dumping ground. He thought of Janvier s  Sargasso Sea.  Just as that imaginary body of water was a history of civilization in the form of a marine junkyard, the studio lot was one in the form of a dream dump. A Sargasso of the imagination! And the dump grew continually, for there wasn t a dream afloat somewhere that wouldn t sooner or later turn up on it, having first been made photographic by plaster, canvas, lath, and paint. Many boats sink and never reach the Sargasso, but no dream ever entirely disappears. 

I once imagined this as a perfect metaphor for the Internet, with its blind alleys and endless storage, a dream dump in the most fundamental sense. More accurate now, I think, is Lepore s description of it as existing  in a never-ending present. It is   elementally   ethereal, ephemeral, unstable, and unreliable. 

Part of the issue, she argues, is link rot, deletions, corporate reconfigurations: all the enemies of memory. Despite our belief that  stuff on the Web lasts forever, for better and frequently for worse: the embarrassing photograph, the regretted blog,  the truth is very different.  The average life of a Web page,  Lepore writes,  is about a hundred days. 

On the one hand, this is due to our obsession with speed, with reacting, immediately, to everything, even if we haven t had a chance to think it out. Even more, it is a matter of overload, our inability to keep track.

Twitter, Lepore points out,  has arranged to archive all of its tweets at the Library of Congress    but if that seems an antidote to the problem of erasure, it raises its own set of issues   as in, who would want to wade through it all? Most days, it s all I can do to dig down a couple of screens in my own feed, so full is it of come-ons and self-congratulatory look-at-me. Do we really need to hang on to any (or all) of it? How much do we care?

Were this any other medium, we would take that for granted. It s what Bergman is describing: a kind of mnemonic selectivity. For her, the detritus she gathers    [q]uilts, jadeite bowls, glass bottles, chairs worthy of a napping cat and a writer working with a baby asleep on her shoulder    becomes a strategy for marking not only aesthetics, but also identity.

 I do not find it unusual,  she explains,  that many writers I know acquire vintage clothes, buy old homes, and rescue animals.   Our job, after all, is to make up lives, engage in epic games of pretend. 

And yet the Internet also promises to function as a memory (albeit a collective one, some sort of externalized Jungian unconscious), even if that promise is illusory.

At heart, I think, this makes for a tension between personal and (let s call it) social recollection, what matters to us internally and what the culture will bear. This has long been the tension of the Internet or, more broadly, the digital realm.

Increasingly, we give our memory over to machines, to our belief that they are infallible, that the grid will not go down. Consider our panic when we can t get online, when Facebook freezes, as it did on Monday, when what we expect   the externalization of the personal   is not accessible as we demand.

I no longer remember (nor even try to) phone numbers, addresses, bits of quotation, song lyrics, because I no longer have the need. Or at least, that is my faith. I can look them up or tell my machines to do it for me; I have outsourced that aspect of my memory.

Still, if Lepore or Bergman s pieces have anything to tell us, it s that memory, and what we do with it, remains an idiosyncratic thing.

 I want to believe,  Bergman writes,  that you can look at my hand-painted trays, second-hand china, ikat tablecloths, goats in dog collars, and the spaniel with an underbite hunting rabbits in my backyard, and know something about who I am. Who I think I am, now, as a writer, mother, and farmer. 

Who I think I am   yes, exactly. Memory as an essential, perhaps the most essential, component of personality   even, or especially, as it fades.

Twitter: @davidulin Yahoo co-founder David Filo is $75 million richer today NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- The biggest beneficiary of Yahoo's YHOO, +0.15% plan to boost shareholder value by spinning off its stake in Alibaba BABA, -0.38% is the Internet company's co-founder and Chief Yahoo David Filo. Based on his holdings -- 70,761,390 shares, or 7.5% of the shares outstanding, according to FactSet data -- and with the stock up $1.06, or 2.2% in morning trade Wednesday, Filo is $75 million richer today than he was yesterday. Yahoo chief executive officer Marissa Mayer's 2,259,081 shares -- she is the 64th largest shareholder -- are worth $2.4 million more today. Google nets most unique visitors in December ComScore s top 50 Media Metrix numbers for December shows Google with a commanding lead   238.3 million unique visitors across all platforms, ahead of No. 2 Yahoo!, with 216.2 million uniques.

Facebook was No. 3 with 207.1 million uniques in the month, followed by AOL with 198.6 million.

The top 10 was rounded out by: Amazon (181.1 million); Microsoft sites (168.4 million); Mode Media, formerly Glam Media (144.7 million); CBS Interactive (137.1 million); NBCUniversal (135.8 million); and, Apple (134.8 million).

In the publishing world, Gannett s sites hauled in 105.2 million, good for No. 14 and Time Inc. sites landed at No. 17, with 90.8 million   just ahead of Twitter s 90.7 million.

Hearst attracted 79.7 million, good for No. 23, one place in front of Cond  Digital and its 77.3 million.

BuzzFeed finished the month at No. 26 with 76.8 million and Gawker Media was No. 40 with 58.8 million uniques. 
2015-02-07
Tumblr Ad Executive Stepping Down as Yahoo Combines Teams Chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc., Marissa Mayer has come under growing pressure from some investors, including Starboard Value LP, to show better results from her investments, including Tumblr, her largest.

Lee Brown, global head of brand partnerships at Yahoo! Inc. s Tumblr, is stepping down amid a move to fold the blogging service s advertising team into the parent s.

The company confirmed the move in an e-mailed statement without elaborating. Yahoo acquired Tumblr for about $1 billion in 2013.

 We are aligning the Yahoo and Tumblr sales teams,  the company said.  We re proud of the strong momentum at Tumblr and we believe bringing the sales teams together will enable us to further deliver the ad solutions that maximize value for our advertisers and best meet their needs. 

Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer is using Tumblr as a key part of her social strategy to attract users and bolster revenue as she depends on new businesses to drive expansion. The unit is set to deliver more than $100 million this year in revenue, the company said last year.

Brown joined Tumblr in 2012 after almost two years at Groupon Inc., the online deals company, according to his LinkedIn profile. Prior to that he held leadership positions in advertising at Yahoo.

Mayer, trying to drive a turnaround since her arrival in 2012, has come under growing pressure from some investors, including Starboard Value LP, to show better results from her investments, including Tumblr, her largest. Last month, the company forecast sales, minus revenue passed onto partners, for the first quarter that fell short of analysts  estimates.

Mayer said the company has held the line at about 12,500 employees even as the company has added new companies through acquisitions. Tumblr had almost 200 workers when it was folded into Yahoo. Core Yahoo! patent focus on search engines, social networks and fantasy sports Headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is a multinational corporation focused on delivering Internet and media services to online consumers. Its various web services include social media, news, search engine, online mapping, group forums and a question answering service.

The research and development activities of this corporation have been the topic of much discussion since the July 2012 appointment of former Google executive Marissa Mayer as Yahoo! s president and CEO. Many have speculated that the move might be a harbinger of open innovation practices at Yahoo!, even though some commentators have argued that open innovation may prove to be too unfocused to support business success for Yahoo! Between July 2011 and July 2014, Yahoo! had expenditures of 17.8 as a percent of sales on R&D while experiencing a stock growth of 85 percent over the same time period. Areas of research focus at Yahoo! Labs include computational advertising, machine learning and web mining innovations. Reports in October of last year indicated that Google acquired a total of 55 of Yahoo! s patents in mapping, online search and other digital technologies.

In 2013, Yahoo! had already engaged in a sizable sale of patents from its portfolio to Alibaba which earned the company $70 million. More recently, however, Yahoo! has been dealing with a series of ups and downs as it attempts to divest itself of its holdings in the Chinese e-commerce company, in which Yahoo! held a $39 billion stake. The tax-free move will save Yahoo! shareholders about $16 billion, which sent stock prices up by eight percent shortly after the announcement of the deal in late January. However, poorly performing Alibaba stock caused Yahoo! shares to lose those gains, and then some, within just a few days.

The 2014 patenting activities of Yahoo! did not land it among the top 50 U.S. patent grant recipients, as determined by IFI Claims. In 2013, the company placed 113th overall with a total of 312 U.S. patents granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

Our research using the Innography patent analytics search tools shows a total of 303 U.S. patent grants during 2014; the text cluster diagram (shown right) gives us a quick glimpse into those patents, not surprisingly showing that much of Yahoo! s patent activity was focused on search engine services, especially in selected searches and search result pages. User devices, user interfaces and social networking also represented an important focus for Yahoo! in 2014.

Yahoo! s Issued Patents: Fantasy Sports, Dynamic Social Networking and Search Engine Tech

A pair of patents that we wanted to share today protect technologies which support highly effective search engines. A system for reducing frustration in search engine users by providing more personalized responses to search queries is at the center of U.S. Patent No. 8903845, entitled Systems and Methods for Providing Search Assistance Technologies Based on User Self-Efficacy and Search Frustration. The method protected here involves receiving a search query from a user, calculating both the user s search self-efficacy as well as the level of frustration with the current information task, identifying a plurality of search assistance applications associated with a search self-efficacy and frustration level and determining if those applications are available to assist a user. This system is configured to provide suggestions on assisted search technologies in response to the determination that a user is becoming frustrated with a search process. Enhanced methods for displaying search engine result content on smaller mobile display screens is the focus of U.S. Patent No. 8923621, which is titled Finding Engaging Media With Initialized Explore-Exploit. The method claimed here involves creating probability distributions from a plurality of distinct images, the probability distributions generated by inputting a quantitative description of features associated with the plurality of images. These probability distributions provide a measure of engagingness for images that are conceptually related. The technology is intended to return search results that include relatively engaging data for images of less famous subjects which may not have the click-through data necessary to rank images using conventional methods.

More engaging systems for text messaging which utilize animated characters are disclosed and protected by U.S. Patent No. 8930463, issued under the title Super-Emoticons. This innovation is designed to produce an animated character with more sophisticated behaviors, such as interacting with textual elements, moving out of a fixed location within a message or exhibiting randomly selected behaviors. The patent claims a computer-implemented method of receiving a trigger string through a text input interface provided by a messaging client that causes the messaging client to generate an initial display of a string-triggered visual image.

More robust methods for determining the efficacy of online advertisements are featured within U.S. Patent No. 8935177, which is titled Method and System for Anonymous Measurement of Online Advertisement Using Offline Sales. This invention was pursued in order to address shortcomings in determining how online advertisements could affect the level of sales in brick and mortar establishments. The method claimed here involves maintaining a user data store for a plurality of users which stores personally identifiable information about corresponding users regarding their connection to an online advertisement campaign. The method further includes the generation of tokens for identifying a user s exposure to an online ad campaign and to identify transactions associated with the user using offline sale transaction data.

A dynamic method of social networking that presents information of interest to a person who visits another person s social media page is described within U.S. Patent No. 8914382, which is titled System and Method for Generation of a Dynamic Social Page. The patent protects a method of receiving a request from a second user of a social network to visit a page associated with a first user, accessing an interest profile of the second user containing data corresponding to types of content which the second user has interacted with, accessing a social networking profile of a first user and determining interest scores and content scores for both users which are within a similar category. This innovation provides a dynamic solution for providing the social media content of greatest interest to specific users who visit another user s social media profile.

Yahoo! is even earning patents in the sphere of online fantasy sports, as is evidenced by the recent issue of U.S. Patent No. 8876607, which is titled Visual Display of Fantasy Sports Team Starting Roster Data Trends. The apparatus of this invention includes a processor which executes program logic for statistics generation that determines a rendition of a plurality of statistics associated with at least one player on at least one team in an online fantasy sports game. This system is designed to enable fantasy sports service users to quickly make decisions regarding sports players on their roster by providing statistical information informing users of trends at a glance.

Patent Applications of Note: From Online Shopping Recommendations to Motion-Based Human Verification

A trio of patent applications filed by Yahoo! within the field of shopping and marketing which showcase a strong focus on developing retail technologies for businesses. Brick and mortar establishments will be able to follow through on competitor price matching programs more effectively thanks to the invention described within U.S. Patent Application No. 20140337116, which is titled Marketing Technique to Negotiate Price of Product. The method claimed here involves retrieving price guarantee policies from one or more sellers which include price guarantee limits for one or more time periods during which price guarantee rebates can be obtained, as well as generating and sending offer for sale information for commodities to one or more buyers. Through this system, a customer can redeem a rebate offered through a price guarantee program for a tangible good or service which is offered on a gift card. Improvements to online shopping experiences are the focus of U.S. Patent Application No. 20140358720, entitled Method and Apparatus to Build Flowcharts for E-Shopping Recommendations. The method that would be protected involves building an advisor flowchart with a plurality of nodes associated with user attributes and a ranking of products, and using the advisor flowchart to identify a set of product recommendations for a user. This innovation is designed to provide more guidance to online shoppers attempting to find the right product among an incredibly vast catalog of products available online. Marketing techniques that take advantage of peer influence among customers are explored within U.S. Patent Application No. 20150019474, which is titled Influence Maximization With Viral Product Design. The patent application would protect a method of using a feature-aware propagation model for identifying a seed set of users who are members of a social network for influencing other social network users as well as a product feature set for a product which is more likely to be adopted by users of a social network. This innovation is intended to provide businesses with a means for exploiting social networks to increase sales or brand awareness in a viral manner.

Other techniques for deriving more useful information from social networks about user relationships are discussed within U.S. Patent Application No. 20140337356, which is titled Identifying Communities Within a Social Network Based on Information Propagation Data. This innovation is intended to allow social network users and advertisers to more easily identify friendships among users, followers of a user or posts by a user. The method for identifying communities based on information propagation data claimed here includes receiving a social graph with nodes connected by relationships, receiving a number of communities to find within the social graph, receiving data regarding propagation of information between nodes, calculating the probability of a link between nodes based on the data and calculating a probability that media will be accessed by the second node based on the data.

Advertisers looking to associate their ads with viral content that is reaching a large number of Internet users is the focus of U.S. Patent Application No. 20140344281, which is titled System and Method for Measuring the Virality of Internet Content Using Indices. The system for measuring the virality of content items on a network that would be protected involves a publisher server for providing a page comprising a content item, a referral server for providing user remote access to the content item, an indexer for measuring the performance of a content item and a logic generator for displaying a visual element that provides a graphical representation of the index score. This particular innovation is intended to provide website providers and advertisers with greater tools to track and monitor trends in user access requests to content items.

More fantasy sports innovations were on display for us within U.S. Patent Application No. 20150005072, which is titled Fantasy Sports With Situational Substitutions of Players. The method that would be protected includes maintaining a personnel package comprised of fantasy sports players on a fantasy sports team; the package is associated with a specific situation that might happen in a real life sports game and is used to inform substitutions for players on a fantasy sports team if it s determined that the predetermined situation occurs in a real life game. This technique would enable fantasy sports team owners to accrue points based on how players perform in certain in-game situations, such as third-and-long or goal line situations in football games.

Finally, we were greatly intrigued in an authentication method that goes well beyond a typical CAPTCHA challenge-response test, outlined within U.S. Patent Application No. 20150007289, which is titled Motion-Based Human Verification System and Method. This method involves the selection of a challenge type for a human verification test, where the challenge types are pattern-based or image-based challenges, the determination of a challenge in accordance with a selected challenge type and the presentation of the challenge at a user device. This invention supports the use of unique human verification tests which may be more engaging to users, such as tracing a pattern in a three-dimensional space or completing a simple race car game. 
2015-03-16
Hulu, Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) In A Bidding War for Seinfeld Three big companies are engaged in a bidding war to acquire Sony Pictures Television s Seinfeld, which could become a master of the Internet domain. Hulu, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) were engaged in discussions to reach an understanding with Sony Pictures Television. Any agreement could allow reruns of the 1990 s hit to an online video service. The latest reports suggest that a deal is in the cards in the next few weeks.

Bidders

Of the three bidders: Hulu, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), it remains to be seen who will emerge as the winner with the rights to the classic NBC sitcom. Sony Pictures manages the distribution for Seinfeld, as well as Warner Brothers, presently. Any agreement with any of the three companies would also enable Sony to reap significant profits. It owns the production firm of Seinfeld, Castle Rock Entertainment. Incidentally, Sony s own streaming service, Crackle, already provides a small number of episodes of Seinfeld though not the full series.

Currently, Sony is seeking $500,000, or more, per episode. The entire series has about 180 episodes. Therefore, at the price of $500,000, the deal is likely to be valued at approximately $90 million. Reports indicate that the fee might be higher, considering that the series has been available on DVD for more than a decade.

Demand Exists

Streaming companies appear to believe that the demand for the 1990 s episodes still exists, and that they would be able to generate revenue. Reports pointed out the recent purchase of a complete series of Friends by Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Though there does not appear to be any confirmation of the price, reports suggested that there was a demand for $500,000 per episode there as well.

For quite some time, Seinfeld has been aired in HD. Therefore, there would not likely to be any extra work to be done from the technology point of view. It will be interesting to see how far these three companies, Hulu, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), will stretch themselves in their bid to win. Google Inc (GOOGL) Is Loosing Shares to Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Mozilla, the company that is behind the browser Firefox, decided on November not to renew its relationship with Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and decided to switch to a five-year deal with Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) as the default search engine in the browser which made Google suffer a great defeat, as reported in the Business Insider.

Since the no-renewal happened, the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) in the search market have grown from 8.6% in November to 10.6% today. Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has declined correspondingly. Just this February Google s market share dropped below 75% for the first time ever since 2008.

Even though Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) clearly remains as the market leader and given that the company s main income comes from search it s a little bit awkward what s been going on with the shares the company has been loosing to Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). The dropping shares are painful or the company but the long-term effects will be limited since only 12% of Americans use Firefox.

Google s discontent has become clear, the company has placed a big message requesting Firefox users to switch to Google as their default search engine as soon as they visit the site. This feature is happening only in Firefox when the default search engine is not Google, but it has not been happening in other browsers such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s Safari even when the default search engine is Yahoo!. So this could be interpreted as a clear and direct response to the decline.

There has been strong rumors that Apple might be considering taking Google out as the default on the iPhone s Safari browser. It has not been said what the company would use, either an in-house search engine or Yahoo! but if Apple decides to drop Google, that would be a significant loss for Google since there was a report that stated than more than half of all US mobile traffic came from Safari.

These rumors have precedent, in 2012 Apple replaced Google Maps with its own Apple Maps app and even though it came with a lot of bugs and it was terribly received by the users, the map data has been improving as the company has learned from its mistakes. But, if Apple decides to get rid of Google again, it has to ensure that the Maps fiasco won t repeat and that it has a chance of really competing with Google s search engine.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge funds  stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Yahoo says goodbye to passwords. Is it a good idea? On Sunday at SXSW, Yahoo ( yhoo ) unveiled a new login procedure that does away with the need for remembering passwords. It's a welcome advance for digital security, but no panacea.

In recent years, one of the most important developments in digital security has been two-factor authentication, which lets users prove their identity upon log-in by both knowing something (a password) and possessing something (a particular phone, to which the service provider sends a code).

Yahoo's new log-in mechanism, currently available only for U.S.-based users, is a logical extension and simplification of two-factor authentication. Since the password is no longer king, it's dispensed with in favor of relying solely on the "what you have" factor.

As people do tend to reuse passwords, and as truly-secure combinations of characters are hard to remember, evolving past the password is a welcome move. However, it does put a lot of emphasis on the handset itself as the modern identity card. If you lose your phone -- or if you lack the signal coverage needed to receive that all-important text message with the authentication code in it -- you're in trouble.

There also are issues around the use of such mechanisms   and indeed, two-factor authentication systems -- when you're travelling abroad. The cost of roaming mobile services can be high, and many people get local or roaming SIM cards in the countries they're visiting. As these are associated with different phone numbers, receiving the code for a Yahoo Mail login would mean reinserting one's domestic SIM card and paying a quarter to take the SMS.

Nonetheless, these potential pitfalls don't negate the benefits of moving past the password (which remains in place as an option, for now).

We'll probably see this new model really take hold when wearables like smartwatches become more widespread. Such devices are even more likely than phones to be permanently in hand, and their biometric sensors could be capable of verifying identity through fingerprint, pulse or voice. If battery life can be extended and some safeguards can be put in place for broken/stolen/lost wearables, their use as new-age keys seems inevitable.

Encryption Advance

Yahoo also showed off its progress in developing a simple way to encrypt and decrypt emails. Like with the company's new login procedure, it's a caveat-laden step in the right direction.

When it comes to usability issues, the difficulty of remembering strong passwords has nothing on the trickiness of using the end-to-end email encryption technology known as PGP, or "Pretty Good Privacy". For example, Edward Snowden confidant Glenn Greenwald almost missed the biggest story of his life because he couldn't figure out how to get PGP running

So there's a huge amount of interest in making PGP easier to use, particularly as it would let the big web firms off the hook when spies and law enforcement come knocking for the keys to their users' encrypted communications. If end-to-end encryption is in use, the keys reside with the users themselves and, much to the chagrin of British Prime Minister David Cameron, there's no other place to go if you want to decrypt those communications.

Google ( goog ) last year announced that it was working on a browser plugin that would allow Gmail-to-Gmail emails to be encrypted in this way. Yahoo came on-board in August, and on Sunday at SXSW showed off the progress it's been making on its own plugin, which is based on Google's work.

A video showed how the system would work once it rolls out by year-end, and Yahoo also quite smartly released the plugin's source code so that security professionals can poke around and hopefully give it greater credibility by launch. This early release of the code also will help other webmail providers create compatible encryption systems, so people can mask their communications with more correspondents.

This trend is not limited to the big U.S. providers. One week ago, the largest German webmail providers, including Deutsche Telekom and United Internet, announced their own browser plugin for end-to-end PGP encryption, developed in conjunction with an open-source project called Mailvelope. This is intended for use with the cross-provider De-Mail system   a government-led initiative to promote identity-verified email over paper for official purposes   but again it sees end-to-end encryption hit the mainstream through the use of relatively simple-to-use browser plugins.

All of this may result in greater privacy to a large extent, but it's important to realize that end-to-end email encryption has its limits. Today's email technology is inherently leaky   you can encrypt the contents of the message, but you can't encrypt the information about who is corresponding with whom and when. This metadata is in itself highly revealing and, until the next generation of email rolls around   perhaps the Dark Mail being developed by PGP creator Phil Zimmermann   no amount of encrypting the contents of an email will achieve full privacy for the correspondents.

David Meyer ( @superglaze ) is a technology writer based in Berlin, covering issues ranging from policy and privacy to emerging technologies and markets. 
2015-12-03
Yahoo Introduces The New Yahoo Messenger on Mobile, the Web and in Yahoo Mail SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today introduced a brand new Yahoo Messenger for mobile, the Web and in Yahoo Mail on the desktop. Yahoo Messenger makes sharing, unsending and liking messages, photos and animated GIFs easy and fast. Built on a new modern platform, it understands the relationship between contacts so adding people to group conversations is fast and simple.

 We re excited to introduce the next generation of Yahoo Messenger. It has long been one of our core products but it was time to redesign the product from the ground up and reinvest in one of the most important products in our history as a company,  said Jeff Bonforte, senior vice president of communication products and engineering at Yahoo.  The messaging space has grown dramatically, yet people ultimately want a fast and easy way to communicate with each other. The new Yahoo Messenger was designed first and foremost to meet those needs. This is just the beginning of what s to come. 

Fast, Easy Photo Sharing

Powered by Flickr s photo platform, instantly send hundreds of photos using the simple upload tool. The photos you share are displayed in a photo drawer that scrolls horizontally, so they can be viewed in the context of the conversation, without interrupting the flow of the conversation.

Animated GIF Search and Share

In a Yahoo Messenger conversation, it s easy to search and find the perfect GIF to send. Powered by Tumblr, there is a GIF button in the message box that opens a GIF search and also displays a collection of the top trending GIFs on Tumblr.

Unsend Messages, Photos and GIFs

Avoid potential embarrassment with the unsend feature. Simply tap on a message, photo or GIF and select  Unsend  to remove it from a conversation; not only from your view, but everyone else s too. No more sender s remorse!

Show Some Love With a  Like 

And, we all love getting props from our family and friends, so in Yahoo Messenger you can  like  a photo, message or GIF with a tap.

Convenience of Account Key

Yahoo Messenger desktop users (on the Web or in Yahoo Mail on the desktop) can also enjoy Account Key, which uses push notifications to provide fast and secure access to your account from the Yahoo Messenger mobile app. It frees you from memorizing complicated passwords, and makes signing-in as easy as tapping a button.

Availability

We re excited for you to try the next generation of Yahoo messaging! Yahoo Messenger is available globally today in the Apple App Store and Google Play as well as on the Web. Yahoo Messenger in Yahoo Mail on the desktop is rolling out globally starting today. The apps are English only but will be available in local languages soon.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) In Play: 'Hip' Blogging Site Tumblr Could Be Hidden Gem ... Yahoo is old and stale, some say. The Internet doesn t want banner ads, or any ads for that matter (what has been among the search giant s core business). But there may be something still hip about Yahoo: its social network and blogging site called Tumblr.

Tumblr, which has seen big user growth since Yahoo acquired it in 2013 for $1.1 billion, could be a cornerstone of any deal for the company s Internet business. Yahoo s board is currently meeting to weigh strategic options for the struggling company. Up for consideration: the fate of CEO Marissa Mayer; what to do with 384 million shares of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba; and whether to sell or spinoff Yahoo s core Internet businesses, which include search and display advertising services, the Yahoo.com portal and subsites, and Tumblr.

Tumblr wasn t Yahoo s first acquisition, nor its last. But unlike the startups the company has shuttered, such as Jybe, Sparq and Vizify, Tumblr lives on. It boasts 550 million monthly active users. That s up from the 300 million monthly actives Tumblr had in 2013. As to its worth now, analysts cannot quite peg it without certain statistics and financials that Yahoo hasn't broken out.

Photo: Fred DuFour/AFP/Getty Images

For comparison purposes, Instagram has 400 million monthly active users, up from the 30 million when Facebook purchased the app in 2012. Tumblr has more than Twitter, which last reported 320 monthly active users, and Pinterest, which has 100 million. Snapchat is estimated to have 200 million per month but prefers touting its more than 100 million daily active users.

Tumblr also has some super-engaged users to boast of. Active users spend, on average, 13 minutes, per session, on the mobile app. Kelly Meyers, a senior creative strategist at Code and Theory who has overseen Tumblr campaigns for companies, said that a brand advocate once told her that Tumblr users age 13 to 18 frequently complain of reaching their daily posting limit, pegged at 200 posts. Advertising materials from 2014 show average page depth and time spent per day far exceeding competitors:

Photo: Tumblr Inc.

Yet Tumblr, in large part, has often been left out of the conversation for brand campaigns and ad budgets.  Four years ago Tumblr was one of the first [names] that we would bring up to people,  said Gary Vaynerchuk, the head of digital creative agency VaynerMedia and an early investor in Tumblr.  I desperately want Tumblr to win, but we re too focused. There s too much going on Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram and Pinterest that Tumblr just falls out of the conversation." Vaynerchuk calls its "attention arbitrage." Meyers notes that some advertisers may not be as focused because they aren't on Tumblr themselves.

If Yahoo were to be chopped up, Tumblr could be on the table.  [Mayer] bought Tumblr in 2013 in a move designed to keep Yahoo's brand relevant with the next generation. Due to other hurdles, her vision has yet to be realized,  said Matthew Tuttle, CEO of Tuttle Tactical Management.

Tumblr could be a tough sell, however. "If push comes to shove, Tumblr can be sold off, but I would have to expect at much lower valuation. It is terribly hard to determine a proper valuation when the financials are not clear," Tuttle continued.

 It s difficult to know the state of Tumblr as an independent entity,  Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research Group, told International Business Times. In a research note, Wieser valued Yahoo s core business at $1.9 billion, not counting cash. As to suitors, he did not speculate on a particular name but noted interest could come from the telecom industry, a data and marketing service or a media company.

But Tumblr and its audience, described by several marketers as young trendsetters, could also be of interest "for brands, media and entertainment companies and advertising networks who target the demographic already, such as the Complex Media Network," Uri Weingarten, vice president of digital strategy at Red Tettemer O Connell + Partners, told IBT. Complex magazine, which focuses on youth culture, launched Complex Media in 2007 as a network of media sites. It now receives 42 million monthly page views and pitches itself as a the "premiere online destination for influential and stylish young men," according to Advertising Age.

Tumblr has what other networks strive to build: content, creativity and community.  A lot of social platforms are not inherently social anymore,  said Tom Edwards, chief digital officer at ad agency Epsilon.  The beauty of Tumblr is that it provides the open web on top of the community. 

The question comes to money. Tumblr may no longer be on Vaynerchuk s short list, but the desktop site and mobile app isn t without advertising. "I see at least one ad per session. It has a higher frequency than Instagram and has more ad products including ad distribution of Tumblr ads across Yahoo properties," Meyers, the senior creative strategist, wrote in an email. "Most marketers are not Tumblr users so they do not understand it."

Ari Levine, who heads new business at VaynerMedia, was hired at Tumblr as its first salesperson and brand strategist in 2012. Why Tumblr?  If you looked then at the social ecosystem, there aren t any platforms out there that allow full creativity. Tumblr had full flexibility,  Levine said.

The Trendsetter

Perhaps separation (physically with its own offices and by maintaining a core team) and the man who founded that community is what has fueled Tumblr s continued growth. It s difficult to say who exactly within Yahoo is running Tumblr now, but several marketers noted the brilliance of founder David Karp.  To the best of my knowledge, David Karp is in charge of Tumblr,  said Ari Levine, who worked at Tumblr from 2012 to 2014 before moving to VaynerMedia.  David very much is the face and the heart of Tumblr. 

Karp, 29, may no longer grace glossy magazine covers like Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel. But Karp hasn t left the network he founded at age 20. He has, however, been joined by others helping him lead the business. For example, in April, Simon Khalaf, formerly the CEO of Flurry, another Yahoo acquisition, was promoted to Yahoo s senior vice president of publishing products.

Photo: Kerry Flynn/International Business Times

In August, Khalaf presented at Yahoo s second mobile developers conference and explained what Yahoo, and Tumblr, had to offer.  Content is king,  he said.  You cannot ignore the millions of folks that are creating phenomenal thought pieces and cool content,  he later told IBT.

In 2012, Ari Levine took that narrative of creativity, along with statistics on engagements that he called  unreal,  in his conversation to get brands on Tumblr.  Before we could go to the media agencies to sell advertising, we had to go to every brand,  Levine said.

Companies did sign on. Edwards named recent campaigns from GameStop, Denny s and HBO s  Game Of Thrones.  On Tumblr s marketing website, the ad sales team shares case studies from Starbucks and Taco Bell. Even advertisers' shiny new object Snapchat runs its company s official blog on Tumblr.

But while the ads and the blogs exist, and they re evidently expanding, not every agency and company is jumping in to buy.  Pioneer brands have, and so have some of our clients. It hasn t gotten beyond test-and-learn with their ad products as they emerge, however,  Azher Ahmed, EVP and director of digital at DDB Chicago, wrote in an email.

Yahoo's Support?

Perhaps Tumblr needs time. Weingarten of Red Tettemer O Connell + Partners told IBT that since Yahoo s acquisition Tumblr has  slowly but surely  been building tools for mass advertising adoption.  However, it is still a far cry from the tools now available on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter,  Weingarten noted.

With Yahoo s support, Tumblr can integrate with the company s mobile analytics company Flurry and digital video ad company Brightroll. But Yahoo cannot offer such desired targeting like Facebook, a feature that Instagram now offers. In 2012, Karp spoke openly about his opposition to  little blue links  and "hyper-optimized models  from advertisers with  Mad Men aspirations,  The Drum reported.

And so Tumblr drums on. Spinoff or no spinoff, it s a social network with revenue and users. But attention is fleeting, for users, for marketers, for tech companies.  You have a college kid somewhere or a high school kid that might put something in the app store tomorrow that might take over the world,  Levine said.

Yahoo's board meetings continue through Friday. The company has not formally commented on its plans. Yahoo launches new social network-like Messenger Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% launched a new version of its traditional Messenger app on Thursday that integrates features from Flickr and Tumblr. Designed for group chats, the app lets users send hundreds of photos at once, which are stored in the cloud as opposed to on any one person's phone, though images can also be downloaded to mobile devices in full quality. The app also has social network-like features, letting people "unsend" messages, photos or GIFs, as well as "like" and comment on posts and pictures. The re-launch of Yahoo Messengers comes four months after Yahoo launched Livetext, a silent video-based chat app. 
2015-12-04
Yahoo Core Business Long/Short Opportunity Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) presents an asymmetric risk-reward situation with limited downside and the opportunity for significant price appreciation. On November 19th, activist investor Starboard Value wrote an open letter to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer asking the company to explore the sale of its core search engine business. Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that Yahoo's board was indeed exploring this possibility. Although its stock jumped up about 6%, Yahoo is still significantly undervalued.

If a sale of the core business does indeed occur (which is quite likely at the point), there is significant upside to its stock price. In the case that it does not, there is limited downside. The core business is already trading at a paltry multiple when conducting a sum-of-the parts analysis, and in a downside scenario, Yahoo's stock would at worst fall slightly. To best obtain exposure to this opportunity, purchase YHOO's stock while simultaneously shorting Alibaba's (NYSE:BABA) and Yahoo Japan's (ticker symbol TYO on the Tokyo Stock Exchange) in a proportion equal to Yahoo's stake in each.

Depending on the tax implications surrounding a potential spinoff of the company's stake in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, the market at worst assigns a negative value to the core business, and at best a very low EBITDA multiple. Even at its highest valuation, the core business is severely undervalued.

These calculations are taken from November 17th, and although Yahoo's stock price is a bit higher, the core business is still vastly undervalued. While this core business is not growing, it still throws off significant cash flow every year and will likely attract a great of deal interest from strategic buyers interested in expanding or gaining market share, in addition to private equity firms hungry to take advantage of reliable cash flow. Even a conservative 5x forward purchase multiple would represent a 100% premium to the market's current best-case core business valuation.

The event of a sale seems likely at this point. Shareholders have grown tired with CEO Marissa Mayer's inability to come up with an effective strategy for Yahoo's core business. She has received somewhat of a pass due to significant appreciation in Yahoo's stock price since she took over in 2012, but this is primarily due to the company's stake in Alibaba. Separate this to analyze her true performance managing the search engine business - it's not pretty. The choice to expand into costly ventures and undertake ill-advised acquisitions has destroyed shareholder value, and investors have had it. It is clear that management's approach has not worked, and a sale of the core business represents the best value proposition for current investors. Attempts to sell the search engine business were pushed by activists such as Carl Icahn in the past but never materialized. It is my view that a sale will occur this time around as investors as a whole have lost their patience.

While a sale seems likely and would provide tremendous upside to this investment opportunity, it is important to consider the event of a non-sale. Although this would not be ideal, it would certainly not be detrimental, as the market already values the core business at a deep discount. In addition, other avenues to unlock shareholder value exist. The removal of Ms. Mayer in favor of a more disciplined CEO and management team would prove beneficial, and of course, the core business could always be sold at a later date.

To take advantage of this investment opportunity, one needs to ensure that they are only exposed to the core business. Other posts have advocated the purchase of Yahoo's stock, but this leaves one subject to fluctuations in the stock of Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, both of which YHOO holds significant stakes in. Instead, purchase Yahoo's and short Alibaba's and Yahoo Japan's stock to gain exposure solely to YHOO's search engine business. If you seek a more aggressive investment strategy, lever up on this position or buy Yahoo calls while simultaneously selling calls on Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Marissa Mayer Runs Out of Time, Yahoo to Break Up Yahoo's board is considering whether to sell off its internet business -- the core of what it's been since the 1990s -- and find a way to maximize the value of its holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, according to a Wall Street Journal report. All that's left now is to raise the "going out of business sale" sign over the entrance to the company's headquarters.

It's still officially unconfirmed, but it wouldn't be surprising. Yahoo has been a disaster for a period spanning the tenures of co-founder Jerry Yang's second stint as CEO, Carol Bartz, Scott Thompson, and Mayer, and that doesn't count interim CEOs Tim Morse and Ross Levinsohn. That's a good eight-plus years now.

There have been plenty of attempts to revitalize the company, but everyone has run into the same basic problems. On one hand, it has boasted one of the largest amounts of traffic on the internet across all its properties. Yahoo has a highly recognizable brand. And yet, for too long, Yahoo has been a collection of services and activities rather than a unified concept. People might use Yahoo Mail or go to Yahoo Finance or some other specialty area, but they don't end up having relationships with the entire company.

As was true for her predecessors, Mayer came in facing this fundamental issue. But she, like the others, had to satisfy investors who wanted more revenue, not less. So most of the properties had to stay and more sources of revenue were added, which only increased the basic problem of a company that was cobbled together. It had all the weaknesses of a traditional conglomerate without any of the benefits.

Although some say that Mayer stabilized the company, it needed much more. Quarterly revenue has increased, but at this point is almost exactly what it was when she became CEO. Mayer tried to focus attention on emerging revenue streams that she called her Mavens strategy (for mobile, video, native, and social). But the growth she expected hasn't been enough ultimately to counter the fall in Yahoo's legacy business. And after more than three years on the job, investors expect a turnaround to really be taking hold.

Sometimes a company outlasts its initial concept. In fact, that happens far more frequently than many in business would like to think. The rate at which companies are bumped off the S&P 500, due to being acquired or significantly shrinking in size, has been accelerating and is on the order of 15 years. Yahoo is 20. At this point -- and, frankly, for a number of years (at least since Yang and the board turned down the absolute gift of Microsoft's $44.6 billion acquisition offer) -- it's time for a breakup. Maybe another company can make the pieces work better. Clearly Yahoo can't. Yahoo's Lack of Logged-In Users Has Hurt Its Ad Business Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and CFO Ken Goldman Credit: Marissa Mayer's Tumblr page

Most Popular

When GroupM Global Chief Digital Officer Rob Norman first met Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, she had finished a speech touting Yahoo as the place that, at that time, hundreds of millions of people a month go to do things like searching the web, checking email and catching up on news. That's a lot of people. But Mr. Norman was interested in how regularly those people are performing these so-called "daily habits" on Yahoo's properties.

"Whilst I understand there are a bazillion Yahoo Mail accounts, I'm interested to know how many are active, how many are people's principal email accounts," Mr. Norman said.

At its core, Mr. Norman's question is whether Yahoo is still a utility to a lot of people. Yahoo grew to its size because it was one of the original gateways to the internet. For many people who used its search engine, email service and news portal, Yahoo was the internet. And for advertisers Yahoo became an easy way to reach people on the internet. But Yahoo's utilities have been surpassed by similar products from Google and Facebook -- Google search; Gmail and Facebook Messenger; and the Facebook news feed, respectively -- and those companies have eaten into Yahoo's share of people's online attention.

Comparing ComScore's measurement of Yahoo's U.S. traffic in February 2013, the earliest available figures from comScore, against October 2015, overall traffic to Yahoo's sites has stagnated. And while search traffic has increased -- thanks in part to Yahoo's deal to be the default search engine on Mozilla's Firefox web browser -- the number of unique visitors to its home page and email service have declined, the latter historically being considered a big traffic driver for the former.

If Yahoo is no longer a must-use for as many people, then it's no longer a must-buy for advertisers. And that appears to be part of the reason why Yahoo's board this week is weighing whether its core business is still a must-have.

"The trouble for Yahoo is that no one is getting fired for not buying Yahoo," Mr. Norman said. He wasn't the only agency exec to say as much. Two others, who asked to remain anonymous to preserve business relationships, concurred .

"That's right: nobody gets fired for buying or not buying Yahoo," said one. "If you come to a client with a video plan and leave off YouTube or Facebook, someone will look at you like you're negligent. If you come with a plan for native but you left out Gemini [Yahoo's native-and-mobile-search ad marketplace], no one will bust your chops."

Visitors, not users

Yahoo doesn't appear to have users so much as it has visitors, and that's a big reason why it's in this predicament. Comparing ComScore's measurement of Yahoo's U.S. traffic in February 2013 against October 2015, the number of unique visitors to Yahoo Mail has declined by 16% to 71.7 million people. That decline and the stagnation in Yahoo's total traffic indicate that there may be a corresponding decline in visits by people who are logged in to a Yahoo account. That's a problem considering the direction that digital advertising is headed in.

Facebook can sell advertisers on its ability to place their ads in front of very specific audiences because it has collected a lot of data on its users and can connect that data to those individual users through their Facebook accounts. Yahoo has a harder time making that sell because not enough of the people who visit its properties are logged in to a Yahoo account.

"That's part of the reason why they've struggled to monetize at a faster pace in terms of their ad business," said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras.

Yahoo has "an enormous amount of overall impressions that aren't served to persistently logged-in users," which means its ability to connect people across its various properties for ad-targeting and measurement purposes is "severely compromised," Mr. Norman said.

Yahoo declined to comment or provide numbers on how many of its visitors are logged in.

Yahoo is still valuable to advertisers because of its audience's size. More than 1 billion people visit a Yahoo-owned property each month, according to the company. And Yahoo has the third-largest online footprint of any media company in the U.S., according to ComScore. But value is relative.

Yahoo is "a smart component of the [ad] buy, but it's rounding out an audience," said the second ad executive who asked to remain anonymous. "And you don't have the pinpoint targeting that you do on Facebook, so it's a broader buy, and broader buys tend to have lower [prices for every thousand times an ad is served]."

While Yahoo's logged-in user limitation has lowered its position in media buyers' consideration sets, all three of the agency execs Ad Age spoke with for this article said they think Yahoo is actually under-valued among marketers. Too many are so preoccupied with millennials that they ignore the notion that, in Mr. Norman's words, "for many people Yahoo is Middle America's internet."

"If Yahoo remains a scaled business that has the attention of whatever level of a substantial number of Americans, then I think the spend on Yahoo is under-indexed. And my guess is it is," Mr. Norman said. Google's Clean-Power Deal Shows Wind Farms Finding New Customers Renewable-energy developers are increasingly selling wind power straight to the users, tapping a new customer base as some traditional utility buyers are backing away.

Technology giants have led the way, including Google s deal Dec. 3 for 625 megawatts of U.S. wind power and Microsoft Corp. s biggest-ever wind deal Dec. 1. Other industries are following suit, with businesses, universities, government agencies and other non-utility buyers accounting for 32 percent of U.S. contracts this year through early November, according to the American Wind Energy Association, up from 5 percent for all of 2013.

Three parallel trends are driving the shift. Companies have realized that buying renewable energy from developers is often cheaper than getting power from their local utilities. At the same time, a growing number of utilities have met state renewable-energy mandates and are putting the brakes on new deals. Meanwhile, U.S. wind installations are expected to climb 76 percent this year.

 If utilities in Kansas don t need power right now, you as a developer either are forced to sit on the project for years or find a different class of buyer,  said Quayle Hodek, chief executive officer of Renewable Choice Energy, a Boulder, Colorado-based consultant that matches Fortune 500 companies with renewable energy projects looking to sell electricity.

New Market

That s opening up a new market for developers, which typically can t line up financing for new wind farms until they ve also lined up long-term buyers for the power.

Companies are creating  a new source of demand,  said Jacob Susman, CEO of OwnEnergy Inc., a New York-based developer of mid-sized wind farms that was acquired by Electricite de France SA in August. OwnEnergy s customers have included Yahoo! Inc. and Procter & Gamble Co.

Under these deals, a corporate buyer typically signs a long-term contract for the electricity with the developer. The power is delivered through the local grid; rarely is there a direct transmission line from the wind farm itself.

Stability, Savings

For businesses, these contracts provide two main advantages: price and predictability.

 Day one, we re going to be saving 10 percent over what we re paying today,  said Rame Hemstreet, chief energy officer at Kaiser Permanente, which has a contract to buy 153 megawatts of wind and solar capacity from NextEra Energy Inc.

Not only are prices lower, they re often locked in by years-long power-purchase deals.

 We don t have to wonder what our power prices will be for 20 years,  Rick Needham, Google s director of green business operations, said in an interview.

While companies are keen to help the environment, it must first make economic sense, said Hodek.

 This is not just for the environment -- this can be something to provide long-term cost stability,  he said.  Companies are saying,  What am I missing out on? Let s do this,    he said.

Utility Demand

At the same time, demand from some utilities is slowing.

Most states are on track to meet renewable portfolio standards, policies that require utilities to source a certain percentage of their power from clean sources, and five already have, according to Susan Sloan, vice president of state policy at AWEA.

That s not slowing wind installations, which are expected to reach 9 gigawatts this year in the U.S., up from 5.1 gigawatts in 2014, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. That means more developers than ever are seeking power-purchase agreements.

 There s a shortage of PPAs in part because there s never been so much power under development,  said Amy Grace, North American wind analyst with New Energy Finance.

Data Centers

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Technology companies including Google were some of the first movers, often to run power-hungry data centers. The Alphabet Inc. company has signed deals for about 2 gigawatts of clean energy worldwide since 2010. Including the five contracts the company announced Dec. 3, it has deals for more than 1.3 gigawatts of wind power in the U.S and Sweden. Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. have also made significant purchases of clean energy.

That s spreading to other other industries.

 The trend is extending beyond tech companies, which are the usual adopters,  said Hannah Hunt, a research analyst at AWEA. Non-utility buyers have purchased more than 800 megawatts of wind power this year.

Owens Corning, a supplier of building materials and other industrial products, announced Nov. 13 a deal to purchase 125 megawatts from a wind farm under development in Texas. Dow Chemical Co., the U.S. General Services Administration, and Ohio State University have also struck deals to buy wind power from developers instead of utilities.

 The market is a lot smaller without non-utility customers,  Travis Bryan, chief operating officer at Seattle-based developer OneEnergy Renewables, said in an e-mail.  In certain markets like New York and Massachusetts, non-utility customers have been absolutely critical and will likely continue to remain so going forward.  
2015-01-20
Starboard urges Staples merger with Office Depot Activist investment firm Starboard Value LP called for a merger between office supply companies Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. in a letter Tuesday.

The investor bought a stake in Staples and increased its investment in Office Depot last month, fueling speculation that the firm would push for a merger.

The two companies can double their operating profits and better compete with online retailers if they merge, Starboard managing member Jeffrey C. Smith said in the letter addressed to Staples Chief Executive Ronald L. Sargent.

"We have met with and spoken to a number of large Staples shareholders and Wall Street research analysts who strongly, and without exception, corroborate our view that this merger makes too much sense to ignore," Smith said in the letter.

Smith urged Sargent to retain an investment bank and legal advisors to explore the merger.

If the company does not pursue a merger, Smith warned, "it would be a clear sign that significant leadership change is needed at Staples."

Starboard Value holds a 5.1% stake in Staples and a 9.9% stake in Office Depot, according to regulatory fillings from Dec. 10.

Shares of both companies climbed after Starboard announced its increased stakes, but the shares fell Tuesday. In midday trading, Staples fell 5.36% to $16.42 while Office Depot fell 4.29% to $7.68.

Starboard Value has taken on a more vocal role as an activist investor recently: Smith wrote to Yahoo Inc. Chief Executive Marissa Mayer earlier this month urging a merger with AOL Inc.

In October Starboard convinced shareholders to replace the board of Darden Restaurants, the owner of Olive Garden and other chain restaurants, with Starboard appointees.

Office Depot previously merged with competitor OfficeMax in 2013.

Follow @jpanzar Netflix Beats Forecast for Subscriber Growth in Quarter Netflix Inc. s $9.5 billion drive to dominate video streaming worldwide is paying off.

Investors sent the shares up as much as 16 percent after the Los Gatos, California-based company said it will profitably reach all 200 of the countries that have broadband Internet service within two years.

 We then intend to generate material global profits from 2017 onwards,  Chief Executive Officer Reed Hastings and his finance chief, David Wells, said today on the company s website.

The outlook reassured investors who have expressed concerns about the company s narrow margins, widening international losses and a budget for films and TV shows that s swollen to $9.5 billion from $7.3 billion in the past year.

Netflix rose 15 percent to $404.01 in extended trading. It reached as high as $405.70 following fourth-quarter results that included better-than-predicted subscriber growth. The stock gained 3.4 percent to $348.80 at the close in New York.

International subscriber growth outstripped gains in the U.S. for the third straight quarter, as Hastings raced to plant his flag before other would-be competitors. Users outside the U.S. expanded by a record 2.43 million in the fourth quarter, reaching 18.3 million.

Netflix expects to add another 2.25 million international customers this quarter. It already has more than 5 million users in Latin America, the most detailed number Netflix has given regarding international subscribers.

The company didn t say which countries are up next after Australia and New Zealand, where the streaming service debuts in March. Unexplored territories with fast Internet service include China, Japan, Spain and South Korea.

Fourth Quarter

 Every country but North Korea,  Hastings said in an interview.  Under U.S. law, we re still blocked there. 

Licensing issues may inhibit Netflix s expansion into China, he said. The company is exploring its options, and any investment will be modest.

Fourth-quarter revenue rose 26 percent to $1.48 billion, compared with analysts  predictions of $1.49 billion. Net income almost doubled to $83.4 million, or $1.35 cents a share, aided by a tax benefit, Netflix said on its website.

Domestically, the company added 1.9 million new customers to reach 39.1 million, compared with the 1.85 million predicted. That brought the worldwide total to 57.4 million.

This quarter, Netflix forecasts 1.8 million new U.S. customers. Profit will be $37 million, or 60 cents a share.

New Markets

As Netflix expands into new markets, it will be offering more original programming than ever. The company plans 320 hours of original series, new and returning, films, documentaries and stand-up comedy specials this year. That s triple what was offered in 2014, the statement said.

Those programs including holdovers such as  House of Cards  and new shows like Tina Fey s  The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. 

Netflix s deal for the Batman-inspired TV show  Gotham  tested the cost of global rights to premium content, Hastings said. The company acquired worldwide rights to the show in its second window, after it leaves the air, and paid $1.75 million an episode in the U.S., according to Deadline.com.

The company faces competition for new television shows and creative talent from broadcast networks and cable channels, as well as newer players like Amazon.com Inc., Hulu and Yahoo Inc. Amazon just won two Golden Globes for its show  Transparent,  and signed a deal with filmmaker Woody Allen.

HBO vs. Showtime

Hastings compared his company s growing rivalry with Amazon to the competition between Time Warner Inc. s HBO and CBS Corp. s Showtime. Netflix is HBO, in his estimation.

 When Showtime has a hot hand it increases their subscribers, but it doesn t decrease HBO s,  Hastings said.

Both Wells and Hastings said the average subscription price would continue to rise, and that prices don t have to be the same in all new markets.

To support its programming efforts, Netflix plans to borrow at least $1 billion. The company s has committed to spending $9.5 billion on programming.

 They are acknowledging reality and the right thing to do, which is lock in the money while it s cheap and sprint as quickly as they can to build scale internationally,  Barton Crockett, an analyst with FBR Capital Markets, said in an interview.  It s generally a good time to borrow.  AOL Said to Consider Shutting Down Websites as Focus Shifts AOL Inc., the owner of the Huffington Post, TechCrunch and Engadget, is considering closing some websites, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, a move that could make the company more attractive to a potential suitor.

The Web portal is looking to close underperforming sites and move resources to other AOL-owned properties that are performing better, the person said, without specifying which sites are being considered for shutdown.

Shifting resources could help make AOL a more enticing takeover target for companies that are interested in AOL s prowess in advertising technology and online video. Verizon Communications Inc. has explored a potential acquisition or joint venture with AOL and is primarily interested in its ad technology and video products, Bloomberg reported this month.

In addition, activist investor Starboard Value LP increased pressure on Yahoo Inc. this month to explore a combination with AOL.

AOL has sought to become a key player in programmatic advertising, or the automated buying and selling of ads online. TechCrunch reported Monday its parent company is preparing to fire staff and  close or fold up  sites to simplify its focus on advertising technology, while adding that the information didn t come directly from the company.

Simplifying Brands

A spokesman for New York-based AOL didn t respond to messages left by phone or e-mail on Tuesday.

In 2011, AOL folded many of its websites into the Huffington Post, and Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong has recently talked about further cutting the number of properties the company owns. During a conference call to discuss earnings in November, Armstrong said part of his strategy in 2015 will be  simplifying the portfolio of brands. 

While traffic to many AOL-owned websites has risen over the past year, some have grown faster than others, and some have declined in recent months.

The number of visitors to AOL s largest site, the Huffington Post, rose 21 percent to about 118 million in December from about 98 million a year earlier, according to researcher ComScore. The number of visitors to Stylelist, a fashion and beauty site, was up 17 percent to 4.1 million in December from a year earlier, but down 37 percent since August, ComScore said. 
2015-10-23
Yahoo's $17 Million Bet on NFL Streaming Gets Tested Sunday When the Jacksonville Jaguars and Buffalo Bills face off this Sunday, perhaps only their loyal fans will care about the score.

The rest will be watching to see if Yahoo! Inc. makes a compelling case that football can be just as good online as it is on TV. The company paid about $17 million for the rights to stream the game around the world from London at 9:30 a.m. New York time, according to a person familiar with the terms. By comparison, CBS paid about $37.5 million per game in its one-year deal to broadcast the National Football League on Thursday nights.

Still, why pay so much for a stakes-free matchup between two lackluster teams at an odd hour? Yahoo will play the game big across its various Web properties with video that automatically starts when visitors land on one of its sites, according to two people who requested not to be named because the plans are private. Yahoo has something to prove, namely that it can successfully stream the nation s most popular sport to a global audience without the delays and disruptions that have come to characterize so much of live online viewing.

Last June, for instance, ESPN s online stream of a World Cup match crashed, a problem the network attributed to excessive traffic. In April, an outage prevented subscribers to Dish Network Corp. s Sling TV, which offers nearly two-dozen channels via the Web for $20 a month, from watching college basketball s Final Four.

Yahoo is placing a bet squarely on the future. Media companies like Twenty-First Century Fox Inc., CBS Corp., Comcast Corp. s NBCUniversal and the Walt Disney Co. s ESPN have locked up the rights to broadcast most NFL games at least through the end of the decade. But when those contracts expire, the NFL is likely to court partners who can deliver a football game to tablets and mobile phones along with TVs.

 This is an early testing ground to understand the Internet s capability to deliver something like this,  said Rich Greenfield, an analyst with BTIG Research.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

That could pit Silicon Valley giants against TV behemoths. As of now, the networks are at an advantage, in part because most people still watch sports on traditional TV and in part because they offset what they pay for the games with millions of dollars in subscriber fees from pay-TV providers like Comcast or AT&T Inc. s DirecTV, said Dan Rayburn, an analyst at Frost & Sullivan who writes for the blog StreamingMedia.com.

While Yahoo or Google have plenty of cash to experiment, they can t rely on the same source of revenue as the broadcasters to sustain an online sports business. They would likely try to make their money back from advertising or charging fans a few bucks to watch the game, and it would probably be impossible for them to recoup their costs that way, Rayburn said.

 Do the math,  Rayburn said.  There s no business value to it. 

Nonetheless, Yahoo wasn t the only company interested in streaming the game. Its winning $17 million bid -- $15 million for the rights, plus $2 million in marketing requirements -- bested other tech giants. Twitter, Google and Amazon were among those vying for the game, according to another person familiar with the matter who wasn t authorized to speak publicly.

 We know our users will be very excited to see this game, and our advertisers have been, too,  Yahoo Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer said Tuesday during Yahoo s quarterly earnings call.

American Express, Nationwide, Kohl s and Toyota are among the more than 30 brands that will advertise during the game, Yahoo said this week. Those companies will also have access to Yahoo s viewership data to target fans after the game. Yahoo says it sold out all of its game-day advertisements.

Broadcasting live events on the Internet is harder than streaming on demand because more can go wrong. Unlike with a traditional TV broadcast, a live stream relies on a third-party network of providers to deliver programming across the Internet, and those companies can have outages of their own.

Yahoo isn t making things easy on itself. The company s goal is to stream the game at a higher quality than some competitors offer, said Adam Cahan, Yahoo s senior vice president of video. CBS will be producing the game for Yahoo.  We want to have a broadcast-like experience at a global scale,  Cahan said.

Live sports have a long history of legitimizing new TV platforms. The rise of ESPN boosted the popularity of cable TV in the 1980s and DirecTV s  NFL Sunday Ticket  introduced many fans to satellite TV packages, Cahan said.  We think this industry is poised for a shift,  he said.  It s coming our way.  Dolphins could become first NFL team to terminate partnership with DFS sites Nationwide uproar over the daily fantasy sports industry has captured the attention of NFL franchises that forged lucrative business relationships with industry leaders such as DraftKings and FanDuel. As government officials contemplate the legality of the contests, it might not be long before teams consider terminating such partnerships.

With 29 of the NFL's 32 franchises signing advertising contracts with either FanDuel, DraftKings or Yahoo! Inc., the league has become the biggest business partner of daily fantasy sports, rolling out marketing campaigns that prominently and frequently feature the companies' logos.

MORE: DFS player: Daily fantasy ruined my life | Start or sit? Week 7 advice

But those brands have taken a hit this month after a DraftKings employee won $350,000 in a FanDuel competition, sparking calls for regulation in the largely unchecked multibillion-dollar industry.

The Dolphins on Thursday became the first NFL team to comment on the developments.

 We would need to consider all of our options, including termination, if their business model is deemed to be unlawful,  the team said in a statement, via the Boston Globe.

Officials across the country have begun to assess whether the daily fantasy sports trade model complies with state and federal gambling laws since the scandal erupted.

Regulators in Nevada last week ruled that DraftKings and FanDuel contests are a form of gambling and require a state license to operate. Florida and Georgia officials also have begun reviewing whether the companies should continue to be allowed to operate under state laws.

Laws in Florida are especially stringent and could force the Dolphins' hand sooner than other teams.

U.S. attorney's offices in Boston and New York   where the companies are headquartered   were already probing DraftKings over the scandal. The company announced Monday that the results of an investigation it commissioned found that its employee, Ethan Haskell, did not use inside information while playing in FanDuel contests.

An NFL spokesman told the Boston Globe that teams would not be forced by the league to void their deals with daily fantasy companies should laws change, but added,  teams have to follow local, state laws."

The only teams without fantasy deals   the Seahawks, Saints and Cardinals   play in states where the contests are already illegal.

Disclosure: SN has its own relationship with daily fantasy sports site FanDuel and regularly creates content around its games. Steve Ballmer: I Wish Yahoo Well Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

43:37 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Think Again: Nine Top Insights Into Tech and Media for 2016 Do you expect social media will continue to dominate? Do you believe cord-cutting is fully upon us? Think again.

At the WSJDLive 2015 conference this week, technology strategist Michael Wolf shared his insights into the future of messaging apps, pay TV, e-sports and more.

The former Yahoo Inc. board member and current chief of Activate said Americans  voracious appetites for tech and media will contribute to more than $500 billion in growth over the next five years. But it might not be in the ways that you d expect.

Among his key insights:

Messaging apps will dominate social networks as an activity.

Stop looking for the next big thing in streaming audio.

The long awaited cord-cutting moment is still a ways off.

The  cable killer  is coming, but it won t look like what you expect.

E-sports and wagering will be a game changer.

App stores exist, but good luck making significant money there.

Products, services and content are all aligning into a unified stack.

Mr. Wolf finished his presentation by calling out the companies that he says are capturing the money -- the pay TV providers. And he gives his suggestion on how to predict what these companies will do next.

Here s more on his thoughts on the explosive growth of messaging apps.

Write to Brian R. Fitzgerald at brian-r.fitzgerald@wsj.com Roger Goodell is good at parts of his job, and Yahoo! game proves that If you wonder why Roger Goodell has kept his job as commissioner, the answer will be in your hands on Sunday morning. That s when Yahoo! will stream the Bills-Jaguars game from London. And the good news is: You don t have to watch that game to appreciate its impact.

The game will be broadcast online only except in the Buffalo and Jacksonville markets. It s a trial balloon. If there are problems, well, it s only the Bills and Jaguars two struggling franchises in small markets. That won t ruin too many weekends. The NFL can improve the product for the next time around. And simply having a game on Yahoo! gives Goodell more options in the future. It could be the start of another billion-dollar revenue stream.

You won t hear much about this, of course. It goes against the popular narrative that Goodell is awful at his job.

But the reality is that Goodell is awful at parts of his job. His record on player discipline is terrible not because he is too harsh or soft, but because he is haphazard. A penalty today does not match up with a penalty from last year. This was a fundamental reason why his suspension of Tom Brady was overturned. It did not line up with any previous infractions for manipulating equipment. The league tried to equate Brady s actions with steroid use, and U.S. District Court Judge Richard Berman didn t buy it.

That is a common theme for Goodell: He does whatever sounds good at the time. His flip-flop on Ray Rice was just public posturing when a video came out.

And it makes you wonder: Why does Goodell insist on controlling player discipline? It s been one nightmare after another for him. What is he getting out of this? If you try juggling torches for years, and you keep burning yourself, it s probably time to hire a professional juggler and move on with the rest of your life.

And let s be clear: Goodell is really good at the primary goal of his job, which is increasing revenue for owners.

It s easy to say that the NFL would make money no matter who is in charge, and that is true. But how much money? Billionaires did not become billionaires because they were happy being millionaires. Goodell and his advisers have smartly leveraged their one advantage over every other sports league: Video viewership of their games.

Major League Baseball teams draw far more fans to stadiums, because they have more games. The NBA has more stars with crossover appeal. But the public cannot resist watching NFL games.

 Goodell has steadily exploited the value of this, without overreaching. He expanded Thursday Night Football from something that was a late-season affair, after college football s regular season, to a full-season slate. The players hate this. I ve written that before. Thursday games are hell on their bodies, and they make every other NFL player-safety campaign seem fraudulent. But Goodell has used Thursday Night Football masterfully, and not just because each Thursday game brings in more money.

Goodell realizes that when a product is in demand, there are advantages to making sure it remains in demand. In 2011, he locked most of the NFL s broadcast partners (Fox, CBS, NBC, DirecTV, ESPN) into deals that last through 2022 and bring in roughly $7 billion a year, according to most reports. That s an incredible windfall. But Goodell did not lock up the rights to every game. He has kept those Thursday night games on short contracts the current deal with CBS is for two years and expires in a few months.

This accomplishes two objectives:

1. It keeps every network eating out of Goodell s hand, because they all want Thursday Night Football. For a commissioner who is constantly under siege  sometimes of his own doing, and sometimes because of larger issues this is a huge boon.

2. It allows the NFL to find a new broadcast partner at any time which includes partners that nobody really envisioned when the league signed its other deals in 2011.

How smart is this? Well, think of a typical athlete negotiating a contract. He can negotiate the longest, biggest contract he wants, or he can negotiate a shorter deal that allows him to sign an even bigger contract in the future. In effect, Goodell has done both. The NFL gets the guaranteed cash flow and a chance to position itself for the future.

This Yahoo! game is just the beginning. In the next few years, you could see games on Netflix. Or NFL.com. Or some other service that we haven t even heard of yet.

The NFL always has to finesse its way around antitrust concerns, but Goodell will have a lot of options. And once he finds the combination that works, the league s current TV deals will be nearing their 2022 expiration. He will have a good idea of how to maximize revenue for his league for its next video deals. And he will have risked nothing.

This would be considered a wild, innovative success for any other commissioner. Goodell is setting his league up for the next 20 years. If you owned an NFL team, you would be very happy with how Goodell has navigated his TV negotiations.

If you re a fan, though, you don t see it. You just see a commissioner bumbling his way through one suspension and court battle after another. It would be good for the NFL if Goodell gave up some authority on player discipline. And it would be great for Roger Goodell, too. Marketing on Tumblr: a way to new audience or nothing but fun? Marketing on social platforms has one big disadvantage that we call  Like-pressure :  likes  are unclear indicator: some users press it mechanically, many smart people don t see the point to do it. People become numbers   this is the main digital marketing tragedy for both sides.

We always wonder is there a smarter and more realistic way to communicate with mass audience (not intellectual minority) on social media or in frames of global marketing it inevitably contracts to a word-free system?

Today Popsop Research is about Tumblr in terms of global branding. Let s see.

Tumblr   is a microblogging platform and social networking website owned by Yahoo! Inc. The service allows users to post multimedia and other content to a short-form blog.

Tumblr is number 6 on list of Top 15 Most Popular Social Networking Sites (Instagram is 7) (Alexa Global Traffic Rank, October 2015).

First goal of the research is to identify brands that have Tumblr blogs and their content strategies. For it we chose iconic consumer brands from 50 World s Most Admired Companies 2015, ranked by Fortune. Results are in the table.

Due to fact that Tumblr s mechanics doesn t have anything special (notes-likes, hashtags and reblogs-reposts), and after viewing some brands  blogs we were ready to say that Tumblr is just another way to promote a company in a more friendly way, like most of social networks. But then magic happened.

3 ways to original marketing on Tumblr:

1. Creativity as a key. Tumblr is like the magic-box in terms of brand creativity. Here are some examples to watch.

2. Thematic blogs. Second way to be natural on Tumblr is to choose interesting for people (not only consumers) specifics.

COOKING

MUSIC

3. Own original way. To be individual is a rare posibility on social networks, but Tumblr gives it.

Unexpected answer for the research is yes: global branding can be more realistic and smart on social platforms, and Tumblr is one of ways to it. 
2015-11-16
Mayer's wizard idea shows there's no place like Yahoo Marissa Mayer is my new role model. First the Yahoo chief executive bans working from home. Now, according to Kara Swisher at Re/code, she has made all her top people solemnly promise that they will stick with the company for three to five years.

What s more, she recently got them all to dress up as Wizard of Oz characters posing for a group fancy dress mug shot that Swisher says cost $70,000.

I know lots of people do not like Mayer. Yahoo shareholders can t be all that keen on her, given that the share price is down by about a third this year.

She has also offended an entire generation of young mothers who deplore her plan to return to work at once after the birth of her twins.

At least on the latter score, her detractors are being silly. How much maternity leave a powerful woman takes should be of no interest to the rest of us.

If she wants to spend a lot of time tending to her double helping of new life, that s okay.

If she wants to be firing off emails from the delivery room, that s okay too   so long as she does not force others to do the same.

Why I like her so much is because she does unpopular things that are much needed in the modern corporate world.

The get-out-of-your-pyjamas-and-into-the-office edict was the most valuable corrective to permissive corporate life I have seen this millennium.

Working from home is bad both for companies and for workers (as I wrote last month) and she was brave to stamp on it.

Daring

Her new scheme to get executives to commit to Yahoo strikes me as almost as daring, and just as necessary.

When the story came out last week, my FT colleagues hooted with scorn and said the move was born out of desperation, a pathetically feeble way of trying to prevent the rats from leaving the ship.

They said promises are worth nothing and, in any case, Mayer herself is unlikely to be in the job in three to five years  time, so she is in no position to be winkling long-term promises from anyone else.

These are powerful points, but I still think she has hit on something big that other chief executives should copy.

In most companies, and in Silicon Valley in particular, people switch jobs the minute something better comes along. This might be nice for them, but is no way to run a business.

Mayer s move brings back an idea that has got lost: that executives have some obligation to complete the tasks they have started.

It seems to me perfectly obvious that if you are a CEO trying to make big changes and you have a team of overpaid executives who are meant to be helping, you need to do everything to make them stay put.

The usual way of doing that is to give them shares they can t get their hands on for three years   a ploy that succeeds in making them stay, but at the cost of further undercutting loyalty.

If you are locked in by money, that crowds out everything else. The picture of her in a Dorothy wig is embarrassing but turns out to be a stroke of genius.

Mayer s pledge is a good start, but for it to have any chance of working would have to cut both ways.

If she has any sense she will have made each executive believe that their contribution was vital to the success of the project and promised she was not going to fire them.

Moral pressure

Of course, such promising is all very well. No one s word is actually their bond any more   either side can break it if they want to, and no doubt some will. But that does not make promises useless.

They set expectations, and lay on moral pressure   which means that when people break them, there will be a perfectly appropriate chorus of tut-tutting. And that is the power of the whole thing.

Pledges might be unfashionable, but humans dislike disapproval as much as they always did.

Justifying Mayer s third move   making her entire senior team dress up as Wizard of Oz characters in a ludicrous, pricey charade   is a little more tricky.

Fun by fiat is one of the most dismal things about corporate life, and this is a gruesome example of it.

The picture of Mayer herself looking menacing in her brown Dorothy wig is as embarrassing a corporate portrait as I have ever seen.

But on closer inspection, this too turns out to be a stroke of genius, for the motivational effect it is surely having on the company s 11,000 employees.

Pictures of your bosses undergoing ritualistic humiliation can serve as useful lightning conductors.

What better when feeling angry than to look at them variously as cowardly lions and tin men and pigtailed girls from Kansas?

This benefit may or may not have been the intended one of the $70,000 photo shoot. But no matter. I have committed to Mayer as my new role model and I am staying loyal to her and am going to last the distance   as long as she does.

  Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015 Polyvore's Jess Lee on Why She Sold to Yahoo Earlier this year, Yahoo bought fashion e-commerce site Polyvore for $230 million , making it one of Yahoo's ( yhoo ) largest acquisitions in 2015.

Founded in 2007, Polyvore lets users create sets of items that others can buy through the site. The company also built a visual search engine that's intended to be a better way to search for clothes, handbags and accessories. By 2012, it had more than 20 million users and was helping drive business to retailers. It s also developed a range of products, largely centered around advertising, and has a long-term goal to become the first stop for any fashion purchase, whether the customer is in the research-and-planing phase, or ready to buy.

At the time, the deal was said to bolster Yahoo s  MaVeNS    or mobile, video, native, and social   numbers, which CEO Marissa Mayer has made her new focus. The acquisition closed in September. Jess Lee, Polyvore's CEO, sat down with Fortune briefly to talk about why she sold to Yahoo, what's the future for Polyvore and more.

Fortune : Why did Yahoo make sense as an acquirer?

Lee: For Yahoo, on the consumer side of things, buying Polyvore was about investing in the lifestyle category. The company has learned that content and community can be a powerful thing, as shown by Yahoo Sports and the ability to incorporate news, premium content, fantasy sports and more. It's same formula for fashion. On the business and revenue side, Polyvore has 400 advertisers. The site has already integrated our ads into the Yahoo native advertising network [called Gemini] and the goal is to expand that even further.

What can we expect from Polyvore in the near future?

We're working on a lot of things for mobile. Polyvore has a lot of room to grow on mobile. We are also going to do more within the fashion community as well.

What about commerce?

Conversion rates for people to buy via mobile for retailers are generally low. This is an area we believe is ripe for disruption and we will be looking to help brands and merchants improve their conversion rates. We won't hold any inventory, but we do see an opportunity to help retailers increase sales on mobile.

For more on Yahoo's sports strategy, watch this video: George Soros's fund takes new stakes in Amazon, Netflix; sells off Valeant ... Billionaire investors George Soros's Soros Fund Management took new equity positions in Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% and Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.63% during the third quarter, and added to its holding of EBay Inc. EBAY, +0.18% while selling off its entire stake in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. VRX, -1.25% and Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% Soros held 77,877 shares of Amazon and 317,534 shares of Netflix as of Sept. 30, according to its latest 13F filing. Among other moves, Soros trimmed its stake in Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% to 1.806 million shares from 2.591 million shares, added a new 200-share stake in Priceline Group Inc. PCLN, -0.64% and sold off its entire 1.969 million-share stake in Herbalife Ltd. HLF, -0.75% Overall, the market value of all the stocks held by Soros dropped to $6.61 billion from $10.75 billion. Paris Attacks Renew Call for Access to Encrypted Messages The bloodshed in Paris led U.S. officials Monday to renew calls for limits on technology that prevents governments from spying on phone conversations, text messages and e-mails.

Senator Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, said she asked Silicon Valley companies to help law enforcement and intelligence agencies access communications that have been encrypted -- or scrambled to evade surveillance -- if terrorists are using the tools to plan attacks.

 I have asked for help. And I haven t gotten any help,  Feinstein said Monday in an interview with MSNBC.  If you create a product that allows evil monsters to communicate in this way, to behead children, to strike innocents, whether it s at a game in a stadium, in a small restaurant in Paris, take down an airliner, that s a big problem. 

The debate over using encryption illustrates how the pendulum of balancing security and privacy swings in response to events. Companies such as Apple Inc., Google Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. incorporated stronger encryption in their products after revelations of U.S. spying were exposed by Edward Snowden in 2013. Now the tables have turned.

Apple and Google on Monday didn t respond to requests for comment on the issue. A Yahoo spokeswoman declined to comment. In the past, the companies have argued that governments can obtain evidence through other means, such as informants.

International Hunt



CIA Director John Brennan and other top U.S. national security officials stopped short of calling for new restrictions on Monday, but said terrorism suspects are using technologies to hide their planning and operations from law enforcement and intelligence agencies.

 There are a lot of technological capabilities that are available right now that make it exceptionally difficult -- both technically as well as legally -- for intelligence security services to have insight that they need," Brennan said at a Washington event.

Brennan said he hopes the Paris attacks will serve as "a wake-up call" for European governments who have been critical of spy programs.

The comments come amid an international hunt for clues in the attacks in Paris that killed or injured about 480 people from 19 nations and that officials believe were orchestrated by the Islamic State. Brennan warned that the group likely has more attacks "in the pipeline."

Apps, Playstation

Investigators in France are still piecing together how three coordinated teams of gunmen and suicide bombers managed to create carnage in one of Europe s most heavily policed cities. So far, five of the seven assailants who died have been identified -- four of them French citizens, and one believed to be a Syrian who entered Europe as an asylum-seeker.

U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said that terrorists are using encryption to communicate -- on everything from apps to gaming systems. Last week, Belgium s deputy prime minister said that "the most difficult communication between these terrorists is via PlayStation 4."

Speaking at a Politico event in Brussels, Jan Jambon added that "it s very, very difficult for our services -- not only Belgian services but international services-- to decrypt the communication that is done via PlayStation 4. 

Players using Sony s popular gaming system can communicate via direct messages or by voice. A Buzzfeed story said that players, who can be located anywhere in the world, have found even more elaborate ways to communicate, including using "weapons during a game to send a spray of bullets onto a wall, spelling out whole sentences to each other."

Balancing Privacy

Several U.S. officials, including Lynch, declined to say whether the operatives who carried out the attacks in Paris were able to plan without being detected by using encryption, which scrambles communications and requires a special code that can only be unlocked with a secret key.

Lynch told reporters in Washington that federal authorities were working with U.S. communications companies to find solutions to the problem.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

"Terrorists use any number of means to communicate, including some encrypted means," she told reporters in Washington.  This is an issue in which we recognize not only the importance of encryption but also the need to do everything we can to protect the American people. As we stated, we are pursuing a number of options. We are in discussions with industry looking for ways in which they can lawfully provide us information while also preserving privacy."

 Going Dark 

Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey and other national security officials have been publicly warning for years that investigators are limited when suspects use technology to conceal their operations, such as using private online forums, apps that encrypt e-mails and hidden websites. It s a problem that law enforcement officials refer to as "going dark."

New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton on Monday called on technology companies to help investigators, although he didn t specify exactly how. Technology has been "purposefully designed by our manufactures so that even they claim they cannot get into their own devices after they ve built them," Bratton said on MSNBC.

"They need to work with us right now," Bratton said. "In many respects, they re working against us."

No  Keys 

Representative Michael McCaul, chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, said in a statement Monday that  You can t stop what you cannot see. 

 The dark space of the Internet is becoming a breeding ground for

terrorist communications, recruitment and plotting,  said McCaul, a Texas Republican.  Our inability to monitor encrypted messages on social media apps, and the terrorists  awareness of that, compounds the danger America and the West face. 

Senator John McCain, an Arizona Republican and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on MSNBC Monday that "it s time we had another key that would be kept safe and only revealed by means of a court order."

Privacy advocates pushed back against the arguments, saying restrictions wouldn t make Americans safer.

 Any attempt to mandate back doors or prohibit the technology altogether would basically amount to trying to outlaw math, and any attempt to do so will fail to make us safer against terrorism, while making us all much less safe online and also threatening our digital economy," said Kevin Bankston, director of the New America Foundation s Open Technology Institute, in an e-mail.

 Political Values 

"In the end, we can hurt ourselves much more than the terrorists can hurt us," Bankston said. "Indeed, that s their entire strategy -- to make us injure ourselves, our political values, our economies, our security -- in our attempt to injure them."

Technology is also advancing in such a way that products such as apps and online services have become available that don t allow any access to decoding  keys  -- or  back doors  -- so the communications companies couldn t turn over unencrypted information even if ordered by the courts.

Stopping attacks from ISIS won t depend only on intelligence but also on eliminating safe havens for terrorists in Syria and Iraq, said Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee.

"It s too early, I think, to say, in terms of the attack in Paris to what extent these terrorists may have used encrypted communications," Schiff said on NPR s Morning Edition. "Even with the best of intelligence resources there are still vulnerabilities, and ultimately, it s going to require us to eliminate that sanctuary in Iraq and Syria."

(An earlier version of this story gave an incorrect name for Belgium s deputy prime minister.) What People Really Think of the iPad Pro: It's too Darn Big! With its recent launch of the giant 12.9-inch iPad Pro, Apple apparently thinks that bigger really is better. But do the masses agree?

To find out, we took one of Apple s monster-tablets out to bustling Times Square to see what people would make of it. To the majority of the people we showed it to, the iPad Pro is indeed big   but it s too big.

Of course, given this new iPad s powerful hardware and  Pro  name, it clearly wasn t designed for people who just wanted a tablet for casual  Netflix and chilling.  Still, even if you re toting this thing around for more demanding business, we have to agree: It s a bit much.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



Don t miss these other awesome Yahoo Tech stories:

And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Deon McIntosh Commits To Notre Dame Thunder and lightning.

That's what Notre Dame hopes to have in its backfield over the next couple of years following a verbal commitment from Fort Lauderdale (Fla.) Cardinal Gibbons three-star all-purpose back Deon McIntosh on Monday.

McIntosh, who became commit No. 18 for Notre Dame, joins Bradenton (Fla.) IMG Academy three-star running back Tony Jones as ball carriers in the class for the Irish.

The two are viewed as the perfect compliments to each other given their respective skill sets.

The 5-10, 175-pound McIntosh has the ability to get to the outside and use his explosive speed to beat a defense. Jones is seen as a more traditional back that can work between he tackles.

"They want to use him as a running back, in the slot, and make him someone that can do a little bit of everything," said Deon's father, Richard McIntosh. "That's exactly what he wants to do."

It also happens to be why the No. 14 all-purpose back in the country is now committed to Notre Dame.

McIntosh said that he gave a pledge to the Irish because he felt comfortable with the plan that running backs and South Florida native Autry Denson has for him and Jones in South Bend.

His father agreed.

"I know I'm putting him in good hands with Coach Denson," Richard McIntosh said. "When we went up there, they rolled out he red carpet for us, and we felt like family."

Click Here to view this Link.

McIntosh, who also held offers from Miami, West Virginia, Tennessee, Cincinnati, Penn State and Rutgers, was at one time considered a heavy lean to sign with the Hurricanes, given the fact that his brother   Richard McIntosh   inked with the local school last cycle, but Notre Dame was able to beat out the ACC school.

The McIntosh family visited Notre Dame Oct. 17 and left with high remarks for the program.

"We had a wonderful time there," Richard McIntosh said the day after the visit. "If it's up to me, that's where I would go."

McIntosh is the fifth prospect from Florida to pledge to the Irish this cycle. He joins Jones, four-star offensive guard Parker Boudreaux , three-star safety Spencer Perry and three-star wideout Kevin Stepherson

The Irish had four coaches - including head coach Brian Kelly   out recruiting Florida during the program's bye week last month.

McIntosh was a Sun Sentinel Class 5A-4A-3A-2A first-team offense selection in Broward County last season. As a junior, he ran for 834 yards and 12 touchdowns, and caught 41 passes for 386 yards and two touchdowns. 
2015-01-02
Yahoo could be interested in scooping up a cable network Yahoo, angling to remake itself in an increasingly mobile world, could be considering a bold deal to buy news network CNN, or another major cable network.

Media reports are beginning to swirl around the idea that Yahoo ( yhoo ) CEO Marissa Mayer is possibly on the hunt to acquire a media property, such as Scripps Networks Interactive ( sni ) , or possibly Time Warner's ( twx ) CNN. Renewed speculation kicked off at the end of 2014 with a piece by The Information's Tom Dotan entitled "Why I'm betting on a Yahoo-CNN marriage." Business Insider followed up with a story that said two sources, former employees at Yahoo, told the publication that Yahoo considered a deal for Scripps during a period of time when Mayer and other executives thought Yahoo would have billions to spend following the initial public offering of Alibaba ( baba ) , a company Yahoo had held a stake in for years.



Any deal could come at a steep cost. Business Insider, which reported on rumors of a CNN acquisition, speculates that buying the news network would cost Yahoo between $5 billion and $6 billion, according to a source. Meanwhile, the market capitalization of Scripps Networks is at about $10 billion today, so it would likely cost even more to buy the owner of the Food Network, Home and Garden Television, and other lifestyle-focused channels.

A Yahoo representative declined to comment, citing a company policy not to address speculative reports.

Speculation of another deal inked by Yahoo's Mayer might not impress some shareholders. Starboard Value LP, which disclosed a "significant ownership stake" in September, has argued that Yahoo should halt its "aggressive acquisition strategy" that has resulted in over a billion of capital spending since 2012 while overall consolidated revenue remains stagnant. Instead, Starboard has argued that Yahoo should consider a combination with AOL ( aol ) .

Yahoo has aggressively touted its efforts in video, so a potential cable channel buy doesn't seem too far-fetched. The company has hired Katie Couric , for example, as its global news anchor in one of many moves meant to boost online video traffic. But that move is to tap the online video-watching audience, which reached more than 191 million Americans via desktop computers in October . Yahoo's share of that audience is a little over 57 million, good enough for fourth place behind Google ( goog ) , Facebook ( fb ) and AOL.



While Scripps Networks and CNN are both in the cable business, they are two very different assets. Scripps would cost significantly more, but comes with some favorable ad trends. Total revenue is up 6.4% for the first nine months of 2014, as the company has reported consistent gains in ad and affiliate fee revenue growth. CNN, meanwhile, has seen its viewer traffic ebb. CNN's ratings are lower than ever , according to a recent post by Mediaite. Privacy Cases To Watch In 2015 PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-07-20
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Why The Stock Is Down Big In 2015 And a sum-of-the-parts valuation gives a troubling glimpse at just how Wall Street values this floundering online content and media giant.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) holds 383.5 million shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (NYSE: BABA) stock, worth about $31.4 billion at current market prices. Yahoo holds a further 2 billion shares in Yahoo! Japan, worth about $7.9 billion. Yahoo holds about $6.9 million in cash.

All of these holdings added together total $39.3 billion. Yahoo s market cap based on the most recent Yahoo stock price is about $36 billion.

That means when all is said and done, the market values Yahoo s core business at negative $3 billion.

Yahoo stock is cheap at around $39. But when the curtains are pulled back and Yahoo s holdings are accounted for, the market price of Yahoo stock s core business is around negative $3.50 a share.

Granted, this is a very simplified way of assessing Yahoo stock and doesn t account for all the nuances being priced into the company at the moment. But this is the same sum-of-the-parts valuation model that Yahoo s bulls used in the run-up to the Alibaba IPO to deem it underpriced, and it helped Yahoo stock soar almost 200% under CEO Marissa Mayer.

But what is Yahoo stock s value? It s necessary to figure out so investors wondering  Should I buy Yahoo stock right now?  know how to answer that question.

Here s what you need to understand.

Why Yahoo Stock Is Down Big in 2015

If you re going by the sum-of-the-parts valuation, Yahoo stock is extremely underpriced right now.

Yahoo has the No. 1 online property on the web and more than 800 million viewers. Yet with those valuation metrics, the market is essentially saying that Yahoo s core business is not just worthless, it s a net negative. It s so bad that its mere presence is bringing down the value of its cash and stock holdings.

At worst, Yahoo s core business is worthless. And if the market valued Yahoo at least at zero dollars, the total Yahoo stock price accounting for all its other  parts  would be worth around $41.90   not its current price of around $39.

That would be a quick 7.6% gain once the market values Yahoo correctly.

But there s more to consider 

The problem with that logic is that the market isn t pricing Yahoo stock based on what it thinks the value of the core business is.

It s moving almost entirely on news that could impact windfall gains Yahoo has promised to deliver to shareholders with the sale of the remaining stake in Alibaba.

Yahoo stock is down almost 25% this year for two reasons. One reason is that investors still fear the Internal Revenue Service is going to enact rule changes for spin-off transactions and disrupt the  tax-free  status of Yahoo s Alibaba stake.

They are also worried that the recent turmoil in Chinese markets is going to dampen the value of Yahoo s Alibaba holdings and limit the coming windfall.

So while you can hang your hat on the sum-of-the-parts valuation and buy Yahoo on the investment thesis that Yahoo is at least a worthless company, the rest of the market isn t buying and selling on that same logic.

Instead of hoping for a pop on supposed mispricing, you may want to steer clear right now, unless you re looking to buy a dip   but as a trade and not a long-term buy-and-hold.

If you re still in Yahoo stock, keep a watchful eye. This is not a stock you can buy and forget.

 Use your trailing stops, manage it appropriately, ask yourself every week,  Hey, are the reasons why I bought this stock still intact?  If they are, hang on. If not, time to go. Move on to better opportunities,  Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald said.

The Bottom Line: Yahoo stock has become less and less intriguing. It may seem cheap and underpriced, and that may seem reason enough to buy Yahoo stock now, but the market isn t too concerned about the core business. They are reacting solely to news that will affect potential windfall gains on the sale of Yahoo holdings. Maybe Yahoo is worth a trade right now since it s so cheap, but if you re waiting for the market to find value in what is largely a worthless core business, you re better off looking for another company than Yahoo, which as Fitz-Gerald puts it,  is never, ever going to achieve the glory that it once had. 

Written By Jim Bach From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet.And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Stanford University's Robots Can Play Pingpong Computers are already better than you at doing math and remembering things. But now it looks like mechanized AI will soon be able to best you in your favorite table sports, too.

Stanford University posted a video last week showcasing the progress its Artificial Intelligence Laboratory students have been making in successfully  teaching  robots to play games. Featured in the video are clips of robots paddling pingpong balls and killing it at kendama, the Japanese cup-and-ball game.



 The tasks call for a wide range of fundamental skills but generally require the robot to sense where it is in space, detect objects around it, and then autonomously interact with those objects in its environment,  the Stanford News reports.

Based on what we re seeing, these bots aren t giving mildly competent human pingpong players any real competition just yet. But if you want to go ahead and apply some kind of Moore s law of robotics into the equation, it stands to reason they ll be at Forrest Gump level in just a handful of years.



Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Stock Market News for July 20, 2015  
2015-01-08
Starboard Delivers Letter to CEO and Board of Directors of Yahoo! Inc. NEW YORK, Jan. 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Starboard Value LP (together with its affiliates, "Starboard"), a significant shareholder of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), today announced it has delivered a letter to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Yahoo's Board of Directors.

The full text of the letter follows:

January 8, 2015

Marissa A. Mayer, President and CEO Yahoo! Inc. 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale, California 94089

cc: Board of Directors

Dear Marissa,

We appreciate the constructive and on-going dialogue we have had with you, your management team and certain members of the Board of Directors (the "Board") regarding the extremely compelling opportunities to create value at Yahoo! Inc. ("Yahoo" or the "Company"). However, we have recently become increasingly concerned due to the growing number of media reports indicating Yahoo's interest in doing large-scale acquisitions. The latest reports speculate that Yahoo may be considering an acquisition of cable assets including Scripps Networks Interactive and Time Warner's CNN. Our concerns that these media reports may have some truth are exacerbated as it has now been more than sixty days since the IPO of Alibaba, and Yahoo is now free to disclose its intentions with regard to its shares of Alibaba. However, to date, no announcement has been made regarding Yahoo's plans for a tax-efficient separation of its non-core minority equity interests.

On a related note, within the past week, new speculation has emerged that Yahoo is considering a cash-rich split-off as a structure to separate its non-core minority equity interests. The resurfacing of rumors about a cash rich split-off at this juncture is particularly troubling given your acknowledgment at our meeting with you on October 27th that this option would be clearly inferior to a spin-off structure or other available alternatives to unlock the full value of the stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. As we have repeatedly explained, we believe a cash-rich split-off to separate Yahoo's non-core minority equity interests has serious shortcomings:

i) The market value of the 'active trade or businesses' Yahoo would receive as part of the consideration in exchange for its interests in Alibaba or Yahoo Japan would be difficult to ascertain objectively, and could be of questionable value to Yahoo shareholders; ii) The total consideration that Yahoo would receive in exchange for the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes would likely be lower than the valuation that those assets would garner if they were traded as separate public entities; iii) Yahoo would retain a substantial amount of cash which could then be used for large and potentially value destructive acquisitions, such as those speculated about in the media; and iv) It would introduce unnecessary transaction complexities and execution risks given the required third party participation.

As we have made clear in our prior discussions and letters, separating the non-core minority equity interests in the most tax-efficient, value maximizing, and shareholder friendly manner must be Yahoo's top priority. Recent discussions with large shareholders of Yahoo, some of whom have reached out directly to us to express their serious concerns with the rumors pervading the market, corroborate our belief that shareholders expect the Company to execute a tax-efficient separation (i.e. spin-offs) of both the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes.

Further, we continue to believe that Yahoo must significantly reduce costs to improve profitability in its core business and should be considering a combination with AOL. A combination with AOL, structured properly, could accomplish all of these goals by allowing for: (i) a tax-efficient separation of the non-core minority equity investments; (ii) tremendous cost synergies of between $1 billion and $1.5 billion; and (iii) a strong growth platform given AOL's progress in mobile and video advertising.

We understand that you are not in a position to comment on media speculation. However, we expect that you and the Board will heed the advice of shareholders by expeditiously announcing your intentions regarding both of Yahoo's non-core minority equity investments and other actions to enhance shareholder value.

Should you instead choose to proceed down a different path by pursuing large acquisitions and/or a cash-rich split, both of which have been speculated, such actions would be a clear indication to us that significant leadership change is required at Yahoo. We hope our concerns are unfounded and would like to continue our constructive dialogue. We eagerly await the conclusion of your review and the announcement of your intentions.

Best Regards, Jeffrey C. Smith Managing Member Starboard Value LP

About Starboard Value LP Starboard Value LP is a New York-based investment adviser with a focused and differentiated fundamental approach to investing in publicly traded U.S. companies. Starboard invests in deeply undervalued companies and actively engages with management teams and boards of directors to identify and execute on opportunities to unlock value for the benefit of all shareholders.

Investor contacts: Peter Feld, (212) 201-4878 Cristiano Amoruso, (212) 845-7947 www.starboardvalue.com

SOURCE Starboard Value LP Sony's New Walkman Is Big, Expensive, and an Audiophile's Dream Between monolithic 4K TVs and Internet-connected ovens, one of the biggest stories to come out of CES 2015 has been, believe it or not, the Walkman.

But this Walkman, called the Walkman NW-ZX2, doesn t play mix tapes. Instead, this thing plays uncompressed, high-resolution audio files that are supposed to provide a far superior listening experience for your average MP3, surpassing even CD audio quality.

Oh, and did I mention this thing will cost nearly $1,200?

That s right, this Walkman will set you back more than a high-end notebook.

Why so expensive? Because of the way the Walkman is designed. The player, which is seriously bulky and surprisingly heavy, is made of aluminum alloy and features a faux leather back. But despite its thickness and heft, the Walkman is actually very comfortable to hold.

Inside, the player uses gold-plated copperplate and high-purity, lead-free solder to help cut down on interference and improve overall sound.

At this point you re probably wondering,  Is the new Walkman worth buying? 

And the answer, for the average consumer anyway, is no. If you don t have a trained ear and aren t a hardcore audiophile, then the difference between a highly compressed MP3 file and a high-resolution audio file is minute.

I listened to a high-resolution version of Daft Punk s  Get Lucky  on the Walkman, and then listened to a version downloaded through Spotify on my own Samsung Galaxy S4. And, while the high-resolution version sounded deeper and clearer, it wasn t a big enough difference to make me want to spend $1,200.

If you re a hardcore audiophile, though, and want to listen to nothing but the best audio while on the go, then the Sony Walkman NW-ZX2 will likely be worth checking out when it hits store shelves later this year.

Everyone else should just stick to listening to tunes on their smartphones.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+ here. 
2015-10-15
Yahoo Introduces a New Yahoo Mail App SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today made a number of product announcements, primarily in the area of communications.

This month marks Yahoo Mail s 18th anniversary, and the company is celebrating that occasion by introducing a new Yahoo Mail app that is fast, intuitive and beautifully designed. Available on iOS (iPhone and iPad) and Android, the new app comes with a number of features, including smarter search, contacts management and rich compose.

Most people have an email account from more than one provider. So starting today, Yahoo Mail users can connect and manage their email accounts from Outlook.com, Hotmail and AOL Mail, right from Yahoo Mail on mobile and desktop. Once connected, users can access Yahoo Mail s features across all their mailboxes.

 Email is the most prevalent way people communicate online. However, what we want from our inbox is evolving. Mobile use requires a faster and smarter inbox,  said Jeff Bonforte, senior vice president of communication products at Yahoo.  Both of these needs are at the center of our new app. 

In addition to speed, smarts and support for multiple mailboxes, the new app marks the introduction of Yahoo Account Key   a more secure and simple alternative to the old password. This new feature simplifies the sign-in process with a secure and easy-to-use interface to access a Yahoo account with the tap of a button.

 Passwords are difficult to remember and secondary sign-in verification is inconvenient and confusing,  said Dylan Casey, vice president of product management at Yahoo.  Earlier this year we launched on-demand passwords using an SMS code. We re now taking a major leap towards a password-free future with the launch of Yahoo Account Key, which uses push notifications to give users simple and secure access using their mobile device. 

More Information & Availability

The new Yahoo Mail app is available in the Apple App Store to all global users today, and rolling out to Android users in Google Play starting today. Additional information can be found on the Yahoo Tumblr.

The ability to manage multiple mailboxes is rolling out globally today in the Yahoo Mail app. The desktop experience is available for U.S. English users today and will be coming soon to users outside of the U.S. The Yahoo Mail Tumblr includes additional details.

Yahoo Account Key is available globally today. Visit the Yahoo Tumblr for more information.

Access to the press kit is available here.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom. Jimmy Kimmel Live! Post-Show Concert Streams on Yahoo, Presented by MasterCard LOS ANGELES & SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) today announced the Jimmy Kimmel Live! post-show concerts, presented by MasterCard, which will launch on Thursday, October 15, 2015 at 11:35 p.m. CT. Audiences across Yahoo s network can watch live performances from some of the music industry s biggest names as they perform at the Jimmy Kimmel Live! Outdoor Stage in Hollywood.

The live performances will kick off with Duran Duran on October 15, following their appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live!. The band recently released their fourteenth studio album  Paper Gods,  which garnered them their highest chart positions around the world for more than twenty-two years. Produced by Nile Rodgers, Mark Ronson, Mr. Hudson and Josh Blair, the band s highly acclaimed new record includes collaborations with a host of great artists - from Kiesza and John Frusciante, to Jonas Bjerre and Janelle Mon e, who joins them on the first single  Pressure Off,  which is currently climbing the charts.

Additional performances from the Jimmy Kimmel Live! post-show concerts, presented by MasterCard, will include Grammy-Nominated rock band Fall Out Boy s performance of their current single  Irresistible  and more.

As part of MasterCard s sponsorship of the Jimmy Kimmel Live! post-show concerts on Yahoo, MasterCard cardholders will have the opportunity to gain access to exclusive Jimmy Kimmel Live! experiences by simply making a qualifying donation to Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) at www.priceless.com. Stand Up To Cancer, a program of the Entertainment Industry Foundation, funds innovative cancer research that will get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now. With the donation, MasterCard cardholders will support ground-breaking cancer research and have the chance to attend green room experiences and private concerts, hosted at the Jimmy Kimmel Live! Outdoor Stage at the historic El Capitan Theater in Hollywood, CA.

The new Jimmy Kimmel Live! post-show concerts, presented by MasterCard, further Yahoo s commitment as the ultimate destination for online live music and events. Yahoo is in the second year of programming with Live Nation to live stream concerts throughout the year, in which the first year saw 135 million streams across 225 markets internationally. Furthermore, Yahoo will be exclusively delivering the first-ever live stream of an NFL game to a global audience across devices and for free with the NFL s International Series game in London, between the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars on October 25. Other live event programs include Yahoo News Live, SuperFan Live on Yahoo TV and partnerships with iHeartMedia, the Television Academy and Dick Clark Productions. Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs weeknights at 11:35|10:35c on ABC.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

"JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" (Weeknights at 11:35|10:35c on ABC)

Jimmy Kimmel serves as host and executive producer of Emmy nominated "Jimmy Kimmel Live," ABC's late-night talk show.

"Jimmy Kimmel Live" is well known for its huge viral video successes with 1.5 billion views on YouTube alone. Some of Kimmel's most popular comedy bits include - Mean Tweets, Lie Witness News, Jimmy's Twerk Fail Prank, Unnecessary Censorship, YouTube Challenge, The Baby Bachelor, Movie: The Movie, Handsome Men's Club, Jimmy Kimmel Lie Detective and music videos like " I (Wanna) Channing All Over Your Tatum" and a Blurred Lines parody with Robin Thicke, Pharrell, Jimmy and his security guard Guillermo.

"Jimmy Kimmel Live" broadcasts from Disney's El Capitan Theater, located on Hollywood Boulevard in the heart of the Walk of Fame. This location gives the show unique character that Jimmy showcases regularly by interacting with the local superheroes parading along the boulevard and challenging tourists outside to participate in live comedy bits.

Jimmy Kimmel and Jill Leiderman serve as executive producers. Jason Schrift, Douglas DeLuca, Erin Irwin, and David Craig serve as co-executive producers. "Jimmy Kimmel Live" is shot live in front of a studio audience and produced by Jackhole Industries in association with ABC Studios. For more info go to jimmykimmellive.com or Facebook.com/jimmykimmellive. You can also follow Jimmy's personal twitter account - @jimmykimmel. #Kimmel As Yahoo Gemini Ramps Up, How Well Is It Performing For Search Advertisers? Yahoo Gemini was officially announced in February 2014 as the  first unified ad marketplace for both mobile search and native advertising.  A little over a year later, Microsoft and Yahoo amended their existing partnership to allow Yahoo to serve Gemini (or any other) search ads for up to half of Yahoo s desktop traffic.

In recent editions of the Merkle RKG Digital Marketing Report, we ve shown how Yahoo has moved quickly to bring search ad traffic under Gemini for advertisers that have adopted the platform. For some perspective, in September 2015, Yahoo.com produced a little over 50 percent of the clicks that took place across the Bing Ads and Gemini platforms.

For advertisers adopting Gemini, Gemini produced 22 percent of combined Bing and Gemini clicks. Given the device breakdown of Yahoo s traffic, this amounts to about two-thirds of the traffic it is able to control under the renegotiated agreement.

To be clear, not all search advertisers have adopted Gemini, so the impact it is having is likely far less overall, but it does appear that Yahoo fully intends to bring as much traffic under the Gemini platform as it is able to under their renegotiated agreement with Microsoft.

For advertisers, this means having another major US search ad platform to manage, but it could also be an opportunity for growth, depending on how well Gemini performs. I ll get to some specific figures shortly, but first, some more context.

A Brief History Of The Search Alliance

When the search alliance between Microsoft and Yahoo originally launched in late 2010, the conventional wisdom was that Microsoft s ads performed a lot better than Yahoo s, and maybe even better than Google s. It certainly depended on how you judged performance, and what seemed  better  for advertisers wasn t necessarily good for Bing and Yahoo.

Bing ROI tended to look strong because competition was lower, but more importantly, conversion rates seemed strong on Bing because of how restrictive its broad matching was. Bing s broad matching was effectively working like Google s broad match modifier option, where almost every word in the keyword phrase would need to match exactly to a word in the search query for Bing to serve the ad. This makes for better converting broad match traffic, but it significantly cuts down on potential traffic volume.

For quarter after quarter in those days, you would hear a lot about how the revenue-per-search (RPS) that Bing was producing for Yahoo was not meeting Yahoo s expectations. But over time, Microsoft significantly revamped its ad matching algorithms to the point that its broad matching was arguably more aggressive than Google s.

The changes Bing has made to its ad matching technology were evident in some of the strong numbers Microsoft reported over mid-2013 through mid-2014 showing Bing revenues up in a range of 34 47 percent Y/Y. The impact has been far less obvious in Yahoo s numbers, though.

According to an SEC filing from earlier this year, as of October 1, either Yahoo or Microsoft can now terminate their deal by simply providing the other party with written notice. Their agreement would remain in effect for another four months, but Yahoo would not be held to a volume commitment in the final two months of that period.

Whether it makes sense for Yahoo to do so depends on a lot of factors, including whether Yahoo is willing or able to produce its own organic search results. Also toward the top of the list is whether or not Yahoo can generate a meaningfully higher RPS for itself than Bing has.

To produce a higher RPS, Yahoo Gemini will need to deliver some combination of increased ad volume and increased ad quality (value to advertisers) over Bing Ads. Given how aggressive Bing s ad matching has become, the latter seems like the bigger opportunity.

Is Gemini Delivering Incremental Traffic Volume?

Indeed, when we look at a comparison between Gemini adopters and all advertisers, there s no clear indication that adopting Gemini has led to increased traffic share for Yahoo and Bing combined.

Gemini adopters have historically seen higher traffic share for Yahoo and Bing compared to other advertisers, but that gap has not appreciably widened over time, even as Gemini traffic has ramped up significantly.

Who Has The More Valuable Traffic? Bing Or Yahoo?

If Gemini is not obviously producing incremental search ad clicks, then it must produce better quality clicks for advertisers to be willing to increase their spending for Yahoo traffic.

Currently, under the Bing Ads platform, advertisers cannot segment Yahoo traffic from Bing traffic, so the easiest way that Yahoo Gemini could produce higher-value clicks than Bing Ads is if Yahoo searchers simply convert better than Bing searchers, all else being equal. That does not appear to be the case across the programs we surveyed.

Comparing conversion metrics for search ad traffic on Yahoo.com to Bing.com, regardless of the platform through which the ad was served, we find that Yahoo.com traffic converts at lower rates across all device types.

The gap is fairly small on desktops and phones, though, and Yahoo.com traffic actually produces a slightly higher sales per click on phones than Bing.com traffic. Still, it does not appear as if the merging of Bing and Yahoo traffic, in and of itself, has been holding down the amount advertisers have been willing to pay for Yahoo traffic.

How Does Gemini Compare To Bing Ads?

Looking at a comparison of Gemini and Bing Ads traffic on Yahoo.com yields more promising results for Yahoo and its Gemini program.

Gemini ads are converting 14 percent better for Yahoo.com phone traffic than Bing Ads and 21 percent better for tablet traffic. For desktop, the two platforms are roughly at parity.

This bodes well for Yahoo, but it s unclear how indicative these figures are of the long-term potential of Gemini. The data do not address the question of query mix, which is difficult to get a read on, even for large search programs. It s possible that Yahoo has managed to take the cream off the top; however, Gemini clicks do appear to be relatively cheap compared to Bing s, even after accounting for differences in traffic share across device types.

Brands ads do make up a larger percentage of Gemini traffic than Bing Ads traffic on Yahoo across all device types, but we have accounted for that in all of the conversion figures above by restricting the analysis to non-brand traffic.

Where Does This Leave Advertisers?

While Gemini has shown promise in improving the performance of mobile search ads on Yahoo.com, it does not yet appear to be driving substantially more ad volume than Yahoo would otherwise receive via Bing Ads.

This could very well reflect the fact that Gemini is a developing marketplace that advertisers are still catching on to and learning how best to approach. While the ability to segment Yahoo traffic from Bing traffic should allow advertisers to better optimize investments in both, that ability comes with its own set of challenges.

There is the additional management and IT investment that may be easier for large and/or more sophisticated advertisers to absorb, and one of the dividing lines between sophisticated search advertisers and everyone else is the ability to accurately predict the value of ad traffic in the face of sparse data. Gemini taking more traffic from Bing over time will leave advertisers with two smaller buckets of traffic to optimize that may or may not ever materially surpass their potential volume as a combined entity.

In other words, nearly all of the downsides are the reverse of everything that was supposed to be a benefit when the search alliance was launched. Still, there are plenty of advertisers that appreciate and can handle the greater control that two separate platforms will allow.

Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. Djogo Commits To Notre Dame Entering his Oct. 10 official visit to Notre Dame, Mono (Ontario) Orangeville Prep guard Nikola Djogo all but ruled out a possible commitment to the Irish, citing a desire to let his recruitment play out into the spring and take more official visits.

But the campus of Notre Dame can leave a special kind of impression on a visitor - and that's what happened with Djogo, who committed to the Irish on Wednesday night.

"The same way I was feeling after the visit on Sunday is the same way I'm feeling now," Djogo said. "Everything was amazing.

"I checked off all the boxes, and you can't go wrong with Coach [Mike] Brey."

The Irish first offered the 6-7, 185-pound guard after Brey visited Orangeville Prep to instead watch Djogo's teammate and Irish target Thon Maker , a five-star center in the class of 2016. Brey didn't have any prior knowledge about Djogo, but found his sleeper during the workout. The senior has had limited exposure throughout his recruitment after not playing on the summer ball circuit - when college basketball coaches conduct a large number of their evaluations - due to injury. Plus, his location in Canada hasn't made him easily accessible to college scouts either.

So when Brey found his diamond in the rough, Notre Dame swooped in quickly to secure the commitment.

Still, Djogo unveiled his commitment to the head man in a way that left even the veteran coach - entering his 16th season in South Bend - shaking his head.

"It was kind of funny, he called me and he knew I was very interested," "And he asked 'what are your last thoughts?'

"And I told him 'sir, I can honestly say I'm sorry, but Notre Dame isn't the right place for me.' And he just goes quiet, and he's like 'oh - alright.' And it was an awkward silence, and then I told him I was joking. He couldn't believe it. He said 'in all my years of coaching, I've never had someone shot fake me on a commitment.' It was so funny.

"He told me we are going to get along great, and he can't wait to win a national championship. All the assistants messaged me that they can't wait to work with me."

One of Djogo's favorite parts of his visit - in addition to playing pickup with the team and watching practice - was the home football game against Navy, a 41-24 win for the Irish. Djogo's father is a huge football fan, and said he's attended multiple NFL games. But Djogo had never been to a big one himself - he'd previously only seen one football game in-person, a CFL (Canadian Football League) contest. The capacity crowd of 80,795 fans cheering the Irish on sold him on the spirit of the school.

"Me and some of the teammates left at halftime to go tour the locker room, but my dad had his eyes glued the entire time to the game," Djogo said. "I told him about my decision tonight and he told me if it was him, he would have commitment three days earlier."

He chose the Irish over offers from UNLV, Pennsylvania, Winthrop, Northeastern and East Tennessee State, in addition to interest from Kansas State and Alabama. He currently has no ratings or rankings on Rivals at this time - as is the case with many of the recruiting networks - due to lack of evaluations.

Djogo joins West Orange (N.J.) Seton Hall Prep guard Temple Gibbs Jr. and Altamonte Springs (Fla.) Lake Brantley forward John Mooney in the 2016 recruiting class. Notre Dame will continue to pursue Maker and Austin (Texas) St. Stephen's Episcopal five-star center Jarrett Allen to round out that group.

As for Maker, Djogo only had one thing to say when asked if he was going to recruit the five-star big man to join him in South Bend.

"Hell yeah," he said.

Djogo averaged 4.2 points and 2.7 rebounds in 13 minutes per game for Team Canada at the U-17 World Championships Aug. 8-16. 
2015-06-22
Most Active Weekly Options: Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. The 20 stocks listed in the table below have attracted the highest total weekly options volume during the past 10 trading days. Names highlighted are new to the list since the last time the study was run, and data is courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Two names of notable interest are airline issueand Internet name, which are both slated to host their annual shareholder conferences this week.

-- which will hold its annual event this Thursday -- is up 1.7% at $42.71 this afternoon, as a bullish write-up in Barron's over the weekend overshadows a cybersecurity attack at one of its international peers . Today's positive price action comes as a welcome change to the stock's longer-term trajectory, with the shares off 16% from their late-January record peak of $51.06. Unlike analysts , option traders have kept the faith, and at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), they have bought to open 9.73 calls for each put over the past 10 sessions. What's more, this ratio rests higher than all other readings taken in the past year, meaning long calls have been initiated over puts at an annual-high clip.In the weekly 6/26 series -- which expires at this Friday's close -- peak call open interest is found at the 43.50 strike, where more than 10,000 contracts reside. It looks like a significant number of positions were bought to open last Friday, meaning speculators are betting on Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) to extend its lead north of $43.50 through week's end.Ahead of's annual shareholder meeting on Wednesday, the stock is up 0.5% at $40.73 -- paring its year-to-date deficit to 19.4%. However, today's upside appears to be running out of steam near the security's 10-day moving average, a trendline that has been ushering YHOO lower since mid-May. Skepticism has been building toward YHOO in recent months, per the stock's 50-day ISE/CBOE/PHLX put/call volume ratio of 0.44, which ranks in the 98th percentile of its annual range. In other words, puts have been bought to open over calls with more rapidity just 2% of the time within the past year.Drilling down on the weekly 6/26 series, peak put open interest of roughly 3,300 contracts resides at the 40.50 strike. Today, the strike appears to be seeing mostly buy-to-open activity. For those purchasing the puts, the goal is for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to settle the week south of $40.50. This Device Lets Blind People 'See' With Their Tongues A new gadget that helps the visually impaired  see  with their tongues has just been approved by the FDA, one of the most important hurdles the six-year-old project had to cross before coming to consumers in the U.S.



Called the BrainPort V100, the gadget s glasses-mounted camera turns what it sees into electronic pulses that are then sent to the tongue by a wired electrode placed inside the wearer s mouth. The makers of BrainPort say that, with training, the device can be used by the blind to interpret location, position, size, and shape of objects ahead of them, and also determine whether objects are moving or stationary.

 [BrainPort is not vision.] It is more like a 400-point refreshable Braille display from which you learn to interpret the bubble-like patterns on their tongue as representative of objects in their surroundings,  the company explains on its website.

There s no info yet on when exactly the BrainPort V100 will go on sale to the public, but Popular Science has reported that the parent company, Wicab Inc., plans to price the first-of-its-kind device at $10,000.



You can mark this down as one more human impairment that s taking a licking from bold advancements in tech.



Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! How Yahoo Is Fighting To Stay Relevant In The Mobile-First World Yahoo s business has always been about using the latest tech to capture people s attention with interesting content. They were many people s first real home page on the web.

Before search and social, you d go to Yahoo to see links worth checking out. In the interim periods of change in consumer tech, they ve adapted their product strategies to follow their model, with points of success and failure. In a recent visit to Yahoo s Sunnyvale headquarters, we got a better look at how the company is adapting the mobile-first world.

Yahoo s efforts in mobile over the last several years have focused on improving product by bringing in new talent and technology through acquisition. For instance, Yahoo News Digest (built from acquiree Summly s tech) aims to keep a broad audience informed with the top news of the day, just like the Yahoo home page before it. But the app s updates are partially algorithmically written, reducing the need for human curators.

On the user experience front, company s mobile team has cranked out award-winning apps that offer more pleasant ways to present the information and news people check every day. Yahoo VP of Design Albert Song says one of the most important facets of the team s work is creating a design language that incorporates Apple s  flat  iOS features and Google s Material Design so as to feel native on major platforms, yet unique enough that users realize they re in a Yahoo app.

Looking across its offerings, Yahoo has hundreds of millions of people looking at content in these apps. That attention is valuable to advertisers   but less valuable than attention given on platforms where advertisers can target specific audiences.

That s because Yahoo is fighting for attention and thus ad dollars, with social behemoths like Facebook. People check their favorite social feeds (and increasingly, messaging apps) on their phones tens of times a day, for minutes at a time. Because they already capture so much attention, these services can bundle in more kinds of content to get users to stay around longer.

That s the game Facebook is playing with news and video, as populating the feed with articles from publications and auto-playing video makes its users less likely to leave for a separate news reader app or YouTube (assuming it can serve up relevant content).

Yahoo s purchase of Tumblr gave it a social platform with more than 400 million users generating and consuming plenty of content, but like its other advertising-supported businesses, Yahoo doesn t quite have the social or interest graph that could allow for lucrative ad targeting to the extent that Facebook or Pinterest do.

While Yahoo s mobile product and design teams build applications and services that people find increasingly useful, Yahoo is also working at making the time that its users spend in apps more valuable. In the last year, it s begun rolling out native ad formats like app install posts on Tumblr and its other properties, but it s starting from a very low point: Less than two years ago, Yahoo described its mobile revenue as  not material. 

Yahoo Senior Vice President of Mobile and Emerging Products Adam Cahan told TechCrunch during our visit that native ads align well with the company s range of products and will show up in more forms as Yahoo s apps evolve.

As all of this content Yahoo serves increasingly includes things like auto-playing video on mobile, the company is also ramping up engineering efforts to deliver a better user experience through technical improvements behind the scenes. Just as Facebook wants to reduce apparent article load times by pre-loading content in its app, Yahoo Mobile VP Benoit Schillings says the company is looking at building logic into the client running on a user s phone so that the news, sports, or social updates are already there when a user opens an app.

With 1,000 people working toward improving Yahoo s mobile product offerings, hundreds of millions of users and aligned incentives between its apps and monetization model, there are plenty of ways to make the case that the Sunnyvale-based company is still a contender in the mobile landscape.

But without a software platform of its own or a detailed graph of its users  social graphs or interests, Yahoo is fighting an uphill battle that requires faster and sustained innovation on seemingly every front. It s certainly fun to watch. IBM's Rometty Raises Profile for Women at Sun Valley Confab IBM Chief Executive Officer Ginni Rometty and her counterpart at General Motors Co., Mary Barra, are scheduled to attend Allen & Co. s annual Sun Valley Conference, underscoring a growing number of female and non-media attendees.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Other women invitees who weren t on last year s list include Sara Blakely, founder of the hosiery company Spanx Inc., Eventbrite Inc. s Julia Hartz, SunEdison Inc. s Cathy Zoi and Lorna Borenstein of Grokker Inc., which offers cooking and other classes online. They join familiar names on the roster including Facebook Inc. s Sheryl Sandberg, Yahoo! Inc. s Marissa Mayer, Hewlett-Packard s Meg Whitman and Xerox Corp. s Ursula Burns.

Women still make up a small percentage of the attendees at the conference -- fewer than 25 of the more than 300 invited. Yet that s almost twice the number from last year, according to the current list and past copies obtained by Bloomberg News.

The conference, sponsored by the investment bank Allen & Co. every July at Idaho s Sun Valley Resort, began as an event for media executives and has branched out in recent years to include technology and other industries.

Tesla Motors Inc. co-founder and CEO Elon Musk will be making his first appearance at the conference, based on an examination of past rosters. Khobi Brooklyn, a Tesla spokeswoman, confirmed he s attending. Barra, who became GM s first female CEO ever in January 2014, will also attend, said a spokesman, Pat Morrissey.

Many high-profile deals have been hatched at the conference, from Walt Disney Co. s $19 billion merger with Capital Cities/ABC Inc. in 1995 to Jeff Bezos s $250 million purchase of the Washington Post two years ago.

Allen & Co., based in New York, didn t respond to a request for comment. Last year, the company advised Facebook on its $19 billion acquisition of WhatsApp, a mobile messaging company.

Media moguls still feature prominently at the conference, including Rupert Murdoch, Barry Diller, Les Moonves, Bob Iger, Casey Wasserman and Harvey Weinstein.

Read this next: 
2015-07-04
Yahoo tests Google's results in its search, still complies Bing's agreement Share this: Reddit

Facebook

Twitter

Google

LinkedIn



Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been in a struggle since long for recapturing growth. As per recent reports, it has been confirmed by Yahoo that it is testing with the help of search results of Google. This is permissible under the deal that was re-discussed with Microsoft. User data or plans aren t collected by the search engine for turning over more than half the revenue to charities.

This week it was noticed by SEO Book s Aaron Wall that some search results that were being obtained through Yahoo were from Google. The arrangement has been confirmed by both to the NYT, but the partnership details wouldn t be disclosed very well. As per the new deal, Bing Ads can be cut down by Yahoo by 51 percent. The rest would be filled by Gemini Systems that is owned by Yahoo or by other partners. Google is the search leader having 54.5 percent market share in this year, despite a small slump in market share.

Previously the search results of Yahoo were exclusively provided by Microsoft Bing, but the agreement was ended in April. This is possible as a search partnership with Google is being tested by Yahoo.

A costly anti-trust case is already being fought by Google in Europe wherein 90 percent of the searches are controlled. Instead, in intent based search, universal search is strategically deployed by Google in a way through which the product is degraded for slowing and excluding challengers to its search paradigm.

At one point of time, Yahoo used to be a popular homepage and search engine among users. On the other hand, Yahoo has Google with it for promotion of search advertisements and search results, for benefitting the company. With this assessment, new concerns would be raised about Google in the investigation carried out by the European Commission. But this is for sure that Yahoo is sure to enjoy loads of benefits.

[ Source ] 
2015-07-22
Yahoo! Inc (YHOO) 2Q15 Results and Update on the Spin-Off of Aabaco Holdings On July 17, 2015, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO, $39.73, Market Capitalization of $37.3 billion) filed a form N-2 with the SEC in connection with the spin-off. The name selected for the new public company is Aabaco Holdings, Inc. Under the spin-off plan, announced on January 27, 2015, Yahoo plans to distribute all of the outstanding shares of Aabaco Holdings pro rata to its shareholders. Immediately after the spin-off, Aabaco Holdings will own approximately 384 million shares of Alibaba Group, representing an ownership interest of approximately 15% in Alibaba Group, and a 100% ownership interest in a Yahoo Small Business. The exact number of shares of the Aabaco s common stock to be distributed in the spin-off will not be known until the record date. In the latest filing, the company has mentioned that the spin-off could result in significant tax liabilities as one of the major risks. Additional and updated information will be provided in subsequent amendments to the Form N-2. The spin-off is expected to be completed in 4Q15, subject to final approval by Yahoo s board of directors and the satisfaction or waiver by Yahoo of certain tax and regulatory conditions.

Following the spin-off, Yahoo will not retain any ownership interest in Aabaco Holdings. However, directors, officers, and employees of Yahoo who own shares of Yahoo s common stock on the record date for the spin-off will receive shares of the Aabaco s common stock in connection with the spin-off in the same ratio as other Yahoo stockholders. Aabaco anticipates that the value of its Alibaba Shares will exceed 95% of the value of its total assets immediately after the spin-off is completed. Aabaco expects to achieve its investment objective by continuing to invest at least 80% of its total assets in Alibaba Shares under normal market conditions.

Valuation and Recommendation

We calculate the intrinsic value of Yahoo to be $51.50 (assuming current spin-off transaction is tax-free), using the sum-of-the-parts (SOTP) method. The target price offers an upside potential of 29.6% from the current level of $39.73. Accordingly, we assign a BUY rating on the stock. We use a conservative EV to EBITDA multiple of 5.0x, to value the core Yahoo business. The value of the stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan are calculated using the current market prices.

Yahoo! Inc: 2Q15 Results Review

On July 21, 2015, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO, $39.73, Market Capitalization $37.3 billion), reported a mixed operational 2Q15 results in line with the guidance on GAAP revenue performance. Net Revenue (excluding traffic acquisition costs) was modestly up 0.3% YoY to $1.04 billion, in-line with the company guidance ($1.01-1.05 billion) and a slight beat versus consensus of $1.03 billion. Traffic acquisition costs, the amount Yahoo spends to attract users to Yahoo websites, increased to $200.2 million in 2Q15 from $43.8 million a year earlier. Gross profit was $747 million in 2Q15, down 17.7% YoY. Non GAAP Operating margin slipped 900 bps to 8.7% (in line with company guidance of 7.2%-8.8%). Net loss was at $22 million as against a profit of $270 million in corresponding quarter in the previous year. Non GAAP net income declined 60% to $153 million and Non GAAP EPS stood at $0.16 in 2Q15 as against $0.37 in 2Q14. For 3Q15, company has guided for GAAP revenue of $1.23-$1.27 billion and net revenue of $1.00-1.04 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $200-240 million and non GAAP operating income of $50-90 million.

Display net revenue of $407 million increased 3.3% YoY. The number of ads sold on Yahoo increased 9% YoY and price per ad increased 10% YoY. Search net revenue of $415 million decreased 2.9% YoY. The number of paid clicks increased approx 13% YoY whereas price-per-click increased approx 4%, resulting in search click-driven revenue growth of 17% YoY. Other net revenue of $221 million increased 1.0% YoY. Gross Margin declined 538 bps YoY to 71.6% in 2Q15. Adjusted EBITDA of $262 million was at higher end of the guidance ($240-$260 million). Non-GAAP EPS of $0.16 was below consensus estimate of $0.18. Headcount was reduced from 11,800 (end of 1Q15) to 11,000 currently. Are Microsoft, Yahoo, and IBM Still Good Investments After a Disappointing ...  Opinion: Here's your golden opportunity to buy Apple's stock What would you say if I told you about a company that had increased quarterly sales by 33% and earnings by 38%, while widening its profit margin, reducing its share count through buybacks and building up a record cash hoard of over $200 billion?

And what would you say if that same company s stock was trading for 13.7 times analysts  2015 earnings estimates, less than the S&P 500 Index s 17.5?

The company is Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% The maker of the iPhone published results after the market closed Tuesday, and investors sent its stock down as much as 8% in extended trading. The shares declined 4% Wednesday to close at $125.22. Since then, the stock has declined even further to $122.82 Monday afternoon.

Read: 5 reasons why Apple s stock still beats Google s

Still, Apple pretty much hit a home run. The following tables put Apple s quarterly results into perspective. The company was in the lead for best sales-per-share growth among the 78 S&P 500 member companies that had reported results this earnings season through Tuesday.

Here are the 10 S&P 500 companies with the largest increases in sales per share:

Here are changes to earnings per share for the same set of companies:

There were two negative aspects to Apple s earnings announcement that caused some analysts and investors to lose faith. Apple provided guidance, saying it expected sales for its fiscal fourth quarter to range between $49 billion and $51 billion. That was below the consensus estimate of $51.13 billion, among analysts polled by Thomson Reuters, before Apple s announcement.

Sales of  only  $49 billion would represent a year-over-year increase of 16%, less impressive growth than Apple registered in the fiscal third quarter. Then again, during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2014, Apple increased sales by 12%. Apple s sales tend to be much stronger in the first two fiscal quarters because new iPhone models are released in the fall.

Read: The message for bulls in Apple s earnings

There was plenty of negative reaction in the media to the sales guidance. Articles featured quotes from analysts saying Apple s sales are slowing. That s misleading. Maybe the pace of sales growth is slowing, but nobody expects the company s quarterly sales to decline from a year earlier.

Another irritation for investors was Apple s cagey comments about sales of the new Apple Watch. In the earnings release, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company was  incredibly excited  about the watch. That s it. During the earnings conference call, he said quite a bit about various ways customers have been using the watch, and that sales had accounted for  well over 100%  of growth in revenue from  other products.  That category, which includes Apple TV, Beats Electronics, the iPod and the Apple Watch, posted a sales increase of 49% to $2.64 billion.

Read: Apple stock downgraded on China demand concerns

Cook said the company s decision not to release sales data for the watch was  not a matter of not being transparent, it was a matter of not giving our competition insight [into] a product that we ve worked really hard on.  That s a type of statement that really irks investors. It s difficult to understand how providing sales figures would have given much  insight  to competitors, unless it would have discouraged them from competing in the smart watch business.

He added that  sales of the Watch did exceed our expectations and they did so despite supply still trailing demand at the end of the quarter,  and that  the Apple Watch sell-through was higher than the comparable launch periods of the original iPhone or the original iPad. 

So Cook seems hopeful about the long-term prospects for the Apple Watch, despite the perception that demand is weak. It s possible that the Apple Watch won t become a popular product, and that would be alarming to investors because of its major rollout this year. But as we have seen with Amazon.com AMZN, -1.29% which was forced to announce a $170 million write-down on its failed Fire Phone, a large company developing new technology can recover quickly. Amazon s stock has soared 57% this year.

On a brighter note, Apple grew sales in China by 112% to $13 billion and said emerging markets contributed 35% of its total revenue. It was also interesting to see a 9% increase in Mac computer unit sales, with Mac revenue also rising by 9% to $6.03 billion. It s a tall order to increase PC sales these days.

Apple s stock

FactSet Before its decline in after-market trading Tuesday, Apple s stock was showing strength, trading above its 30-, 50- and 200-day moving averages.

Apple s stock closed at $124.50 on Friday. It was trading for 13.6 times the consensus 2015 EPS estimate of $9.10, according to analysts polled by FactSet. What makes Apple look even more attractive, by this measure, is the fact that analysts expect earnings per share for the S&P 500, excluding the beleaguered energy sector, to rise by 4.5%, according to S&P Capital IQ. That s a decent figure, but it pales in comparison with Apple s 45% EPS increase.

Apple s earnings per share jumped 45%, and net income rose 38%. The difference is explained by the buybacks, which reduced the company s diluted share count by 5% from a year earlier. During the first three quarters of fiscal 2015, Apple bought back $22 billion worth of shares, but its cash and marketable securities rose to a record 202.8 billion.

There s been a lot of discussion recently about how buybacks might amount to  financial engineering,  especially if a company is buying back shares at high prices, or if the buybacks simply counter the dilution caused by stock-based compensation to executives, or if the money might be better spent on business expansion. But those arguments don t mean much in the case of Apple, whose cash is piling up.

Though Apple s stock is depressed, it is nonetheless an incredible bargain. Stock Market News for July 22, 2015 - Market News Disappointing earnings results dragged benchmarks to the red on Tuesday. The Dow slumped by triple-digit points following dismal earnings results from IBM and United Technologies. However, a slight recovery in oil prices boosted energy shares. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq snapped its three-day winning streak to settle in negative territory.





For a look at the issues currently facing the markets, make sure to read today's Ahead of Wall Street article

The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) lost 1%, or 181.12 points, to close at 17,919.29 The Standard & Poor's 500 (S&P 500) declined 0.4% to 2,119.21. The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index closed at 5,208.12, decreasing 0.2%. However, the fear-gauge CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) declined a meager 0.2% to settle at 12.22. A total of about 6.15 billion shares were traded on Tuesday, lower than month-to-date average of 6.54 billion. Decliners outpaced advancing stocks on the NYSE. For 58% stocks that declined, 39% advanced.

Shares of International Business Machines Corporation ( IBM ) dropped 5.9%, its biggest decline since Oct 20, 2014, after reporting second quarter revenues of $20.81 billion, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $21.02 billion. The figure also declined about 13.5% year over year. This was the 13 th consecutive quarter in which the company reported year-on-year decline in revenues. Though IBM's non-GAAP earnings of $3.84 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.80, it decreased 12.5% from the prior-year period.

Moreover, United Technologies Corporation ( UTX ) posted second quarter 2015 net income of $1,542 million or $1.73 per share, down from $1,680 million or $1.84 in the year-ago quarter. Also, total revenue for the second quarter decreased 5.0% year over year to $16,333 million, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $16,660 million. Foreign exchange headwind was the main reason behind this dismal result. United Technologies also revised its 2015 guidance lower.. UTX's shares plunged 7%, witnessing its worst performance since Sep 22, 2011. It was also the biggest decliner among the Dow components.

In terms of weightage in the blue-chip index, IBM and United Technologies hold the second and tenth position. Thus, the drop in their shares accounted for 118 points loss in Dow, which ultimately ended with loss of 181 points.

Meanwhile, another Dow component, Verizon Communications Inc.'s ( VZ ) shares lost nearly 2.4% after reporting second quarter total revenue of $32,224 million, lower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $32,523 million.

Total earnings for 80 S&P 500 index members are up only 1.5% on essentially flat revenues (0.6% decline), with 69.1% beating EPS estimates and 43.2% coming ahead of top-line expectations.

Dismal earnings results also dragged down the US dollar against some of the major currencies yesterday. The dollar declined nearly 1% against a bunch of currencies. While the euro improved 1.1% to $1.0942, the yen added 0.3% against the dollar.

However, Harley-Davidson, Inc.'s ( HOG ) shares jumped 5% after announcing second quarter earnings per share of $1.44, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.39. Also, consolidated revenues of $1.82 billion came ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.66 billion. Harley-Davidson was the second-best performer among the S&P 500 companies.

Separately, shares of Baker Hughes Incorporated ( BHI ) gained 2% after declaring second quarter total revenue of $3,968 million, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3,950 million. Moreover, the prices of WTI crude oil and Brent crude oil rebounded on Tuesday and gained 0.4% and 0.7% to $50.36 per barrel and $57.04 a barrel, respectively.

Baker Hughes' revenue beat and oil price recovery boosted the Energy Select Sector SPDR (XLE) to finish in positive territory. It was also the only gainer among the S&P 500 sectors on Tuesday. Key energy stocks including Halliburton Company ( HAL ), Chevron Corporation ( CVX ), Schlumberger Limited ( SLB ) and EQT Corporation ( EQT ) gained 2.8%, 1%, 0.9% and 0.9%, respectively.

Meanwhile, tech earnings including that from Apple Inc ( AAPL ), Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) and Yahoo Inc ( YHOO ), which released yesterday after the closing bell, will remain on investors' radar in today's session.

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 
2015-11-12
Yahoo Releases New Survey on the Impact of Technology on Politics in the ... NEW YORK & SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ahead of the inaugural live event, Digital Democracy: The Yahoo News Conference on Technology & Politics, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) today released results of a new online survey that shows a clear racial divide over how Americans feel about the effect of the Internet and social media on politics. While voters overwhelmingly feel that social media and the internet spread misinformation (83%), the findings show that minority voters are especially likely to feel technology has made the American political debate more representative.

Yahoo News commissioned the survey, conducted by Harris Poll in September 2015 among 5,188 registered voters, to gain a deeper understanding of their perspectives on the issues surrounding how technology has influenced their ability to communicate with politicians, their perspectives on cybersecurity, privacy, and the infrastructure of technological education in this country.

According to survey highlights:

White Americans are by far the most pessimistic when it comes to the country s future

71 percent of Caucasians believe the U.S. is  going off on the wrong track,  compared to 55 percent of Asians, 54 percent of Hispanics, and just 41 percent of African-Americans.

The majority of African-Americans (59%) think the U.S. is  going in the right direction. 

There are differences in how ethnic groups feel about whether technology has empowered new voices in the political debate, with whites being among the most skeptical across all categories

Three out of four African-Americans and Hispanics (74% and 73%) believe that the web and social media have  made political discussion more representative of what Americans really think,  as compared to two out of three Asians (69%), and just three out of five Caucasians (60%).

Fifty-five percent of African-Americans think that the Internet and social media have made minority voters  more influential  in politics, compared to 51 percent of Hispanics, 45 percent of Caucasians, and just 43 percent of Asians.

Seventy-eight percent of Asians feel that tech has made politics  more inclusive,  as do 77 percent of African-Americans, 72 percent of Hispanics, and 67 percent of Caucasians.

Minority groups are more optimistic than whites about the political uses of tech

At roughly 60 percent, Caucasians fall 10 to 15 points behind African-Americans and Asians, and 3 to 6 points behind Hispanics in their view of whether it s  easier to find the truth about an issue or candidates because of the internet and social media  (60%) and whether these technologies  ensure more transparency in the campaign process. (59%) 

Fifty-seven percent of Caucasian voters think social media has made politics more negative, followed by Hispanics and Asians at 50 percent and 51 percent, and 41 percent of African-Americans.

Minorities have higher hopes for the possibility of engaging with political candidates electronically as compared to whites

Fifty percent of African-Americans want to engage political candidates through social media, while only 32 percent of Caucasians feel the same way.

Hispanics scored among the highest in most categories of online engagement, as well as offline, physical world civic involvement. They were most among the most likely to view a presidential candidate s picture on social media (30%), to watch their video (30%) or to read their blog (26%). They reported the highest levels of regularly posting on social media about current events (26%), attending a public meeting on school or town affairs (19%), attending a political rally, speech or organized protest (10%), and writing letters to newspapers (8%) or calling a radio show (8%).



Overall, 83 percent of voters believe that the web and social media spread misinformation. This includes:

85% of Caucasians

83% percent of Asians

81% of Hispanics

78% of African-Americans

Most voters have a limited view of the reach of their own influence as an individual, even with the advent of social media

Just 23 percent of Hispanics believe technology has given them more of a voice in politics, 21 percent of African-Americans, 18 percent of whites, and 15 percent of Asians.

White Americans are most skeptical of information they see online

Nearly half (45%) of Caucasians think it s difficult to know who to trust because every news organization has a bias, as compared to 34 percent of Hispanics, 32 percent of Asians, and 29 percent of African-Americans.

African-Americans are more inclined to give government the benefit of the doubt on matters of cyber-security

Nearly half of African-Americans think the government (47%) and corporate sector (46%) are  well prepared  for cyber attacks, as compared to a third of Hispanics (35% and 36%) and Asians (32% and 33%), and just about one-fifth of Caucasians (20% and 21%).

17 percent of African-Americans trust the government to keep their information safe from hackers, along with just 8 percent of Caucasians, 14 percent of Hispanics and 12 percent of Asians.

Sixty-seven percent of whites think former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s use of a private e-mail server during her time in government is a serious matter, compared to just 60 percent of Hispanics and Asians, and 42 percent of African-Americans.

The survey findings will be presented during Digital Democracy: The Yahoo Conference on Technology & Politics at Drake University on November 12, 2015. The full-day event will feature conversations with high profile influencers including, elected officials, campaign strategists, tech industry leaders, top journalists and futurists discussing the ways in which technology is shaping the future of our democratic process and the relationship between citizens and their government.

For more information on Digital Democracy: The Yahoo Conference on Technology & Politics, go to: http://yahoodigitaldemocracy.tumblr.com/

Tune into the livestreamed event on Thursday, November 12, at 10:30am ET: yhoo.it/digitaldemocracy

Full survey results available upon request: caitlinoneill@yahoo-inc.com

Methodology

This nationally representative survey was conducted online within the United States by Harris Poll on behalf of Yahoo from September 15-25, 2015 among 5,188 US adults ages 18 and older who are registered to vote. This online survey is not based on a probability sample and therefore no estimate of theoretical sampling error can be calculated. For complete survey methodology, including weighting variables, please contact the Yahoo PR team.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' digital habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Why Did Darden, but Not Yahoo, Get Spinoff Ruling? Nov. 10   Darden Restaurants Inc., which completed a spinoff of its restaurants into a real estate investment trust Nov. 9, said it received a private letter ruling from the IRS about the transaction, raising questions about why the agency declined to rule on Yahoo! Inc.'s planned deal.



The two transactions both have small active businesses in the new company formed in the spin, Robert Willens, a tax consultant in New York, told Bloomberg BNA Nov. 10. Darden is spinning off six LongHorn Steakhouse franchise restaurants with the real estate and Yahoo is spinning off a small business advertising unit with its Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. shares.



Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service officials are watching increasing numbers of corporate and REIT spinoffs, especially those that have relatively small qualifying businesses and retention of control over or use of the REIT's assets through long-term leases or other arrangements. The IRS is studying several issues tied to tax-free spinoffs under tax code Section 355 and is considering issuing regulations that could change the taxability of those transactions (178 DTR G-3, 9/15/15).



Comparing Concerns



 Somehow, Darden got the IRS to rule that the active business requirement was satisfied even though the business actively conducted by the spun-off REIT is, at best, de minimis,  Willens said.  Does that signal some sort of hostility toward the Yahoo spinoff? 



Darden's and Yahoo's transactions aren't exactly equivalent transactions, Jonathan Talansky, member at Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo PC, told Bloomberg BNA. Yahoo also faces  device  factors, meaning that the spinoff can't just be a means to distribute earnings and profits to shareholders tax-free.

 For REIT spins, the pressure point is business purpose,  Talansky said.



It's easier for companies to justify the reason for a real estate spinoff because there are cost-of-capital benefits, such as cheaper financing, associated with being a publicly traded REIT, he said.



Recent Ruling



Darden, the owner of Olive Garden and the Capital Grille, received the private letter ruling within the past three weeks. The company said Oct. 21 that the ruling was still pending. The ruling is tied to  issues relevant to the qualification of the spin-off as tax-free,  a Nov. 9 news release said. The company also received opinions from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and KPMG LLP. Skadden is also advising Yahoo's transaction.



Darden Chief Executive Officer Gene Lee told investors Oct. 16 that he thinks the transaction has  a substantial business purpose  and that he's  really confident that our proposed transaction will satisfy all the requirements of applicable law.  Darden separated 488 stores through the sale-leaseback of 64 restaurant properties, and a REIT spin that will include 424 restaurants(204 DTR G-7, 10/22/15).



McDonald's Passes



Darden's REIT spinoff was completed one day before McDonald's Corp. said it won't form a REIT after reviewing the tax advantages and shareholders' long-term interests. The world's largest restaurant chain has been under pressure from some investors to create a REIT to unlock value in their real estate holdings and to save on taxes.



 Any potential value creation from a REIT is outweighed by the significant financial and operational risks to our business and the continued progress of our turnaround,  Chief Administrative Officer Pete Bensen said Nov. 10.



To contact the reporter on this story: Laura Davison in Washington at ldavison@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Brett Ferguson at bferguson@bna.com Walmart Announces Its Black Friday Sales Event: Here Are All the Tech Deals We are closing in on the  most wonderful time of the year ! And by that I mean Black Friday sale craziness is only a couple weeks away.

On Thursday, Walmart   the biggest player in the holiday sales game   announced its list of online and in-store Black Friday deals. Like last season, the retail giant is offering plenty of tech gadgets in its mix of sale items. Also familiar to its last Black Friday sale event: many of the items on said list of tech gadgets.

There s an iPad, an Xbox One bundle, Beats headphones, a number of inexpensive laptops, and lots and lots of Blu-ray and DVD movies. The usual stuff. (You can cut to the chase and see the full listing.)

In fact, the biggest change to Walmart s Black Friday sale this year is that the whole event has been simplified. First, the company is axing its typical rollout of various, staggered sales events from Thanksgiving Thursday through the weekend. Instead, Walmart s entire Black Friday sale will begin online at 12:01 a.m. PST on Thanksgiving morning and in stores at 6 p.m. local time Thanksgiving evening. Second, the worldwide retailer has made  more than 95 percent  of this year s Black Friday sale items available online, so there should be less reason to leave your turkey dinner early to fight through those crowds at the stores.

One of the reasons to put pants on and shop IRL at Walmart s Black Friday event: As it s done in years past, the store will again guarantee availability for select sale items (all electronics department stuff) to customers who come in-store to claim them during the first hour of the sale, between 6 and 7 p.m.

This year s items guaranteed to be available:

iPad Air 2 in gold 16GB   $399 ($100 savings)



($100 savings) Xbox One 500GB bundled with Gears of War game   $299 ($50 savings, includes $30 Walmart gift card)

game   ($50 savings, includes $30 Walmart gift card) Beats Studio headphones   $169 ($131 savings)



($131 savings) HP 15-inch touch-screen laptop 500GB   $249 (special price)



(special price) LG 55-inch Smart 4K UHD TV   $698 ($300 savings)



Some other noteworthy techie treats in the sale:

PlayStation 4 bundled with Uncharted game   $299 ($50 savings)



game   ($50 savings) Roku 32-inch Smart HDTV   $125 (special buy)



(special buy) Samsung 60-inch 4K Ultra HDTV   $900 ($800 savings, online only)

($800 savings, online only) Dell Black 15.6-inch Intel i3 laptop   $279 ($120 savings, online only)

($120 savings, online only) Fitbit Flex wristband   $59 ($40 savings)

($40 savings) Fitbit Charge HR heart rate and activity wristband   $119 ($30 savings)



($30 savings) NBA2K16, Madden  16 and FIFA  16 for Xbox One   $27 each ($33 savings)



See the rest of the sale.

So that s Walmart s big holiday sale information drop; you may do with it what you wish. Shop online, shop in-store, or don t shop at all. Happy holidays!

Update: Some product details and prices have been corrected.

Don t miss these other awesome Yahoo Tech stories:

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Canadian government requests for Facebook info up 47% in latest report Facebook Inc said in a report on Wednesday that government demands for its user data surged in the first half of 2015, taking a trend that began at least two years ago when the company started revealing such requests to new heights.

Government access to personal data from telephone and Web companies has become a contentious privacy issue since former spy agency contractor Edward Snowden revealed surreptitious surveillance programs.

The technology industry has pushed for greater transparency on government data requests, seeking to shake off concerns that they are working with the government and violating user privacy.

Facebook's biannual report is one of the chief indicators of government interest in the company's data. The social media giant is generally not allowed to publicize specific requests by law enforcement and spy agencies.

Government requests for account data globally jumped 18 per cent in the first half of 2015 to 41,214 accounts, up from 35,051 requests in the second half of 2014, Facebook said in the report posted on its website.

Canada: 410 requests Jan.-June 2015

In the first half of this year, Facebook took down 20,568 posts and other pieces of content that violated local laws, more than doubling the number taken down in the second half of 2014. Such restricted content includes anything from Nazi propaganda in Germany to depictions of violent crimes.

Facebook's user base has grown explosively to 1.55 billion people, up from 1.4 billion in the second half of last year.

Facebook says the vast majority of requests are regarding criminal cases, and the governments often requests basic subscriber information, IP addresses or account content, including people's posts online.

With respect to "valid requests relating to criminal cases," the company reported 410 requests concerning 508 accounts in Canada in the first half of 2015, with data produced 79 per cent of the time.

That represented a 47 per cent increase from 279 requests regarding 355 accounts from the Canadian government in the last half of 2014. Data was produced 58 per cent of the time during that period.

The number of requests from Canadian officials in the six-month periods in the first year Facebook , 2013, were under 200.

The bulk of government requests came from U.S. law enforcement agencies. U.S. agencies requested data from 26,579 accounts - comprising more than 60 per cent of requests globally - up from 21,731 accounts in the second half of 2014.

Content most often taken down in India, Turkey

France, Germany and Britain also made up a large per centage of the requests and had far more content restricted in 2015. Some of the content taken down in Germany, for example, may relate to Holocaust denial, Facebook said.

India and Turkey were responsible for most of the content taken down for violating local laws. India had 15,155 pieces of content restricted - nearly triple the amount in the second half of 2014 - while Turkey had 4,496, up from 3,624. The number of Facebook users in India is up nearly 70 million since June 2014, to more than 190 million users.

Governments have increasingly relied on Facebook's vast troves of user data to help investigate criminal cases, which are responsible for most of the requests, Facebook said.

"Facebook does not provide any government with 'back doors' or direct access to people's data," Facebook wrote.

Facebook, Microsoft Corp, Yahoo Inc and Alphabet Inc, formerly Google, last year began publishing details about the number of government requests for data they receive. 
2015-01-06
How EBay Inc Gets To $100 By The End Of 2017  Verizon is interested in other firms, not just AOL Verizon Communications Inc. is exploring a potential acquisition or joint venture with AOL Inc. to help it expand mobile-video offerings, people with knowledge of the matter said.



The wireless carrier hasn't made a formal proposal to AOL, and no agreement is imminent, said the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private. Speaking at a conference Tuesday, Verizon Chief Executive Lowell McAdam said the company isn't having "significant acquisition discussions" and is more interested in partnerships with media companies and content providers, rather than buying them.



"AOL, along with lots of other media companies, are potential for us to do partnerships," Mr. McAdam said.





article continues below advertisement

Chasing AT&T

Verizon is primarily interested in AOL's programmatic advertising technology the automated buying and selling of ads online which could be paired with a future online-video product, two of the people said. With a takeover it would also gain paying subscribers and Internet properties including the Huffington Post.AOL CEO Tim Armstrong has used digital-advertising acquisitions to transform it from the Internet portal once known for its "You've got mail" alerts. Verizon is seeking expertise in three areas: online content, mobile video and advertising, one person said, and a venture rather than a takeover would keep it focused in those areas."Verizon needs a digital response and AOL has shown the best strategic foresight of navigating the digital-video world," said Laura Martin, a senior analyst at Needham & Co. "Verizon can buy or build that, but it's unlikely to build it fast enough."The company also has held talks with several of AOL's peers about how to bolster those businesses, one person said.After rising as much as 7% earlier, AOL shares gave back some of those gains following McAdam's comments. The stock climbed 3.5% to $46.30 as of 1:21 p.m. in New York, giving AOL a market value of about $3.6 billion. Verizon rose less than 1%, for a market value of about $194 billion.Spokesmen for Verizon and AOL declined to comment.

Researcher EMarketer Inc. projected in July that mobile advertising would lead 2014's rise in total media ad spending in the U.S., with advertisers spending 83% more on tablets and smartphones than they did in 2013 an increase of $8.04 billion. Verizon is looking to catch up with AT&T Inc. as wireless providers enhance their offerings. AT&T last year struck a $48.5 billion deal to acquire satellite TV provider DirecTV.



With a takeover, Verizon would also gain AOL's 2.3 million paying members, in addition to Internet brands TechCrunch and Engadget. It's unclear if Verizon is interested in those media properties, which draw more than 200 million unique visitors a month, the fourth-most in the U.S., behind Google Inc., Yahoo Inc. and Facebook Inc., according to November data from researcher ComScore Inc.

Early portal

Once called America Online, AOL was one of the main portals through which people first accessed the Internet. Its trajectory peaked with a now-infamous $124 billion combination with Time Warner 15 years ago, after which it began losing customers to faster services from telephone and cable-television carriers.



After years of losses the merger was unwound with a spinoff in late 2009.



Some of AOL's members still use its dial-up Internet service, though the company is winding down that business. If Verizon acquired the New York-based company, it could continue that process and convert some of those customers to its FiOS broadband service, one of the people said.



Verizon is dedicating three executives to help develop a mobile-video service and integrate acquired technology, known as OnCue, from Intel Inc. last year and EdgeCast Networks Inc. in December 2013. AT&T and The Chernin Group announced a joint venture to acquire and develop online-video services in April 2014.

AOL transformed

Verizon is still paying off debt from buying Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless last year for $130 billion, and the company is stockpiling cash to acquire wireless spectrum in an auction that began in November. Both could hamper the New York company's ability to make an acquisition, two people said.



AOL CEO Mr. Armstrong's investments in ad technology have brought growth, with the promise of profits not far off. His largest transaction was 2013's $418 million purchase of Adap.tv Inc., which matches advertisers and video publishers through an exchange.



The strategy is to make AOL a company advertisers use to automate their purchases of placements on websites and online videos across the Web. While ads are everywhere online, marketers have found it difficult to ensure their messages are getting in front of their ideal audiences, a dilemma AOL's technology is meant to address.



Activist shareholder Starboard Value proposed last year that Yahoo explore a combination with AOL. SunTrust's Peck Lists 10 Reasons Why a Twitter (TWTR)/Yahoo! (YHOO) Combo ...  Verizon Said to Approach AOL for Possible Takeover, Venture Verizon Communications Inc. is exploring a potential acquisition or joint venture with AOL Inc. to help it expand mobile-video offerings, people with knowledge of the matter said.

The wireless carrier hasn t made a formal proposal to AOL, and no agreement is imminent, said the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private. Speaking at a conference today, Verizon Chief Executive Lowell McAdam said the company isn t having  significant acquisition discussions  and is more interested in partnerships with media companies and content providers, rather than buying them.

 AOL, along with lots of other media companies, are potential for us to do partnerships,  McAdam said.

Verizon is primarily interested in AOL s programmatic advertising technology -- the automated buying and selling of ads online -- which could be paired with a future online-video product, two of the people said. With a takeover it would also gain paying subscribers and Internet properties including the Huffington Post.

AOL CEO Tim Armstrong has used digital-advertising acquisitions to transform it from the Internet portal once known for its  You ve got mail  alerts. Verizon is seeking expertise in three areas: online content, mobile video and advertising, one person said, and a venture -- rather than a takeover -- would keep it focused in those areas.

 Digital Response 

 Verizon needs a digital response and AOL has shown the best strategic foresight of navigating the digital-video world,  said Laura Martin, a senior analyst at Needham & Co.  Verizon can buy or build that, but it s unlikely to build it fast enough. 

The company also has held talks with several of AOL s peers about how to bolster those businesses, one person said.

AOL rose 3.4 percent to $46.25 a share in New York, giving the company a market value of about $3.6 billion. Verizon rose 1 percent to $47.04, for a market value of about $195 billion.

Spokesmen for Verizon and AOL declined to comment.

Chasing AT&T

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Researcher EMarketer Inc. projected in July that mobile advertising would lead 2014 s rise in total media ad spending in the U.S., with advertisers spending 83 percent more on tablets and smartphones than they did in 2013 -- an increase of $8.04 billion. Verizon is looking to catch up with AT&T Inc. as wireless providers enhance their offerings. AT&T last year struck a $48.5 billion deal to acquire satellite TV provider DirecTV.

With a takeover, Verizon would also gain AOL s 2.3 million paying members, in addition to Internet brands TechCrunch and Engadget. It s unclear if Verizon is interested in those media properties, which draw more than 200 million unique visitors a month, the fourth-most in the U.S., behind Google Inc., Yahoo Inc. and Facebook Inc., according to November data from researcher ComScore Inc.

Once called America Online, AOL was one of the main portals through which people first accessed the Internet. Its trajectory peaked with a now-infamous $124 billion combination with Time Warner 15 years ago, after which it began losing customers to faster services from telephone and cable-television carriers.

After years of losses the merger was unwound with a spinoff in late 2009.

Some of AOL s members still use its dial-up Internet service, though the company is winding down that business. If Verizon acquired the New York-based company, it could continue that process and convert some of those customers to its FiOS broadband service, one of the people said.

Verizon is dedicating three executives to help develop a mobile-video service and integrate acquired technology, known as OnCue, from Intel Inc. last year and EdgeCast Networks Inc. in December 2013. AT&T and The Chernin Group announced a joint venture to acquire and develop online-video services in April

2014.

AOL Transformed

Verizon is still paying off debt from buying Vodafone s 45 percent stake in Verizon Wireless last year for $130 billion, and the company is stockpiling cash to acquire wireless spectrum in an auction that began in November. Both could hamper the New York company s ability to make an acquisition, two people said.

AOL CEO Armstrong s investments in ad technology have brought growth, with the promise of profits not far off. His largest transaction was 2013 s $418 million purchase of Adap.tv Inc., which matches advertisers and video publishers through an exchange.

The strategy is to make AOL a company advertisers use to automate their purchases of placements on websites and online videos across the Web. While ads are everywhere online, marketers have found it difficult to ensure their messages are getting in front of their ideal audiences, a dilemma AOL s technology is meant to address.

Activist shareholder Starboard Value LP proposed last year that Yahoo explore a combination with AOL. Yahoo's next act: Cable TV? All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.

Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.

ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc.

Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.

S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.

Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Qualcomm's Brilliant Investment Owning QCOM shares allows you to indirectly invest in the success of Xiaomi.

For Qualcomm, the close relationship between the two companies has been a game changer.

At the end of 2010, Qualcomm invested in a then little-known smartphone maker called Xiaomi.

More than a few times in history, large corporations have invested in a tiny startup that turned out to be a game-changer for the company.

It was true when Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) invested in Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), which several Yahoo activist shareholders claim is the most valuable part among Yahoo's business.

Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) investment in Xiaomi is one of the most important decisions Qualcomm Ventures has ever taken. Not only do I believe Qualcomm's stake in Xiaomi (an unknown amount) will be worth billions of dollars in the next several years, I believe it has significant and positive business implications for Qualcomm.

I'll divide the discussion between the investment implications for Qualcomm and the business implications. While the investment implications are not very significant, we can't ignore them.

Investment Implications

Qualcomm has not disclosed the size of its stake in Xiaomi. What we do know is that Qualcomm participated in the very first financing round held by Xiaomi where the company raised $41M.

Source: CrunchBase

We also know that Qualcomm led the Series B funding, which valued Xiaomi at $1B. Very little is known about the Series C investors other than Xiaomi was valued at $4B during the deal. Series D was said to value the company at $10B, and the recently announced Series E valued it at $40B.

The two variables here are the valuation of Series A and what share of each round Qualcomm covered. You can plug in your own estimates, but for the sake of this exercise, I'll assume Qualcomm covered a quarter of each round, and that Series A was raised according to a $500M valuation.

That means Xiaomi sold 8.2% of its business in round A and 9% of its business in round B. After these two rounds, Qualcomm owned 4.3% of Xiaomi.

I'll also assume that Qualcomm maintained its ownership and slightly added to it in the following rounds, which resulted in a 5% stake.

This 5% stake is now worth $2B. Qualcomm's cost basis is roughly $50M, which results in a return of close to 4,000% in under three years.

Xiaomi's future looks bright and its shipments are growing at a rapid clip. In 2014, the company shipped 61M units and is expected to get close to the 100M mark this year.

I could foresee an IPO as early as this year and, judging by the dynamics of its recent valuation, we might see an IPO valuation of around $100B. In that case, Qualcomm's stake will be worth $5B, which is more than 10% of Qualcomm's assets. Not too bad.

Business Implications

The more important implication is the business one. By building a strong relationship with Xiaomi, Qualcomm has managed to execute a brilliant strategy.

Qualcomm sells chips. It needs best-selling 'boxes' to house its chips. Xiaomi makes insanely fast-selling boxes. Let's examine Qualcomm's dollar content in Xiaomi's flagship smartphone, the Mi4.

If you want to see the Mi4 teardown for yourself, you can find it here.

I have cross-referenced similar chip costs in other smartphones. My research has discovered that Qualcomm is getting around $50 for each Xiaomi Mi4 smartphone with a Snapdragon processor.

Similar checks with Xiaomi's lower-end smartphones show roughly the same Qualcomm content.

Now, Xiaomi is offering a version of its smartphones that utilizes an Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) Tegra app processor. Assuming a 50/50 split, on average, Qualcomm gets $42 for each smartphone Xiaomi sells.

Xiaomi just announced it sold 61M smartphones in 2014, which means Qualcomm enjoyed $2.5B in revenues from Xiaomi's smartphone business. This is already roughly 10% of Qualcomm's revenues.

Let's take into account Xiaomi's future. In 2014, it shipped 3x the amount of smartphones it shipped in 2013. From this base of 61M smartphones, even if we make a conservative assumption of a 40% shipment growth for the next four years, we reach the following:

That means that Qualcomm will enjoy the following revenues from Xiaomi in the next four years:

Revenue in millions of dollars.

The revenue stream from Xiaomi could become 25-30% of Qualcomm's revenues just four years from now, when Xiaomi could become one of the most important customers for Qualcomm's entire business.

For comparison, Qualcomm's revenues for the 12 months ended in September 30 were $26.5B.

When the figure gets to a meaningful level, it could meaningfully affect Qualcomm's revenue growth rate. I believe this trend is still not talked about much in the investment community.

Challenges

Qualcomm's venture with Xiaomi is not free of challenges. Recently the Chinese government turned up the heat on Qualcomm's licensing business in the country.

Needless to say, to seamlessly grow its business in the country, Qualcomm will have to maintain good relations with the Chinese government.

In India, the High Court allowed Xiaomi to continue to sell Qualcomm-based handsets in the country, after it temporarily banned the sale of Xiaomi handsets that are carrying parts that Ericsson claims to be infringing its patents.

The regulatory status needs to be monitored closely going forward, and with each new market that Xiaomi penetrates.

Conclusion

Qualcomm's investment in Xiaomi and the relationship it established with the company position it to see a lucrative, fast growing revenue stream going forward.

In a matter of several years, Xiaomi could be one of the most important accounts for Qualcomm. This could pull up the company's revenue growth rate and drive Qualcomm through several very interesting years.

By investing in Qualcomm, you can indirectly enjoy the almost unbelievable shipment growth Xiaomi is showing.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-09-04
Yahoo's CFO Goldman to replace outgoing accounting officer Aman Kothari Aman S. Kothari, Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% senior vice president, global controller and chief accounting officer, is leaving on Sept. 11, the Internet company said Friday in a filing. Upon Kothari's departure, Chief Financial Officer Kenneth Goldman will serve as principal accounting officer, Yahoo said. Shares of Yahoo were flat in after-hours trading after ending the regular session down 3%. Review: Engrossing 'Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain' Is a Fantastic Finale (Image: Konami)

Roughly 15 minutes have passed since I touched down near a remote Soviet outpost in the wilds of Afghanistan. In that time, I ve cultivated herbs, stolen a Russian transport truck, shot a half-dozen soldiers with tranquilizer darts, ridden a horse, fired an antiaircraft gun, and stuffed an unconscious man into a porta-potty. That last part was just for fun.



This is Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain in all its wonderfully over-the-top glory. The Phantom Pain is the latest and, according to series creator Hideo Kojima, the last in the long-running Metal Gear Solid franchise. Kojima has made similar claims following the release of previous Metal Gear games, but considering the epic falling out between the legendary designer and series publisher Konami, he might be right.

And that s just fine, because out of the many excellent games in the Metal Gear series, The Phantom Pain is perhaps the finest.

In true Metal Gear fashion, The Phantom Pain is equal parts stealth gameplay, political intrigue, and ham-fisted drama. If you ve never played one of these games, you ll want to spend a few hours perusing Wikipedia to catch up on the series  incredibly convoluted backstory.

The Phantom Pain follows the tale of the Kiefer Sutherland-voiced mercenary Snake (aka Punished Snake, aka Venom Snake, aka Big Boss   told you it was convoluted) as he and his comrades in the private military organization Diamond Dogs seek vengeance against the shadowy government organization Cypher. You accomplish this by using a mix of stealth and action across multiple locales. Even Snake s favorite stealth tool, the cardboard box, is here.

The story takes plenty of insane turns, but compared to other Metal Gear Solid games, there are fewer plodding, lengthy cut-scenes. The plot takes a backseat to the gameplay   and in this case, that s a very good thing.

That s because The Phantom Pain is the first open-world Metal Gear game. Whereas previous Metal Gears shuttled you down relatively linear paths, The Phantom Pain tosses you into large, beautiful sandboxes. You can steal an enemy jeep and drive from one part of the map to the other, exploring run down villages and Soviet checkpoints and generally making a mess of the place at your leisure.

That openness also affects how you approach your missions. Want to run in like Rambo, guns blazing, firing your entire ammo belt? Go right ahead. Want to stick to the shadows and stealthily sneak into a facility? You can do that, too. It s probably smarter.

You can destroy a base s communications equipment to prevent soldiers from calling in reinforcements. Or wait for nightfall   yep, there s a real day/night cycle   and cut the lights to a building so you can easily sneak by enemies. If you take the stealth route, you can take down guys using close-quarters combat (CQC) or your trusty tranquilizer gun or sneak up behind them and put them in a headlock. Once they re in your grasp, you can either interrogate your captives, knock them out, or send them the way of Old Yeller.

Adding to The Phantom Pain s open-world ambitions are two new mechanics: the Phantom Cigar and Reflex mode. The Phantom Cigar is a cigar that you equip to speed up time. This beefy spliff comes in handy when you want to quickly change the day/night cycle without having to wait around. It s a Metal Gear blunt   a  rest  mechanic with a dank twist   and it s a perfect representation of how adept Kojima and Co. are at turning a pretty straightforward feature into something ridiculous.

Reflex mode, meanwhile, provides you with an extra few seconds to react when a guard spots you. When active, Reflex mode lets you either dispatch your enemy via deadly force or take them down with a choke or CQC. Guards taken down while you re in Reflex mode don t alert their comrades.

In general, The Phantom Pain s controls are tight and satisfying, which is important when moving so much as a millimeter in the wrong direction can mean the difference between successfully navigating past a guard and taking a machine gun to the face.

The one bugaboo I have with the game s controls has to do with its cover system. Ideally, this lets you automatically stand flush against a wall when you walk up to it. This way you can easily move up and down hallways and peek around corners without getting spotted. Unfortunately, the mechanic is pretty touch-and-go. Sometimes you ll lean against the wall; sometimes you ll just stand next to it like an idiot.

Read More Here's What People Want From Apple's Next iPhone If rumors are to be believed, Apple will announce a pair of iPhones on Sept. 9. Speculation about what they ll include ranges from vastly improved cameras to special  Force Touch  screens that respond to pressure as well as tapping and swiping.

Related: Apple Rumors: The Likely, the Unlikely, and the Just Plain Absurd

But forget all of that. What we wanted to know was what you, our beloved reader, want next-generation iDevices to offer. To that end, we took to the streets of Manhattan and asked everyday people (and a couple of costumed weirdos) what would persuade them to buy yet another Apple iPhone.

As you might expect, the most popular answer among those we accosted with our microphones and camera was for Apple to make the next iPhone more durable. Three different people told us they want an iPhone that won t break when they inevitably drop it.

In a national survey conducted by Yahoo last March, however, the No. 1 feature most users wanted from their next iPhone was an improved battery. In fact, more than 80 percent said they wanted their next iPhone to keep going and going.

But durability still ranked high among the survey s more than 1,000 respondents. Some 63 percent said an ultra-scratch-resistant screen was their top must-have feature, followed closely by more storage and a higher-resolution camera. (Again, if rumors are to be believed, those Apple fans are likely to get their wish.) Combine an everlasting battery with massive storage, and 95 percent of fanboys will be ecstatic.

Source: Yahoo Smartphone Innovation Study, March 2015

One man we spoke with told us he wanted improved near-field communication (NFC) features with the next iPhone. Currently, the NFC chips in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus only let you pay for items at the store using Apple s Apple Pay mobile payment service. If unlocked, NFC could make it easier to pair your phone with other devices, so you could, say, share images between iPhones by tapping them together.

Another individual we spoke to said he wanted a phone that s larger than his existing 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus (which, if we re being completely honest, sounds absolutely ridiculous).

Apple s next-generation mobile makes its big debut next week. We ll be covering the entire show live, both in person and remotely.

Here s hoping the latest iPhones come with everything you want and more. Just don t expect them to include a back massager. For that, you may have to wait for the iPhone 7.

What do you want to see in the next iPhone? Let us know: Vote in our poll or sound off in the comments section below.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-04-30
Yahoo's Other Challenge: Retaining Acquired Talent A few times a year, Yahoo Inc. organizes dinners for the entrepreneurs who sold their startups to the Internet company and still work there.

The dinners are a chance for the more than 50 young stars such as Nick D Aloisio, the 19-year-old whiz kid who sold news aggregation service Summly for $30 million to swap tips on how to navigate within a big company. Sometimes they also vent their frustrations to Chief Executive Marissa Mayer,... Yahoo expands its facilities in Lockport LOCKPORT, N.Y. (WIVB)   David Filo, the co-founder of Yahoo, paid a visit to Lockport, New York Thursday to help celebrate the expansion of the company s data and customer service centers.

The workforce there is now about two hundred strong.

The jobs range from trouble-shooting internet problems for users, to making sure the servers quickly and efficiently deliver information to more than a billion customers worldwide.

 When we first started thinking about this eight years ago,  said Filo,  I don t think any of us envisioned having so many critical functions here. 

Yahoo built it s main Lockport complex in 2009 thanks to several hundred million dollars in tax incentives and subsidies.

While some criticized the government and New York Power Authority incentives, Yahoo responds by pointing out it has invested a half-billion dollars here.

 We think that s a tremendous testament to how much we believe in this area,  said Yahoo Communication Director Suzanne Philion.

At the grand opening ceremony, New York Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul said,  I think you ll not find a better work ethic, where people believe in putting in a good day s work. And they re proud to have jobs like these. 

Most of the workforce is made up of Western New Yorkers.

All the workers assembled for a group photo before the ceremony. They didn t say  cheese  while striking a pose.

In unison, they shouted out  YAHOO!  Yahoo Style's Tips for Buying Trendy Kids' Fashion on a Budget It s time for another fashion fix with Yahoo Style s Editor Erika Ostroff. This week s question is about how to dress your kids in the latest fashion trends, like little North West, but without paying grown-up, designer prices, especially since they grow out of things so fast.

Ericka showed  Extra s  Mario Lopez and our viewers at home how to steal North West s style on a budget  by showing off some looks by L.A.-based designer Nicholas Bowes.

For Bowes, it s all about being comfortable and unique, without compromising style. Head over to ShopYahooStyle.com, where you ll find these looks and exclusive Yahoo Style prices, and don t forget to ask your Yahoo Style questions. If your question is selected, you ll take home this week s Yahoo Style gift bag filled with these items! 
2015-11-19
Here's the full letter outlining everything hedge fund Starboard wants Yahoo to do The hedge fund Starboard wants Yahoo to halt its long-public plan to spin off its stake in the Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba.

Starboard instead wants Yahoo to do the opposite: spin off its core search and ad business while keeping its Alibaba stake in the existing public company.

In a letter to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and chairman Maynard Webb, Starboard complains that basically, Yahoo isn't listening to it.

"We have grown increasingly frustrated with your unwillingness to accept our help and your dismissive approach to our serious concerns about the current situation at Yahoo! Inc.," Starboard writes.

News that Starboard had sent a letter to Yahoo was earlier reported by The Wall Street Journal.

But again, the big news out of Starboard's letter is that it wants Yahoo to basically do a strategic 180.

On Wednesday, we noted that some analysts were starting to talk about a scenario in which Yahoo's tax bill for spinning out its share in Alibaba   while keeping its core business inside the current publicly traded company   could top 100% if the company's plan doesn't meet certain criteria set by the Internal Revenue Service.

And so as a precaution, Starboard wants Yahoo to forgo the spin-off.

Here's the full letter:

Dear Maynard and Marissa,

We are writing to follow up on our recent discussions. We have grown increasingly frustrated with your unwillingness to accept our help and your dismissive approach to our serious concerns about the current situation at Yahoo! Inc. ("Yahoo"). As you, the management team, and your advisors requested from us over a year ago, we have attempted to work with you privately and agreed not to pursue the nomination and election of directors at last year's annual meeting. Despite our numerous conversations and meetings, and notwithstanding your willingness to provide us an audience, you have been reluctant to respond or adapt to the realities of the current environment. The current situation that Yahoo faces is so important that we now feel it is necessary to communicate with management and the Board of Directors ("Board") in a manner such that our message is not only as explicit as possible for you, but also for our fellow Yahoo shareholders. The proposed spin-off of Aabaco Holdings, Inc. ("Aabaco Holdings") is not Yahoo's best alternative. Instead, you should be exploring a sale of Yahoo's core Search and Display advertising businesses ("Core Business") and leave Yahoo's ownership stakes in Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan in the existing corporate entity.

Since the time that we originally made our investment in Yahoo, we have been a vocal proponent of separating Yahoo's Core Business from its non-core interests, including its stakes in Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan. As we have communicated to you over the past year, we believe separating Yahoo's Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan stakes from its Core Business would unlock immediate value for shareholders and allow Yahoo's Core Business to better recruit and retain talent. Yahoo is the only Silicon Valley company we know that currently has a stock price almost entirely driven by the value of an entity outside of its control. Yahoo is at a disadvantage in recruiting the best talent because its stock price performance does not reflect the performance of Yahoo employees, but rather the performance of Alibaba Group. Top talent wants to be able to directly contribute to, and be rewarded by, its company's stock price performance. Separating Yahoo's Core Business would allow it to recruit more effectively and retain talented employees whether the Core Business incentive equity is public, private, or part of another merged operating entity.

As you know, in our initial presentation to you we highlighted several different scenarios that we felt could achieve this goal. Our first choice was for Yahoo to spin-off Yahoo's Core Business which would have resulted in the tax-free separation of Yahoo's Core Business while leaving Yahoo's stake in Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan as part of the remaining public company. We also presented several other options, including the one you chose   a tax-free spin-off of a new entity, now known as Aabaco Holdings, which would hold non-core business assets as well as Yahoo's shares in Alibaba Group.

Despite our continued belief that the proposed spin-off of Aabaco Holdings should be deemed tax free under current law, we believe it is important to note the market's assessment of the current strategy. Irrespective of the impending tax-free spin-off, it is clear the market has a dim view of the Company's current strategy. As shown on the table below, the market either discounts the tax benefits of the proposed spin-off and/or, worse, implies a significantly negative value for the Core Business based on a justifiable fear that the current turnaround efforts will fail and current management will continue to squander the Company's resources. At best, the current stock price implies a meager ~2x consensus 2015 EBITDA multiple on the Core Business.

Based on our evaluation of the risk-adjusted options currently available to Yahoo, as well as the market's assessment of the current strategy and risks thereof, we believe the Board needs to be open to changing direction. If you stay on the current path, we believe the potential penalty for being wrong is just too great, and the potential reward for being right is not materially better than the other alternative. When compared to a sale of the Core Business, there is minimal reward in relation to the massive potential risk that you could be taking. Therefore, as we privately communicated to you recently on several occasions, instead of continuing to go in the current direction with potential significant risk, we believe Yahoo should hire a financial advisor to sell the Core Business as a taxable asset sale. The sale of the Core Business would leave Yahoo's ownership stakes in Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan and cash in the remaining company. We believe the current net cash of Yahoo and the cash generated from the Core Business sale can be returned to shareholders in a tax efficient manner in some combination of share buybacks, returns of capital, and dividends.

While we recognize that changing course is never easy, based on the risk-adjusted value creation to shareholders, we believe that selling the Core Business is by far the most prudent path. We believe there would be considerable interest for Yahoo's Core Business given the number of unique users, significant search revenue and income, popularity of many of Yahoo's display properties, and valuable real estate and intellectual property.

In one of our recent conversations, you argued that the Core Business will become more valuable if management is able to turn it around, and, as such, that selling it today would result in potential lost value for shareholders. We discussed in detail our thoughts on the deterioration of the Core Business in the letter we sent to you on August 10, 2015 (starboardvalue.com/publications/Starboard_Value_LP_Letter_to_YHOO_08.10.15.pdf). Thus far, there has been little evidence of a turnaround and, as described above, recent results are actually moving decidedly in the wrong direction. In addition, as we discussed with you again during our most recent conversation, this past quarter and the public guidance for next quarter actually show accelerated degradation in the performance of the Core Business, making your argument to wait for improvement appear to be grounded more in hope than strategy. Nonetheless, even if we assume that   this time   things are different, recent trends will be reversed, EBITDA will actually grow, and shareholders will suddenly apply a higher multiple to the Core Business, the difference in value created between selling the Core Business now, versus after a hopeful improvement in the fundamentals, is minimal compared to the downside potential of continuing down the current path of spinning off Aabaco Holdings.

Moreover, given recent results, we cannot imagine that any prudent individual assigns a high probability that Yahoo is on a path to substantially increase EBITDA in order to significantly improve the current value of the Core Business. We actually believe that without significant change to the culture at Yahoo, the Core Business could just as likely (if not more likely) decline in value going forward, thereby making a near-term sale of the Core Business even more clearly the correct decision.

For over a year now, we have attempted to work privately and constructively with you, management, and the Board. Unfortunately, time is now of the essence and the momentum around the proposed Aabaco Holdings spin-off is pulling our investment down the wrong path. I have now offered four different times over the last four months to join the Board to help you analyze this situation given my successful board experience, our perspective as an owner, and my particular knowledge of this situation. Unfortunately, you have repeatedly refused our respectful requests.

We believe you must make the right choice for Yahoo and its shareholders. What was once complicated and opaque, has now crystallized when analyzed through the lens of reward compared to possible risk. Over the last several months, we have come to realize the situation at Yahoo is one with potential asymmetric outcomes, and therefore, we believe selling the Core Business now is the best outcome for Yahoo shareholders. We urge you to change direction and do the right thing for shareholders. As we have expressed to you, we expect the shareholders' interest to remain of paramount importance and will look to make significant changes to the Board if you continue to make decisions that destroy shareholder value.

Respectfully,

Jeffrey C. Smith

Managing Member

Starboard Value LP Yahoo Wins Refund In Fight With Insurer Over NCAA Contest Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Yahoo May Face Proxy Fight, Here's Why Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

44:31 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo and the Fortune 500 pursuit of green power Amidst the wheat farms of central Kansas, construction has begun on one of the Midwest s latest wind farms.

The 48-megawatt Alexander Wind Farm, owned by NJR Clean Energy Ventures (NJRCEV) and developed by OwnEnergy in collaboration with the local landowner, is scheduled to come online in early December.

Nearly half of the project   23 MW   will go to a familiar corporate buyer: Yahoo.

Yahoo is one of a small but growing group of large companies that have signed renewable energy contracts directly with wind and solar project developers.

And, while this transaction will help Yahoo progress towards its sustainability targets, the transaction is also   importantly   expected to save the company money.

Companies emerge as renewable energy buyers

Over the last decade, large companies increasingly have set sustainability targets. Forty-three percent of Fortune 500 (PDF) companies have goals to reduce their carbon footprint, reduce their energy use or power a portion of their operations with renewable energy.

Large companies, as for-profit entities, naturally have tried to find cost-effective ways of meeting these goals. As the cost of wind and solar power falls, companies are beginning to see renewable energy as a viable way to reduce their carbon footprint.

To help accelerate this market, RMI created the Business Renewables Center, a membership organization consisting of over 60 companies   including many Fortune 500 companies   aiming to streamline corporate procurement of off-site wind and solar energy.

Over 75 percent of corporate renewable energy transactions are power purchase agreements (PPAs).

PPAs are a particularly appealing option, as they offer the possibility of reducing energy costs without the need to provide an upfront capital investment. Yahoo s deal in particular presents an example of a type of PPA known as a virtual PPA (VPPA).

The birth of the virtual PPA

The Yahoo and OwnEnergy/NJRCEV VPPA involves a financial settlement whereby Yahoo commits to pay the wind farm s owner a fixed price for each unit of electricity produced by the wind farm, while the wind farm takes responsibility for managing the delivery and sale of the electricity produced.

Yahoo receives the renewable energy credits (RECs) and other environmental attributes of the wind farm but does not take delivery of or manage the flow of electrons to the electric grid.

Under this structure, Yahoo s data centers and other locations remain connected to the local utility and continue to receive electricity and related services from that utility.

VPPAs and additionality

So how does this contract help bring additional renewable energy capacity online?

The short answer is that Yahoo, by agreeing to purchase electricity at a fixed price, removed one key element of risk from the project, allowing the developer to raise the money needed to finance its construction.

To understand this, consider that OwnEnergy and other developers have to raise external funding to build their projects. Investors will provide capital only if they feel reasonably confident about a project s future revenues, which are a product of both the future quantities of electricity produced (MWh) and the prices received for that electricity ($/MWh).

While investors may accept the risks related to the quantity of electricity produced, they are usually disinclined to accept the price risk, as prices can vary significantly as wholesale electricity market conditions change.

As a result, investors require that the wind or solar project sign a PPA contract with an electricity buyer (offtaker), who agrees to buy the energy at a fixed price. When Yahoo signed the VPPA, it directly enabled a new wind project to be financed and   ultimately   built, thereby meeting the requirements for additionality.

The economic case for VPPAs

In addition to satisfying its sustainability and additionality goals, Yahoo bought wind energy from Alexander because it saw great value in the transaction.

This value comes not only in the form of an attractive long-term price, but also through risk mitigation.

Although the terms of Yahoo s transaction are confidential, the above offers an example of how VPPA s can offer economic savings.

In Situation 1, the customer pays $40/MWh to the local utility and $2/MWh to purchase RECs from the market. In contrast, in Situation 2 the customer still purchases electricity from the local utility but now also enters into a VPPA for $35/MWh that includes the RECs. The power generated by the farm is sold into the wholesale power market at a floating price, assumed in this example to be $40/MWh.

These floating price revenues are passed back to the customer, canceling out the payments under the utility bill. As a result, Situation 2 presents a net savings of $7/MWh in the "today" case.

The above example also highlights the potential for renewables to limit a company s market exposure by providing a hedge against potential future increases in the price of electricity.

Few expect natural gas prices to remain stable, and many anticipate that the price of carbon soon may be reflected in consumers  electricity bills. VPPAs may allow companies to offset these rising prices.

For example, if the market price of electricity rises to $50/MWh, a company with a VPPA will see not only an increase in its utility bills but also an increase in the revenue from its VPPA contract. Because the increase in cost and revenues cancel each other out, the VPPA "hedges" against electricity price increases.

Conversely, if the electricity market prices fall in the future, the reduction in the company s utility bill will tend to offset the lower revenues from the VPPA contract.

Yahoo s VPPA contract experience

For a Fortune 500 company that is not in the electricity business, signing a first PPA can be a daunting prospect.

Yahoo s experience revealed several important considerations that other companies should consider when starting the process:

1. Internal support

Gaining support for sustainability within a company almost always requires engaging multiple stakeholders including the financial, accounting, treasury, facilities management, legal, procurement, energy, marketing or other corporate departments.

Yahoo s primary advice: Engage early, engage often and do not attempt the "cram-down" approach with internal stakeholders, even if you have executive blessing. Internal stakeholders can become allies if you take the time to talk to them, address their concerns and educate them about the opportunity.

This will go a long way towards smoothing the next deal and also will help embed sustainability into the organization s culture.

2. Deal term

Many corporate purchasers have very few contracts with commitments of more than a few years.

For Yahoo, a 20-year-old company, signing a PPA for 10 to 20 years was a significant change from its traditional approach. Imagine if a company such as Yahoo had signed up for 15 years  worth of StarTAC flip phones in 1995.

Yet companies are increasingly treating electricity as a fundamental business need that should be approached with a strategic, long-term perspective.

3. Accounting treatment

Another sensitive area in these transactions is the accounting treatment by the corporate offtaker.

Large companies that proactively manage accounting issues generally have found that they can structure VPPA contracts to fit their internal needs. However, companies should be aware that, depending on the contract structure, the offtaker may be required to consolidate the project on its financial statements or may need to use derivative or hedge accounting treatments.

For corporate offtakers that do not already have other transactions requiring these accounting standards, the additional reporting requirements that come with a derivative transaction can add meaningful complexity and often acts as a "gating item" for internal approvals for these contracts to move forward.

4. Dodd-Frank considerations

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was enacted in 2010 to regulate swaps, derivatives and other contracts deemed to have contributed to the financial crisis.

This law imposes reporting requirements for participants in some structures of purchase arrangements between corporate offtakers and renewable energy generators.

However, the act generally allows flexibility in assigning which party will be the reporting party, and this reporting requirement can be   and often is   undertaken by the project developer.

One piece of the sustainability puzzle

Corporations are doing their part for renewable energy in a variety of ways. Whether it s purchasing RECs, signing up for green tariffs, buying renewable energy projects or signing PPAs, the race for additionality is definitely on.

And, after a huge 2014 which saw over 1 GW of corporate PPAs for the first time, 2015 is on pace to be an even bigger year. So far this year, large corporations have signed PPA contracts for over 1.8 GW of wind and solar energy.

This explosion showcases that contracts such as VPPAs make good business sense for large companies seeking to green their operations and take a more strategic approach to purchasing power.

Renewable energy has passed the threshold of cost competitiveness, and now it is just a matter of time before the market, enabled by flexible new models such as VPPAs, makes green power the norm. Should Yahoo Drop Alibaba's Spinoff Plan? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

45:23 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-09-12
Yahoo! Could Quickly Become No. 1 In Daily Fantasy Sports Profits: 'Free' Ad ... (Author's disclosure: The author consults for a fantasy sports provider that is in current litigation against DraftKings, a company mentioned in this article).

With 43,357 users already signed up for the NFL $1 million kickoff challenge as of this morning, this weekend figures to be Yahoo's coming out party in the daily fantasy sports marketplace. From there, only the sky is the limit. This is based on Yahoo's core business advantage in offering daily fantasy sports contests: free advertising space on its search engine and on its traditional fantasy sports website.

Of course, the term "free" may be somewhat overstated as there is always the opportunity cost of selling ad space elsewhere. But when considering that daily fantasy sports marketplace leader FanDuel spent $9.2 million on advertising space last week alone and arch rival DraftKings spent nearly $21 million, the ability to attract new customers without paying out-of-pocket advertising costs could be a game changer.

Advertising, while expensive, is imperative in the daily fantasy sports marketplace because there is little differentiating the big players beyond brand recognition. While FanDuel has a very smart and capable leadership team that includes former McKinsey employees, their biggest advantage, in earnest, may have been entering the marketplace extremely early: when most major companies believed there was too much legal risk to even consider offering daily fantasy sports.

The same can be said about DraftKings, which continues to expand its revenue base by entering the riskiest fringes of the marketplace to build revenues. Most notably, DraftKings now offers a single-tournament fantasy golf game, which may run afoul to the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act's fantasy sports carve-out as well as perhaps the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act's prohibition on sports gambling. (For more on that, see points 2 and 3 here).

None of this is to say that Yahoo's fantasy sports games do not carry any legal risk. While they block users from entering in the states of Arizona, Iowa, Louisiana, Montana and Washington, Yahoo surprisingly allows user entry in Arkansas and Tennessee -- both states that at the moment possess undeniable legal risk. Change the Way Your Phone Looks With Just One App Bored with your Galaxy, Nexus, or Droid phone? What if I told you you could completely change the way it looks   for free?

Well, the way the inside of your phone looks, anyhow.

In Android, your phone s home screen and app launcher all live inside an app. So if you want to overhaul how those parts of your handset look and function, you can just head to the Google Play app store, search for  home replacement  or  app launcher,  download and install your pick, and set it as default the next time you press your phone s Home button.

(Some home-replacement apps will allow you to skip that last step by walking you through the process of setting it as your phone s default Home.)



Home default prompt. (Yahoo Tech)

There are plenty of free home-replacement apps available in the Play store, as well as a number of nice-looking  premium  choices for a few bucks.



Some of my favorites include:

(Aviate is owned by Yahoo, the parent company of Yahoo Tech.)



An LG G4 before and after installing a new home-replacement app. (Yahoo Tech)

Of course, Apple doesn t allow this kind of customization of iOS. So you Android people should feel compelled to flaunt your new Home renovations loudly and proudly in the faces of your iPhone friends.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-07-11
Serena Williams wins Wimbledon, captures Serena Slam She's done it. Serena Williams is the 2015 Wimbledon champion. She's completed her second Serena Slam, her sixth Wimbledon title, and her 21st Grand Slam championship. She's become the oldest woman to win a title in the Open era.

Williams defeated Spaniard Garbine Muguruza in straight sets, 6-4, 6-4. At next month's U.S. Open, she'll attempt to make more history, going for the first calendar-year Grand Slam since 1988. She'll be looking to tie Steffi Graf's record of 22 Grand Slam titles in the Open era.

Muguruza was playing in her first Grand Slam final. She more than proved that she belongs here, building a 4-2 lead in the first set before Williams truly took over.

Williams jumped out to a 5-1 lead in the second set and would serve for the win. One of the strongest servers the game has ever known, the win seemed inevitable.

But 21-year-old Muguruza wasn't quite done yet. She earned the break, held, then earned another break to bring the match to 5-4. Williams seemed to have finish-line jitters, something rarely seen in this champion but understandable with the amount of history on the line.

Just as quickly as the duel had emerged, it ended. Williams built a 0-40 lead on Muguruza's serve before Muguruza shanked a shot wide. No one quite heard the call. Had it been out? Had she won? It had. She had.

Even Williams seemed to take a moment before she believed it. She stayed subdued as she walked over to her chair, until raising her hands over her head and jumping up and down like a little girl.

"Garbine, she played so well. I didn't even know it was over because she was fighting so hard in the end. I was like, 'okay, do I have to serve again?" Williams said during the trophy ceremony. Then, looking to Muguruza, she added, "Don't be sad, you'll be holding this trophy very, very soon, believe me." Williams was Muguruza's age when she completed her first Serena Slam, more than 12 years ago.

"I can't believe I'm standing here with another Serena Slam, so it's really cool. You guys helped me get through it, I heard all you guys. I heard all the 'I love yous.' I love you more. Thank you so much," she said to the crowd.

"I'm having so much fun out here, I just never dreamt I would be out here still and let alone winning and having so much fun, so every day is a pleasure and a joy for me to be out here playing and winning Wimbledon, oh my gosh."

The final test of the year comes at Williams' favorite tournament, in front of the American crowd, where she is currently tied with Chris Evert for most tournament titles. Should she win her seventh U.S. Open trophy, Williams will hold more U.S. Open titles than any other player.

But first, she'll have to win seven more matches, something no one has done in a single year since 1988.

______________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. 
2015-07-02
Missouri high school will start girl at QB The starting quarterback on the Liberty North (Kansas City, MO.) freshman football team will be catching a lot of attention this fall. For the first time in school history, a girl will be calling the shots.

Brooke Liebsch has been playing Pop Warner football for six years. "I used to play soccer and I didn t like it," she told Kansas City s WDAF. "Then, one day, I caught a football and I m like, I want to play football. Let s go."

Making her the starter is such an obvious choice, coach Brian Rockers told WDAF, that it s hardly gaining attention in town. He went as far as saying that it s actually easier to coach her than some of the boys.

 Girls listen a lot better than guys do for some reason,  he said.  That s just the way it is. She allows us to coach and she lets us coach her and she listens. 

She s also willing to play any position on the field. If there s a spot she prefers to avoid, it s those traditionally given to females on high school teams, like placeholder and offensive line.

 Girls can do anything a guy can do. Girls can be just as strong as a guy. There s a lot of them that play football,  she told the local FOX affiliate.  Some girls say girls shouldn t play football, which I don t get why, because girls can do anything guys can do. 

Her teammates agree.

 She plays like everybody else out there,  freshman receiver A.J. Wood said.  She works out like us. Nothing different about her, I guess. She s a part of the football team. 

____________________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. Yahoo tests using Google search skills Microsoft and Yahoo updated their search partnership in April to allow more flexibility in searches and end Yahoo s exclusive sales force role with advertisers. Photo: Bloomberg

San Francisco: Yahoo! Inc. said on Thursday that it is testing letting Google put its online search skills to work at some of its online properties.

The pioneering Silicon Valley Internet firm was looking at whether having a mix of players handling search results or search ad placement at its websites would benefit Yahoo and its users.

 As we work to create the absolute best experiences for Yahoo users, from time to time, we run small tests with a variety of partners including search providers,  a Yahoo spokesperson said, noting that Google was among those search firms.

 There is nothing further to share at this time. 

Microsoft and Yahoo updated their search partnership in April to allow more flexibility in searches and end Yahoo s exclusive sales force role with advertisers.

The search partnership between Microsoft and Yahoo took effect in 2010 and was supposed to last 10 years, but Yahoo had the option of exiting it midway if certain revenue conditions were not met. Yahoo s chief executive, Marissa Mayer, had repeatedly signalled that she was dissatisfied.

According to eMarketer projections, Microsoft and Yahoo combined will own 6.5% of the $81.59 billion search market globally in 2015.

Google, the search leader, was expected to take a 54.5% of the global market this year, the research firm said.

A significant alliance between Yahoo and Google on search could draw the attention of antitrust regulators at home and abroad, given the powerful position Google holds in that arena. 
2015-09-16
How To Value Yahoo! Inc. Stock In An Alibaba Group Holding Ltd World Lawrence Meyers: Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) owns a big piece Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), and many analysts are trying to place a valuation on Alibaba and on Yahoo, both as separate entities and together.

I m going to try and find a reasonable valuation because I suspect the market is not fairly valuing Yahoo stock. The reason is this: Some math results in Yahoo s core business are literally worth less than nothing, and therefore the market may be giving us a value stock.

The Alibaba stake is worth $23 billion right about now. If true, then Yahoo at $31 per share is worth some $29.19 billion. Therefore, the market puts the core business value at $6.2 billion. However, the company has $6.79 billion in cash. When you back that number out, you get a valuation of less than zero.

This seems wrong, given that Yahoo generates $549 million in free cash flow. Yahoo may not be the dominant player as it was 20 years ago, but it still has brand and content value. It s not a world leader, but it is worth something!

Consider Yahoo Japan



If I ended there, you d think Yahoo stock might be worth a lot more than the market says it is. There is still more to consider, however. Yahoo Japan is worth some $6.9 billion. Now the valuation of Yahoo just seems insane. What s going on? Can we slice this apart into pieces and make sense of it.

Let s start at the basics.

Yahoo Japan is worth about $7 per share, and Yahoo has about $7 per share in cash. So it is worth $14 or so, right?

What is the core business really worth? It is difficult to peg, but if you look at other online businesses like IACInterActiveCorp (NASDAQ: IACI) and Liberty Media (NASDAQ: LMCA) s online businesses, it is not unreasonably to value a $555 million FCF business at 10x FCF, or $5.5 billion, or about $5.50 per share.

What is Alibaba worth? As it stands, it is worth $29 per share or so. If we add that to our $14 in tangible worth, plus $5.50 in core business, we get we get $48.50.

Discounting Alibaba

Now we have to discount Alibaba. Why? Because the IRS is going to tax Yahoo s share of it, and it may be taxed at a rate as high as 40%. That means about $12 per share gets taxed away. That brings Yahoo s value down to $36.50. That s getting closer to the truth, except there s one more piece of discounting I have to do.

Alibaba is trading at 41x this past fiscal year s earnings of $3.9 billion. I think that is a totally unreasonable valuation. Long term analyst projections show about 24% growth. I would cautiously value Alibaba at about 29x earnings, giving it a bit of a premium for its brand name. That s a 30% discount from its present valuation, meaning Yahoo s share worth about $21 billion or around $21 per share instead of $29. So knock off another eight bucks from valuation.

That lands us at about $28.50 per share. Now, I could be wrong. Maybe Yahoo s core business is worth less, or maybe it is worth more. Maybe I m wrong about Alibaba. Regardless, there is little margin for error here at $31.50. I would probably stay away form buying Yahoo stock at this point.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Lawrence Meyers from Wyatt Investment Research. 
2015-08-24
Third Point, Regulators Settle Over Antitrust Filings for 2011 Yahoo Stake Activist investors on Monday got a reminder that their investments are subject to antitrust review, a warning that will shine a spotlight on a debate over why that is.

The Federal Trade Commission and Justice Department on Monday announced a settlement with Third Point LLC over allegations the New York hedge fund failed to properly file for... Lycos founder Mauldin returns to company after 17 years Michael Mauldin, founder and inventor of the 1990s Internet search engine Lycos, is returning to the company after a gap of 17 years at a time the company is reinventing itself in the wearable tech space.

Mauldin will join Lycos Internet Ltd, which is now run by a Hyderabad-based promoter and is listed on the Indian stock exchanges, as an independent director. His appointment is effective 24 August, the company said.

Mauldin quit Lycos in 1998. He co-founded artificial intelligence firm Conversive Inc. with digital entertainment expert Peter Plantec in 1998 and was on its board till 2013 for a little while after it was bought by Avaya Inc. in 2012.

 Twenty years ago, Lycos changed the way the world accessed online information, and I hope to help Lycos change the world again as we tame the wilderness of wearable technology and the Internet of Things,  Mauldin said in a statement.

Mauldin s return also coincides with Lycos  efforts to find buyers or licensees for its clutch of 22 patents, spanning search engine optimization, online advertising and online multi-player gaming. The company has mandated Propeller(y), a Washington DC-based intellectual property consulting firm, to find buyers or partners who will license its patents.

 We are delighted to welcome the creator of Lycos on to the company board,  Suresh Reddy, chairman and chief executive officer of Lycos, said in a statement.  This appointment brings solid value to the company in terms of broad basing the board composition. More importantly, this provides us access to Michael s experience and deep insights in the technology domain. 

Lycos was one of the first online search engines before it lost the race to Google Inc. and Yahoo Inc. The website still functions under its new owner.

Mauldin was working as a research scientist on the Infomedia digital library project at Carnegie Mellon University when he invented the Lycos search engine in the early days of the Internet.

Lycos went public in 1996 and grew through acquisitions, taking over top Internet properties such as Wired News (the antecedent of today s Wired news magazine), LycoShop (online marketplace), WhoWhere (yellow pages and people search engine), Quote.com (financial services) and Gamesville (online gaming).

It was the fourth biggest online network in the US in March 2000 with 33 million visitors when it was acquired by Terra Networks SA for $12.5 billion in one of the biggest Internet transactions at the time.

Four years later, however, Terra Networks sold Lycos for a mere $95 million to South Korea s Daum Communications Corp., which in turn sold it to Hyderabad-based digital marketing firm Ybrant Digital Ltd in 2010 for $36 million. Ybrant has since renamed itself Lycos Internet Ltd to position itself as an international player.

Mauldin s LinkedIn profile says he is now  severely retired  and that he has no specializations to speak of. Although he and his wife are  world travellers , they mostly stay at their ranch in Austin, Texas, to take care of baby animals. For seven years till April 2013, he built combat robots in the 120- and 220-pound weight classes at annual robot contest RoboGames. Amid Reports of Suicides, Ashley Madison Offers $500K Reward for Hack Info Avid Life Media, the parent company of the extramarital hookup site Ashley Madison, is trying to track down the hackers responsible for releasing private details about millions of its customers.

The company announced today that it is offering a $500,000 reward to anyone who provides information that leads to the arrest of the hackers.

The announcement comes as the Toronto Police Service said it is investigating reports of suicides related to the Ashley Madison hack.

Read more: 7 Things You Need to Know About the Ashley Madison Hack   and More!

At a press conference, acting Staff Superintendent Bryce Evans of the Toronto Police Service said the Ashley Madison attack is one of the largest data breaches in the world. He said the attack is unique because of the kind of information released by the hackers (who were operating under the nom de hack Impact Team).

 The Impact Team s actions   have already sparked spinoffs of crimes and further victimization,  Evans alleged.

 Criminals have already engaged in online scams by claiming to provide access to the leaked database [of user information],  Evans said.  The public needs to be aware that by clicking on these links you are exposing your computers to malware, spyware, adware, and viruses. 

These scammers claim they will delete your information from the leaked collection of Ashley Madison user data   for a price. Evans said other criminals are contacting people and saying that they have been able to track them via Facebook and will share the Ashley Madison data with the victims  friends, families, and employers if they don t pay the extortionists 1.05 bitcoins, or about $225.

Police are asking people affected by the Ashley Madison hack to reach out to law enforcement.

Evans also took aim directly at the hackers responsible for the original leaks, saying that the police are working with partners around the world to identify those responsible.

So far, there have been two data dumps involving the Ashley Madison hack: The first one contained user information, while the second appears to include mostly source code for the Ashley Madison site, as well as emails from Avid Life Media CEO Noel Biderman.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-01-25
Earnings Expectations For The Week Of January 26: Apple, Google, Microsoft & More The earnings crunch is on this week.

Tech and Internet giants will be stepping into the earnings spotlight, with forecasts calling for profit growth from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) but shrinking profits from Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO).

Big oil companies such as Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX), industrial giants like Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) and Big Three automaker Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) also will take their turns on the earnings stage this week, along with drug companies, defense contractors, homebuilders, credit card companies and many others.

Below is a quick day-by-day run down of analyst expectations for these and some of the week's other most anticipated reports.

See also: Will Apple Rise On Record iPhone Sales Or Fall On Weak Apple Watch Guidance?

Monday

The fiscal second-quarter forecast for Microsoft calls for per-share earnings of $0.71 on revenue of $26.33 billion. In the same period of last year, the company behind Windows and Xbox posted a profit of $0.78 per share but $24.52 billion in revenue. Note that growth is expected on both the top and bottom lines in the current quarter.

DR Horton and Norfolk Southern are expected to join Microsoft in posting earnings declines, but analysts are looking for higher earnings from Seagate Technology, Texas Instruments and Zions Bancorp when they report on Monday.

Tuesday

Tuesday's highlight, and perhaps the highlight of the week, will be the after-the-bell report from Apple. The iPhone and Mac maker will post per-share earnings of $2.59 on revenue of $67.50 billion, if the consensus forecast for the fiscal first quarter is correct. That would be up from EPS of $2.07 and $57.59 billion in revenue in the year-ago period. Note that analysts underestimated EPS in the previous four quarters, and that the consensus forecast was just $2.52 per share 60 days ago.

Yahoo is also scheduled to share its results after the markets close. Per-share earnings are expected to have dropped about 37% to $0.29. The estimate for the full year has EPS up about seven cents to $1.59. Revenue for both the quarter and the year are forecast to be marginally lower to $1.19 billion and to $4.41 billion, respectively.

Of the many reports due on Tuesday, Amgen, American Airlines, AT&T, Corning, DuPont, Novartis, 3M, United Technologies and U.S. Steel are anticipated to offer up earnings growth, relative to the year ago quarters.

However, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Caterpillar, Coach, Electronic Arts, Freeport-McMoRan, Juniper Networks and Procter & Gamble are believed to have shrinking earnings, and Peabody Energy is expected to have swung to a net loss.

Wednesday

The forecast for Boeing calls for an more than 11 percent rise in earnings to $2.12 per share, as well as for revenue of $23.89 billion, which would also up marginally from the same period of last year. EPS have handily topped consensus estimates in recent quarters. The aerospace leader will share its results before the opening bell.

In its post-session report, Facebook will say it had per-share earnings of $0.48 on revenue of $3.78 billion, if the consensus forecast for the fourth quarter is accurate. That would be up from EPS of $0.31 and revenue of $2.58 billion a year ago. Strong growth on the top and bottom lines is expected for the full year as well.

Furthermore, analysts on average believe EMC, General Dynamics, General Growth Properties, Las Vegas Sands and Progressive will report earnings growth in the middle of the week. However, quarterly EPS are expected to be lower than a year ago at International Paper and Qualcomm.

Thursday

First thing in the morning, Ford is expected to show a quarterly profit of $0.23 per share, which would be eight cents less than in the fourth quarter of last year. Also, the anticipated quarterly revenue of $34.89 billion would be about 2 percent lower year-over-year. Declines on the top and bottom lines are predicted for the full year as well.

After the end of the trading day, the earnings spotlight will fall on Amazon and Google. The consensus forecast calls for EPS from the former to have tumbled two-thirds to $0.17 in the fourth quarter. From the latter, earnings of $7.12 per share are anticipated, up from the $6.01 per share posted a year ago.

Revenue at Amazon is expected to be $29.70 billion, or about 16 percent higher than a year ago. Revenue growth of less than 10 percent to $18.47 billion is predicted for the Internet search giant. Full-year revenues will be sharply higher for both companies, if forecasts hit the nail on the head.

Also on Thursday, another busy day for quarterly reports, look for anticipated earnings gains from Abbott Labs, Alibaba (sequentially), Broadcom, Celgene, Dow Chemical, JetBlue Airways, Nokia, Potash, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Royal Dutch Shell, Time Warner Cable, Viacom and Visa. In addition, look for lower EPS from Blackstone, ConocoPhillips, Occidental Petroleum, PulteGroup and Valero Energy.

Colgate-Palmolive, Harley-Davidson and Phillips 66 are expected to have EPS that are the same, relative to the year ago period.

See also: Will RadioShack Be The First Retailer To Go Bust In 2015?

Friday

Declines will be the order of the day when Chevron shares its results first thing in the morning. The consensus revenue estimates have year-on-year declines of more than 45 percent to $30.65 billion and more than 7 percent to $212.07 billion for the fourth quarter and the full year, respectively. EPS are projected to have retreated around 36 percent to $1.64 in the quarter, as well as about 12 percent to $9.75 for the year.

AbbVie, Altria, MasterCard, Tyson Foods and Weyerhaeuser are also expected to show growth on the bottom line Friday, while Eli Lilly, Honda and Mattel report earnings declines and EPS for Xerox are the same as a year ago.

Keep up with all the latest breaking news and trading ideas by following Benzinga on Twitter.

Posted-In: Amazon Amazon.comEarnings News Previews Top Stories Pre-Market Outlook Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-03-28
Tom Brady gives Patriots fans heart attacks with cliff diving video Tom Brady has given the New England Patriots several friendly bargains with his contract. Perhaps one concession written into his deal is that he can perform wild and acrobatic activities off the field, and Bill Belichick and Robert Kraft can't say anything about it.

Watch as Brady frightens Patriots Nation here, posting a video to his Facebook page (click the photo on top) of him cliff diving in   we believe   Costa Rica, where he's vacationing with his family. The jump, which is set to the Superman soundtrack, appears to be well over 30 feet   quite frightening.

Brady just sent fans into a tizzy. Naturally, he lived to tell the tale and post the video, along with a funny caption: "Never doing that again! #AirBrady"

That's Belichick's hope, anyway. The fans of New England, too, could use some reassurance on this front as well.

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-05-31
Supermarket giant leaks $1million of gift cards in huge data breach Supermarket giant leaks $1million of gift cards in huge data breach. Photo: Supplied

Supermarket giant Woolworths has cancelled over $1million of shopping vouchers after a massive customer data leak.

A spreadsheet with the names and addresses of thousands of customers and a link to download 7,941 vouchers was reportedly emailed to more than 1000 people.

All of whom were emailed the link could access the gift card codes and begin using the money to shop, reports Fairfax media.

The data breach was discovered on Saturday morning after customers logged on to find that their vouchers were already spent.

The vouchers had been purchased from Groupon which ran a deal offering Big W egift cards valued between $100 and $200 at a 7.5 per cent discount.

Customers impacted by the leak were emailed on Saturday morning informing them that the gift cards had been cancelled.

When contacted by Yahoo7 a Woolworths spokesman confirmed no personal data had been leaked, apart from the email addresses.

Woolworths would not reveal how many people had been impacted by the leak or how it happened but said they were investigating.

A spokesman added:  Woolworths takes the concerns of its customers and data security seriously.

 We experienced a technical fault with an e-voucher offered to customers this week.

 We are working to resolve the issue and are assisting customers."

Were you impacted by this data breach? Email the newsroom on mhills@yahoo-inc.com 
2015-02-02
IP Group Of The Year: Morrison & Foerster PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Chances Are, You've Had These In Your Ovaries (And That's Probably Fine) Don t panic. (Photo: Getty Images/Yahoo)

The word  cyst  can conjure up a slew of frightening mental images, from Elephant Man-level growths to cancer. It s understandable, then, that you might feel concerned if you heard you had an ovarian cyst.

But according to doctors, ovarian cysts are much more common   and usually less dangerous   than expected. So what do ovarian cysts really mean for your health? Here are eight truths to set the record straight.

1. Chances are high that you ve had ovarian cysts.

 Most all women form ovarian cysts monthly until menopause,  Bruce Lee, MD, a board-certified OB-GYN and co-founder of Halt Medical, Inc., tells Yahoo Health.

2. Not all cysts are alike.

There are two major types of ovarian cysts, according to Lee:  Functional  cysts, which occur regularly and are normal, and  pathologic  cysts, which are abnormal. Ovarian cysts can also form due to other conditions that affect the ovaries, like endometriosis, but  the overwhelming majority of ovarian cysts are functional,  Lee says.

3. You shouldn t automatically freak if you find out you have one.

While ovarian cysts sound scary, they re usually harmless, says Tha s Aliabadi, MD, a board-certified OB-GYN in Beverly Hills. These fluid-filled sacs form on or within the ovaries and typically go away in one to three months.

Related: 7 Ways To Keep Your Vagina Young

4. But they can affect fertility.

Lee says that s because the Fallopian tubes are connected to the ovaries. If an ovary is abnormal due to a cyst, it can essentially block an egg s journey and prevent it from being fertilized.

5. You may have an ovarian cyst and not even realize it.

Since most women don t even know when they have an ovarian cyst, many of them have no symptoms at all. But some women can experience dull or sharp pelvic pain or pressure on the side where the cyst is, says Aliabadi.

6. If you do have an ovarian cyst, you may feel like something s off when you re at the gym   or in the sack.

Women will usually feel the pain when they exercise or have sex, says Lee, and the pain can even radiate down through their legs. But they also may notice it more when they ovulate or have their period. Other symptoms include swollen abs, urinating more or less often than usual, and even nausea and vomiting.

7. Chances are, your OB-GYN will find your ovarian cyst during your annual visit.

Since ovarian cysts are fairly common, they re often found during an annual pelvic exam at the gynecologist s office. Tenderness in one area during the exam is usually a tip-off to a doctor of a cyst or ruptured cyst, says Lee.

Related: 8 Myths You Should Stop Believing About Vaginas

The typical next step after a pelvic exam is to get a pelvic or abdominal ultrasound to get a closer look, where the doctor can decipher the type of cyst, and how far along it may be. Of course, women who experience persistent pain in the pelvic area or lower back should see a doctor immediately   and not wait for their annual exam.

8. Even if you have an ovarian cyst, you may not receive any treatment for it.

Ovarian cysts are often not treated since they usually go away on their own, says Aliabadi, but a doctor will want to have a follow-up to make sure the cyst is gone. Women may feel a sharp pain when a cyst bursts, or may not notice it at all.

However, surgery may be needed to remove it if there s pain after several months, the cyst is large and hasn t resolved itself, or if there s a possibility of cancer, she says. And, if recurring cysts are an issue, a doctor will typically prescribe oral contraceptives to prevent them.

While most ovarian cysts are harmless and aren t treated, Lee says it s a good idea to get checked out by a doctor if there are symptoms, just in case.

Your Next Read: The Pre-Sex Move You Should Stop Doing Now 
2015-10-12
Yahoo Trading Below The Sum Of Its Parts Yahoo shares are trading at a discount to the sum of its parts and a profit may be realized by going long Yahoo.

By Tanveer Singh, Edward Tian, Gurnoor Tucker and Scott Jia Hong Chen

We argue that the sum of Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) parts do not add up to its current market pricing. Yahoo is being undervalued. The numbers don't add up: Yahoo owns 384M shares of Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) at $67.71, this is a market value of $26.0B. Yahoo Japan has a market cap of $22.55B. Giving both a liquidity discount of 10%, Yahoo Japan has a further tax discount of 38% and then adding back the total $5.8B in cash, we arrive at a per share value of $35.85 while Yahoo is trading at $32.37, an 11% discrepancy. All this assumes that the core US business is worth $0. The core business, although not a spectacular enterprise, still generates normalized $1.2B in EBITDA annually so the valuation discrepancy is even higher. By doing this trade, we are essentially being paid to own Yahoo's core business. Assigning a 7x multiple to the core business results in a per share value of $43.43, a 34% premium to its current market value.

Our investment thesis comes in lieu of Yahoo's tentative spin-off of Alibaba through a Reverse Morris Trust transaction. This transaction structure would be preferable for a spin-off of Yahoo's Asian businesses, as Yahoo would not need to pay billions of dollars in taxes on the monetization of its investments on Yahoo Japan and Alibaba.

One main hurdle of this transaction structure is to get approval from the IRS. In September, Yahoo's request for a favorable advanced ruling was denied by the IRS, but Yahoo announced that it would go through with its plans to carry out its planned spinoff despite such a decision.

One of the prerequisites for the RMT transaction is that the subsidiary to be merged with an external company has its own operating business, which is why Yahoo is planning on including the Yahoo Small Business segment in the spinoff. Whether this action will allow the transaction to comply with RMT regulations is still uncertain, and some tax experts suspect that the IRS may view the Yahoo Small Business segment as too small or not an active business. However, if the IRS wanted to completely stop Yahoo, it could have easily made a ruling that rejected their proposal instead of only denying an expedited spin-off. We take the view that Yahoo will be able to conduct the spin-off tax-free, with a very low chance of the IRS pursuing litigation and winning in court.

Yahoo currently plans to complete the spin-off during the fourth quarter.

Industry Outlook

Global search engines have thrived in the last 10 years due to advanced technology and worldwide reach. Larger user bases for search engines like Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Bing warrant larger amounts of data collection and analysis, which improves future search speed and efficiency. In 2014, profit margins industry-wide peaked at 15% and in the last five years the industry has seen steady revenue growth and is expected to grow 4.2% in 2014. The search engine industry also has experienced increases in workforce - between 2009 and 2014, the industry workforce grew 2.1% annually on average. Improving economic conditions should further foster growth in the industry.

The industry also has become a marketing outlet due to large user bases. Companies have mastered the simple art of search engine optimization, which allows their company to show up among top results on major search engines. According to a survey by iProspect, a digital marketing firm, around 39% of search engine users believe that the companies showing up at the top of search results are industry leaders. Because of this, companies have devoted resources on advertising via search engines. The Interactive Advertising Bureau estimates 43% of internet advertising expenditures by firms focused on search engines in 2013.

Yahoo has experienced difficulty in generating revenue and has lost a chunk of market share to formidable competitors - Google and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT)'s Bing. But that should not discourage investors seeking to profit from Yahoo's latest transaction with Alibaba. The key to growth for companies with strong search engines is balancing out high-margin search engine divisions with additional businesses. For Yahoo, this includes its acquisitions of Tumblr and Flickr, as well as its content creation networks through Yahoo Sports and Yahoo News - which provides additional advertising revenue.

Investor Analysis of Yahoo

Yahoo's adjusted EBITDA showed a contraction in the first quarter of 2015. However, as can be evidenced through the graph, Yahoo usually performs on par or better throughout the other quarters.

As for revenue, Yahoo has increased revenue by $94 million from Q1 2014 to Q1 to 2015. Its stake in earnings from search has increased by 4% from Q1 of 2014 to Q1 of 2015 as a portion of total revenue. Revenue from searches has increased by $87 million from 2014 to 2015 while display revenue has increased by $11 million.

Both global search trends and global display trends show signs of a positive future for Yahoo (graphs provided by Yahoo Investor Relations). Although the price-per-click for search has decreased, the significant increase in number of paid clicks (10% to 21% in Q4 '14 to Q1 '15) has offset this loss, a net increase of about 18% in profit from increase in searches. The same trend holds true for Q4 '14 to Q1 '15 in display revenue: the net profitability went up from about -1% to +12%.

Downside Case

The market is pricing the Aabaco Holdings spin-off at near its worst-case scenario, namely that the spin-off will be subject to the full 38% tax. The value of Yahoo's BABA holdings will account for $17.15 per share if subjected to the full taxation. Valuing Yahoo Japan at full asset value, the sum of its BABA shares, Yahoo Japan shares and cash comes to $31.87 per share, only slightly lower than the market value of $32.37. Adding in the US Core Business, valued at a 7x multiple gives a downside case of $39.45 per share, implying a margin of safety of 21.9%. These calculations are performed with numbers found through Capital IQ and Wikinvest.

It's clear that the market is pricing Yahoo at its worst-case scenario regarding the monetization of its holdings in Alibaba. As such, purchasing shares in Yahoo presents a limited downside investment with the potential for profit if the spin-off proves to be tax-free, which we are confident in. To hedge out the risk of the falling value of Alibaba shares and Yahoo Japan, one might buy Yahoo and simultaneously short BABA and Yahoo Japan to own only the undervalued US Core Business.

Another way to see this is that by being short BABA and Yahoo Japan and long Yahoo, we are essentially being paid to own the US core business. The market assigning a near zero value to the core business is definitely a mispricing and presents an attractive investment opportunity.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Yahoo is making fast progress in daily fantasy sports A Yahoo! fantasy football jersey hangs next to a workspace in the Global Service Desk area of the the company's Lockport Data Center in Lockport, New York on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014 Photograph by Bloomberg via Getty Images

While private tech startups DraftKings and FanDuel are the early leaders in the "daily" subset of the fantasy sports industry, Yahoo, this football season, jumped in for the first time with its own daily platform. The move was an interesting one when compared to the strategy taken by ESPN, another leader in traditional season-long fantasy football. While ESPN chose to partner up with DraftKings, Yahoo built its own daily platform in-house.

New data shows that Yahoo's strategy is working.

On Sunday, October 11, according to researcher SuperLobby, Yahoo became the first daily-fantasy platform apart from DraftKings and FanDuel to post a positive fees-to-prizes ratio, meaning that it brought in more in entry fees than it paid out in prizes.

That's an important milestone that shows Yahoo is quickly growing its daily product, even though it was late to the daily fantasy market (FanDuel has been around since 2009; DraftKings launched in 2012). If you ask David Copeland, CEO of SuperLobby, Yahoo "is clearly the third force in daily fantasy sports right now." It helped that Yahoo reduced its guaranteed prize pool from $1 million the week before to about $750,000. Critics could say that the reduction diminishes the positive gain, but Copeland says, "To me that shows how well Yahoo knows their market and are able to optimize their contests. People can pretend to avoid the signs, but Yahoo is strong and getting stronger. The securing of the number 3 position in next to no time with almost zero spend on marketing suggests they are cruising."

To be sure, Yahoo is still much smaller than the two billion-dollar "unicorns" vying to differentiate themselves from each other. It is a distant No. 3: DraftKings brought in $25 million in entry fees on October 11, while FanDuel brought in $20.6 million; Yahoo brought in $1.3 million. But that was more than any other of the 10 daily fantasy platforms that SuperLobby tracked. (All 10 are in the table below.) In addition to offering its own daily product, Yahoo sells adds to competitors on its own season-long fantasy app. In other words, Yahoo wins either way: even if you try DraftKings because you saw a banner ad for it in your Yahoo app, DraftKings paid Yahoo for the placement.

Data from SuperLobby

One caveat: SuperLobby warns that its data is "subject to error." Some daily fantasy sites report its data directly to SuperLobby; for the others, the company uses "publicly available sources plus our own technology."

The most significant revelation from this data, apart from Yahoo's gains, is that both DraftKings and FanDuel brought in more money than they ever did in the past in other words, the major scandal over a DraftKings employee playing (and winning) on FanDuel actually helped the two companies. Existing users spent more on the two sites than ever before.

Entry fees are a good indicator of growth. But it would be even more interesting to see the numbers for new user signups in the last week that would show whether the scandal also helped these companies recruit new customers. SuperLobby doesn't track new user signups only the companies themselves have that information, and neither would share with Fortune new user signups from the last week. However: DraftKings told Fortune it had more than 220,000 new users sign up in just the first week of the new NFL season.

Last Sunday, Yahoo was still paying out more in prizes than it brought in: $1.17 out for every $1 in entry fees. This Sunday, it gave 98 cents in prizes for every $1 in entry fees.

Yahoo's platform is still young, and existing daily fantasy enthusiasts may feel that DraftKings and FanDuel are the better options simply because they're the experts, in a sense: their entire reason for being is daily fantasy, while Yahoo is a major tech giant that offers a whole host of products. But Paul Charchian, president of the Fantasy Sports Trade Association, thinks Yahoo is a major threat just by dint of its size and scope: "They ve got easy, cheap access to so many existing users that they don t need to make the same dramatic marketing spend,  he says.  That s a huge advantage. And depending on whom you believe, Yahoo has the most or tied for the most with ESPN existing fantasy users."

Take note, DraftKings and FanDuel. Dell to buy EMC in $67 billion record tech deal, aims for cloud market By Greg Roumeliotis and Jim Finkle

(Reuters) - Computer-maker Dell Inc struck a deal on Monday to buy data storage company EMC Corp (EMC.N) for $67 billion (44 billion pounds), setting a record in the technology industry, as it tries to transform itself into a giant in the fast-growing market for managing and storing corporate data.

The acquisition, the year's third-largest in all sectors, highlights the frenzy of dealmaking sweeping the economy, as big or mature companies take advantage of low interest rates to buy rivals as a way to spur growth.

The deal should help privately held Dell, the world's No. 3 computer maker, diversify from a stagnant consumer PC market and give it greater scale in the more profitable and faster-growing market for cloud-based data services.

That desire to reach beyond PCs - whose growth has been stopped in its tracks with the rise of mobile devices - echoes moves by Dell's big rivals. Hewlett-Packard Co (HPQ.N), the No. 2 PC maker, is splitting off its computer and printer unit this year to focus on the corporate data business. IBM Corp (IBM.N) sold its PC unit a decade ago.

By combining Dell's server businesses with EMC's storage and virtualisation assets, the new, enlarged company will have a broader range of products to challenge Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O), IBM and Hewlett-Packard in the areas of cloud computing, mobility and cyber security.

"I don t think either Dell or EMC were viable over the long run as a standalone; they really needed each other," said Eric Johnson, dean of the Owen Graduate School of Management at Vanderbilt University. "Dell was mostly on the consumer side, which is a terrible place to be. EMC had some enterprise products, but not the complete package."

The deal valued EMC at $33.15 a share as of the end of trading Friday. Dell will pay $24.05 per share in cash and will also give EMC shareholders a special stock that tracks the share price in VMWare Inc (VMW.N), the virtual software provider majority-owned by EMC.

The stock market gave the deal a lukewarm response. EMC shares rose 1.4 percent to $28.25 after earlier jumping more than 2.5 percent. VMware shares plunged 10.7 percent to $70.29, decreasing the value of Dell's offer.





VMware will remain a publicly traded company. FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives said shareholders were concerned, however, that VMware would lose talented employees amid uncertainty about their future under Dell, eventually hurting the company's performance.

They are also worried that Dell's plan to create a VMware tracking stock will hit its price as the size of the float increases dramatically, he said. "This is a nightmare scenario for VMware shareholders. It ended badly for them, while EMC shareholders had a relatively good outcome," Ives said.

EMC's board has approved the merger and will recommend that shareholders do so as well.





'GO SHOP'

The merger agreement includes a 60-day 'go-shop' provision that allows EMC to solicit bids from other parties and pay a discounted breakup fee to Dell if a deal is made with another company, as Reuters first reported on Sunday.

While IBM, Cisco, Oracle Corp (ORCL.N) and Hewlett-Packard could potentially be suitors for EMC, the chances of them challenging Dell with a rival offer are slim, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.

Activist hedge fund Elliott Management, which has a 2.2 percent stake in EMC and had been calling for a break-up of the company, welcomed the deal with Dell and said it was the best outcome for EMC shareholders.

"Elliott is pleased to participate in VMware's ongoing upside through the tracking stock, which will benefit from both meaningful synergies as part of Dell's organization as well as far greater liquidity than VMware shares have today," Jesse Cohn, senior portfolio manager at Elliott, said in a statement.

The deal will be financed through a combination of new equity from Dell's owners - founder and Chief Executive Michael Dell, its investment firm MSD Partners, private equity firm Silver Lake and Singapore state-owned investor Temasek Holdings - as well as the issuance of the tracking stock, new debt and cash on hand.

Michael Dell, with the help of Silver Lake, took the PC maker private in $25 billion deal two years ago.

The debt package put together for the EMC transaction exceeds $40 billion, while Dell's owners will invest more than $3 billion as new equity in the deal, said a person familiar with matter who asked not to be identified as the information was not public.

Read More 
2015-09-03
Yahoo Completes Acquisition of Shopping Website Polyvore Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. Shams Charania Joins Yahoo Sports' NBA Coverage Team Ronald Martinez/Getty Images

Adam Wells Featured Columnist

Yahoo Sports' NBA coverage got a major boost with the hiring of star reporter Shams Charania from RealGM.com.

Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo Sports broke the news of Charania's hiring, calling him the "best young basketball reporter on the planet."

After being scooped by his new colleague, Charania posted a picture on Instagram of him signing his contract with Yahoo:

Charania's now-ex employers at RealGM.com had high praise for him on Twitter:

Just 21 years old and a junior in college, Charania has already made an indelible mark in NBA reporting. He worked at RealGM for three years as a full-time employee, which is almost unheard of in the business.

As far as how Charania was able to achieve that level of success at such a young age, he explained a little bit of what happened in an interview with Chris Reichert of Upside and Motor.

 Early in my time there (at RealGM) I wrote a lot of guest analysis pieces and features,  he said.  I was grinding everyday and I started making connections and honestly, it s just expanded from there. 

Being able to find a career working in sports is a question every fan asks at some point in their life. Charania, who is only going to get better as he gets older, has provided an unusual template that shows anyone can do it with the right drive, mentality and work ethic. Verizon's AOL to Buy Millennial Media for About $250 Million Verizon set to square off with Google in mobile video ads

Verizon Communications Inc. s AOL Inc. agreed to buy ad technology company Millennial Media Inc. for about $250 million, giving it another tool as it mounts a challenge to Google Inc. in mobile advertising.

The $1.75-a-share offer is a 31 percent premium to Millennial s price at Wednesday s close. The transaction will be in the form of a tender offer followed by a merger, New York-based AOL said Thursday in a statement.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Verizon will make its mobile video-streaming service, called Go90, widely available in coming days, according to a person familiar with the situation. With Baltimore-based Millennial, it will be able to deliver more targeted ads to subscribers on their smartphones. The deal also gives Verizon more stake in a mobile ad market dominated by Facebook Inc. and Google. Verizon bought AOL for $4 billion in June, partly for AOL s programmatic-ad technology.

Millennial shares climbed 29 percent to $1.74 at 9:32 a.m. in New York. Verizon shares rose 0.4 percent to $45.54.

Traditional telecommunications companies like Verizon are working to gain a bigger foothold in the mobile video and advertising world as consumer habits move in that direction. More than 60 percent of digital media consumption in the U.S. happens on mobile devices, according to a 2014 survey from ComScore.

Millennial, whose Chief Executive Officer Michael Barrett was previously Yahoo! Inc. s chief revenue officer, had an adjusted net loss of $83 million on $296.2 million in sales last year.

Goldman Sachs Group Inc. advised AOL, while Luma Partners LLC provided financial advice to Millennial. Front Range BBQ named best in Colorado by Yahoo! Travel Yahoo! Travel has created a list of the best BBQ in all 50 states and in Colorado, the winner was Front Range BBQ in Colorado Springs.

Yahoo! wrote, "For live music and great ribs, head to Front Range BBQ in Colorado Springs. Colorado is rising in the ranks of the country s barbecue hotspots. Front Range Barbeque in Colorado Springs is just one example of the tasty meat available."

Front Range BBQ's website says they specialize in "home-cooked Southern Style BBQ & cajun dishes."

Yahoo! said its list of BBQ joints "includes shacks, trailers, lean-to s, carts, and actual sit-down restaurants, either free-standing or in strip malls" and most always will have a line out the door.

See the full list of winners from across the country. 
2015-02-27
NBA to publish 'last two minutes' reports grading refs' late calls, non-calls Back in January 2014, after the NBA acknowledged that Monta Ellis got away with a closing-seconds foul on Austin Rivers that helped cost the New Orleans Pelicans a victory, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said he loved that the league office was copping to missed calls, and not just because that particular one wound up working out in his favor.

"I love the transparency," Cuban said. "Now if I could just get them to do the same level of transparency for the other 47 minutes and 55 seconds, I'd really be making progress."

Well, we're not quite there yet, but starting Monday, the range will be down to a scant 46 minutes. (Progress!)

Beginning Monday, March 2, and continuing throughout the 2015 NBA playoffs, the NBA will provide after-the-fact play-by-play reports "regarding all calls and material non-calls that occur in the last two minutes of close games and during entire overtime periods," the league announced Friday, a move aimed at providing more specific responses to "the most scrutinized calls in NBA games."

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

From the league's Friday statement announcing the new initiative:

The  Last Two Minutes  officiating report is the latest step in the league s effort toward more transparency in its officiating program. Previous actions include this season s launch of the NBA Replay Center, real-time postings on NBA.com and @NBAOfficial of the replays used by officials to make calls during replay reviews, and bi-weekly rule  points of emphasis  memos that are sent to teams, referees and the media. [...]

The league will release assessments of officiated events in the last two minutes of games decided in regulation that were within five points at the two-minute mark. Also, the reports will include plays from the last two minutes and overtime of OT games. Each play will be reviewed by a senior referee manager or basketball operations manager who will provide the assessments. Every play on the report will include a video link to that specific play. The reports will be posted on NBA.com/official and Media Central, the NBA s media website (mediacentral.nba.com), by 5 p.m. ET the day after each game.

By "assessments of officiated events," according to Brian Mahoney of The Associated Press, the league means the reports "will say how the play was graded   correct or incorrect." While you might think referees would bristle at the league publishing such grades and thus inviting public scorn for missteps, the zebras are apparently on-board with the move:

"Our policy in the past was pretty much to wait until we had something that was controversial enough to really garner a lot of interest and we didn't think that that was a practical approach," NBA executive vice president of referee operations Mike Bantom said. "And it also wasn't very fair because they always tended to be errors that were made, so we tried to come up with a system that would allow us to provide some insight into our process and set a criteria that would allow us to be more standardized and more consistent."

Bantom said the referees had input into the plans and welcomed the change from the league's former policy of announcing only when calls were incorrect.

"Our prior practice of commenting only about mistakes that they made was a bone for them, something we didn't feel that was fair to them and also something that they weren't happy about as well," Bantom said. "So I think this is a solution that puts them in a much better light, doesn't hide the fact that they are human and will make mistakes, but also points out the fact that the overwhelming majority of the calls that they get correct."

(UPDATE: Apparently, the amount and nature of referee input are matters of some debate. Yahoo Sports NBA columnist Adrian Wojnarowski reported Friday that the National Basketball Referee's Association had "no involvement in the NBA's decision to make [these reports] public.")

According to USA TODAY's Jeff Zillgitt, a sample report culled from the Portland Trail Blazers' Jan. 19 win over the Sacramento Kings included a review of "12 plays in the final two minutes [that] concluded officials made 11 correct calls and one incorrect call."

The publication of the "two minutes reports" represents the latest in a string of moves to increase transparency in officiating matters and the league at large. The league began acknowledging missed calls before David Stern ceded the commissioner's chair to Adam Silver in February of 2014, but while those mea culpas have continued   for better or for worse   but the pace of the transparency push has quickened since Silver's succession. A Cross Between Legos and Skylanders, Sick Bricks Is Your Kid's Next Obsession A Cross Between Legos and Skylanders, Sick Bricks Is Your Kid s Next Obsession



A new kind of toy is coming in March, and it s going to suck the money right out of your wallet. Spin Master s Sick Bricks features Lego-style figurines that you scan into a companion iOS or Android game, through which you battle them against hordes of aliens in a bid to protect Sick City.

New genre brings toys to life

Sick Bricks is the latest in the toys-to-life genre of playthings that takes action figures and lets you connect them to a video game console, where they appear onscreen for you to control. It s a merging of toys and video games, and we think kids will want it.



Toys-to-life games are not new: The best example of this has been Activision s Skylanders games, which basically print money for the company. It s made more than $2 billion off of the series. Then there are Nintendo s amiibos and Disney s Infinity games.

Even Lego is getting into the act, with its Lego Fusion line. It lets you build a house or medieval tower and scan it into a companion app, through which you can have Lego figures interact with them.

Photo: Darren Weaver



Welcome to Sick City

The problem with these toys-to-life games so far is that they require you to buy figurines plus an expensive video game console. Sick Bricks, on the other hand, relies on an iOS or Android device and figurines that cost $2.50 a piece, which is cheap in the category.

Scanning a figure into the Sick Bricks game is as easy as pointing your smartphone or tablet camera at it and holding still for a moment, while the app recognizes your character.

Sick Bricks also lets players swap pieces between figurines to create new characters with new powers. You can have an astronaut, a zombie, or a zombie astronaut. You can stack figures and scan them to create superpowered characters.

Photo: Darren Weaver



Players can also buy specialized Sick Bricks accessories, including large aliens, sharks, and rafts, which can also be scanned into the game.

To get kids frothing at the mouth for Sick Bricks figures, Spin Master will also have a Sick Bricks show on Cartoon Network.

In other words, your wallet is about to get a lot lighter.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+. What We Expect From Mobile World Congress, Next Week's Huge Technology Conference Next week, some of the largest tech companies in the world will converge on beautiful Barcelona, Spain, for one of the biggest technology conferences of the year, Mobile World Congress 2015.

The show, which officially kicks off on Monday, is dedicated to all things mobile, ranging from smartphones and tablets to connected cars and smartwatches. It s sure to be an amazing show, and we ll be there to cover the whole thing.

So what do we expect to see at MWC 2015? Let s take a look.

Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge

We ve been seeing rumors and leaks about Samsung s Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge for some time now, but it looks like we ll finally get to see them both at Mobile World Congress.

The phones are said to sport a more premium design than Samsung s Galaxy S5 and pack 16-megapixel cameras. But the S6 Edge will likely steal the show thanks to a curved display that cascades off of both its left and right sides. Samsung is expected to reveal both on Sunday evening in Spain.

HTC One M9

Not to be outdone by Samsung, HTC is also expected to launch its new flagship Android smartphone, the HTC One M9. Images of the handset and even spec sheets detailing its camera, battery, and processor have already hit the Web, ahead of the phone s official announcement.

And though it looks very similar to its predecessor, the HTC One M8, we re still excited to see what the follow-up to one of the best phones of 2014 has to offer. HTC will also unveil its new phone Sunday evening.

This crazy phone

Besides new offerings from Samsung and HTC, a host of other smartphones are expected to make their debut at the big show, including this weird pocket watch-style handset from Monohm. Called the Runcible, this smartphone has a wood back and a circular shape.

Read More 
2015-02-20
No Reason To Own Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) After Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA ... After Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) completes its complex spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), there s no reason to own the former s stock, Jon Najarian told his colleagues on CNBC s Options Action.

Last month, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced a multifaceted plan to spin off its take in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) which should make the deal tax-free instead of paying billions in taxes had the internet company decided to sell the shares outright.

 No, there s [no reason to own Yahoo after the Alibaba spinoff]. They haven t given us a reason to, quite frankly. Are they making progress to Miss Mayer s [goals]? Yes, they have at Yahoo but they re going to be a very small piece of search. They re going to be a very small piece of mobile messaging and anything else that they may try to compete with the big guys on,  Najarian said.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), after it closes its transactions to spin off its Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) stake which is expected to be completed by the last quarter of 2015, is not a company that he would like to own, Najarian said.

 Outside of Alibaba, there s no reason to own this one right now,  Najarian concluded.

As part of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s plan to avoid paying a huge amount of tax on its spinoff of its Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares, the company will also be including its Small Business unit to the vehicle it is putting together.

Yahoo will, however, be keeping its 35.5% stake in Yahoo Japan.

David E. Shaw s D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P. owned about 13.54 Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares by the end of the fourth quarter of 2014, down 31% quarter over quarter.

Dan Loeb s Third Point owned 10 million shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) by the end of last year, up 39% quarter over quarter.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Scam alert: the company is real, but the job offer is fake If you're a job seeker you already know that there exist plenty of scammers posing as employers in hopes of either stealing your identity, or cheating you out of what money you have.

Sometimes these scammers will place bogus help-wanted ads and wait for potential victims to contact them, while other scammers will make first contact themselves, sending emails either to random people, or specifically to those who'd posted resumes on various online  find-a-job  sites.

Of course, if you get an out-of-the-blue job offer, you know to do an online search for the company, to make sure it's legitimate. But even if the company is real, that email in your inbox might not really be from them.

This week we heard from a reader named Beverly, who thought she'd received a work-at-home job offer from a company called Logistic Solutions. It looked legitimate   and a quick online search shows that there really is an IT company by that name, based in New Jersey   but upon closer inspection it became obvious that Beverly's offer was some type of scam. But what kind?

It all started a couple of Mondays ago, when Beverly checked her email and saw a one with the hopeful-sounding subject heading  Resume approved.  When she opened it, here's what she read (these lines are exact cut-and-pastes, errors and all):

Subject: Resume Approved From: Logistic Solution Inc. <logisticincmanagement@yahoo.com> To: Dear Applicant, Congratulations, Our recruiting team has reviewed your resume on www.gettelemarketingjobs.com for the position we believe you would be capable of handling, This positions are based on your resume. This is an immediate hire position therefore if you are interested kindly get back to me to brief you about the company and the job details, also the payment and the working hours. Best Regards Human Resources LOGISTIC SOLUTION INC. Sorting code#: 9887090274

Obvious problems

There's a few obvious problem with this email. First, it was sent from an @yahoo.com address   and legitimate businesses, especially those big and successful enough to be hiring additional staff, have their own  named  email addresses, not a free, generic webmail account. And it wasn't addressed to  Beverly,  merely to  Applicant.  The writing and punctuation are atrociously incorrect (although this scammer did, at least, care enough to run his come-on through a spell-check first).

Another problem only becomes evident if you search online for  Logistic Solution, Inc.  in quotation marks   there doesn't seem to be any company by that exact name.

Despite her misgivings, Beverly wrote back to ask about the job: when would she start, and what would her pay be?

The scammers responded later that afternoon:

About The Company and The Job Interview Here are the details about the company and the job Interview This is a work from home Job. COMPANY PROFILE :Logistic Solutions Inc is located in Piscataway Township, New Jersey and [several paragraphs of standard tech-company marketing boilerplate]  .

Once again, the writing is unprofessionally bad. And the company's name changed, too; this email said the company was called  Logistic Solutions  ending with an S, not the singular  Logistic Solution, Inc.  mentioned before. Another ominous warning sign: legitimate companies know how to spell their own names.

With the proper spelling, it was easy to search online and determine that yes, there actually is an IT company by that name in New Jersey   and no, they did not send any emails to Beverly. Company employees have email addresses ending in @logistic-solutions.com, not a Yahoo email address, and the phone number listed on the official Logistic Solutions website is different from the phone number the scammer eventually sent to Beverly, too.

(Also: none of the job openings listed on its  Careers  page were for work-at-home positions, either.)

Check scam

The scammer went on to promise Beverly a wage of $40 per hour, mentioned various types of software she would need to do the job, and then:

 The company's accountant will mail out check to you so you can purchase your office equipment and your upfront pay for training programme  . Then after that you are to cash it out and you are to purchase these software's from the company retailer/ shipping agent who we have been buying from for years now.... and means of payment accepted Direct deposit in the company retailer account ,providing you with the vendor's payment information which you will be using in purchasing the software's.

So that's what the scammer's goal is: he's trying to hook Beverly into an elaborate version of a check scam!

The usual check scam works like this: the scammer sends you a fake check for some amount of money, but of course you don't initially realize it's fake. He tells you to deposit the check into your account, then withdraw a small fraction of it and give it to him. A day or so later, your bank informs you that the check was a fake, with no money to back it up   and the money you withdrew from your account to give to the scammer is gone.

Luckily, by this point Beverly stopped responding to the scammer and wrote us instead.

Even if you don't remember all the warning signs of a scam email, always remember this: in a real job money only ever flows in one direction   from boss to worker, from employer to employee.

No legitimate employer will expect workers to withdraw money from their own accounts and send it to their bosses, nor expect workers to use their own personal, private accounts to perform official company financial transactions. Beverly did not let herself fall for such a scam   make sure you don't, either. How Wal-Mart's CEO came to support a US$1-billion pay increase for employees Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon helped set the stage for this week s US$1 billion pay increase almost a year ago in Orlando, Florida, when he rallied managers to reverse a slide in customer service.

Wal-Mart to raise pay for 40% of its employees as part of US$1-billion investment

Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is spending US$1 billion to make changes to how it pays and trains hourly workers as the embattled retailer tries to reshape the image that its stores offer dead-end jobs. Continue reading.



It was only a few weeks after McMillon took the CEO job, and he made it clear that improving service would be a key piece of his agenda   even if it meant higher labour costs. At the company s annual Year Beginning Meeting, held last March, he and other executives laid out a plan to add employees hours in a bid to boost  in-store execution.  Store shelves needed to be better stocked with merchandise and resolving that matter was presented as a US$3 billion opportunity.

McMillon made surprise visits to Wal-Mart stores and didn t like what he saw: long checkout lines, empty shelves and problems with produce. Over the past 11 months, Wal-Mart has increasingly linked worker pay with the notion of improving the store experience for customers. By October, McMillon made the strongest indication that wage hikes were coming. He vowed to stop paying any of his workers minimum wage.

 Retail has been a people business and retail will be a people business,  he said at the time.  How a customer gets treated matters. 

The push culminated in a Wal-Mart s announcement Thursday that it was raising wages for 500,000 of its workers, with the goal of retaining better employees and making them more productive in their jobs. The move will increase hourly pay to at least US$9 by April and US$10 by next February.

Foran s Role

Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, is taking the step as part of a broader campaign to better train, schedule and compensate workers. It s been a collaborative effort by McMillon and Wal-Mart s U.S. CEO Greg Foran, a New Zealander who took his current position after running the retailer s Asian operations.

Foran warned in November that striving for higher customer service would ultimately come at a cost.

How a customer gets treated matters

 We ll continue to see pressures to the bottom-line as we balance wage leverage with higher customer service standards,  he said.  We have opportunities to improve the business, but we also know that these things will take time to ensure that they are executed properly. 

At the same time, Wal-Mart faced mounting criticism for not paying workers enough and was grappling with brief strikes at its stores. A few years ago, a walkout at Wal-Mart was uncommon. But by the holiday season of 2014, activists had begun holding such events regularly   including one during Black Friday.

Related

Health Benefits

Wal-Mart also drew flak in October for cutting medical benefits to about 30,000 workers, a response to mounting heath-care costs and the growth of alternatives available under Obamacare. The retailer no longer provides health coverage to employees who work less than 30 hours a week.

Labour activists also seized on the appointment of Yahoo! Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer to Wal-Mart s board in 2012. She was seen as a potential pressure point for the labour issue, and groups urged her to promote higher wages at Wal-Mart.

After Thursday s announcement, Mayer said she was proud of Wal-Mart s management and that the board had been  very supportive  of the idea.

 I m particularly proud of Doug, obviously now about a year into his tenure there,  she said at a Yahoo conference in San Francisco.  It was a very bold move. 

White House

President Barack Obama s administration also had  a number of conversations  with Wal-Mart executives on the topic, according to a White House official. Valerie Jarrett, senior adviser to the president, encouraged Wal-Mart executives to act in a meeting in Arkansas several months ago, said the official, who asked not to be named because the talks were private.

McMillon, who became CEO in February 2014 after a three-decade career at the company, took an egalitarian tone in announcing the pay raises to employees on Thursday morning. McMillon began his own Wal-Mart career as a summer worker in 1984 at a distribution centre.

It s the right thing to do to reinvest in labour to drive better customer service. But that takes time

 We re all associates,  the 48-year-old said in a memo that was posted online.  Today s cashiers will be tomorrow s store or club managers. Today s managers are tomorrow s vice presidents. Tomorrow s CEO will almost definitely come from inside our company. 

Department managers are also getting a bump, with starting wages for some of the positions going to US$13 an hour this summer and US$15 next year.

While the pay raises were seen as a victory by labor groups, investors were less enthusiastic. The extra labour costs, coupled with currency headwinds, will weigh on Wal-Mart s profit this year. The announcement sent the shares down 3.2% to US$83.52, the biggest one-day decline in four months.

Ultimately, the higher compensation will yield benefits for McMillon and Wal-Mart, said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones in St. Louis.

 There will be less turnover, better morale, lower future training costs,  he said.  It s the right thing to do to reinvest in labour to drive better customer service. But that takes time. 

Bloomberg News Android Malware Can Spy on You Even After Your Phone Is 'Shut Off' It looks like a breakthrough in nefarious mobile device software: a newly discovered spyware program can actually track you after you ve shut down your phone.

Well, after you think you ve shut down your phone, anyway.

As spotted by the AVG anti-virus software company, the malware (which affects Android phones, and which does not yet have a catchy nickname) tricks phone owners into thinking that they ve shut down their devices. Pressing the power button on an infected phone calls up a fake Power Off button onto the screen. When tapped, only the phone s screen, sound alerts, and notification lights are actually powered off.

While in this state, the spyware can reportedly make calls, take pictures, and send and receive messages.

Yikes.

The malware is hidden inside some apps found on Chinese app markets. So, if you re not downloading apps from third-party Chinese app markets, you re probably safe.

We ve heard reports of hackers, and even the government, looking through computer and smartphone cameras remotely without owners being any the wiser. But those types of hacks had to be performed while owners were aware their devices were powered on. The introduction of this new malware looks to ruin any piece of mind that you may have once gained after allegedly  shutting off  your phone.

The good news is that this creepy spyware isn t something that has been, or probably ever will be, found in Google Play apps. Android has gone to great lengths to clamp down on fraudulent and malicious apps in its market, now scanning them both before and after you ve installed them to your Galaxy, HTC One, Moto X, or whatever. So if you stick with the official Google app store, you should be safe from any of the above scariness.

And obviously, if that isn t enough assurance for you, you can always resort to pulling your phone s battery out anytime you want privacy. We re pretty sure there will be no malware workaround coming down the pipe for that trick. (Please, hackers, do not prove us wrong.)

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.

 Top Funds' Activity In Q4 2014 But which funds are worth tracking and which aren't? For that you'll need to read my lengthy comment.

Big hedge funds cut their stakes in Apple and Alibaba and some are selectively dipping into energy stocks.

It's that time of the year again when everyone pores over the holdings of top hedge funds.

Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Sam Forgione of Reuters report, Top U.S. hedge funds cut Apple stakes ahead of all-time high:

Top U.S. hedge fund management firms, including David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management, reduced their stakes in Apple Inc during the fourth quarter, ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally in 2015, according to regulatory filings. Apple was a big winner in 2014, with its shares rising nearly 38 percent. The company's stock is up more than 16 percent year to date and reached an intraday record high of $128.88 per share. Last week, its stock market value rose above $700 billion, bigger than Switzerland's gross domestic product. Although Apple is the biggest position in Coatue Management's portfolio, the firm sold 1.7 million shares at the end of the quarter, or more than 15 percent of its stake, leaving it with 8.9 million shares, according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday. In a filing on Friday, Greenlight said it cut Apple holdings by 6.2 percent to 8.6 million shares during the quarter. Eric Mandelblatt's Soroban Capital Partners sold 4.3 million Apple call options, liquidating the fund's position. And David Tepper's Appaloosa Management hedge fund said it had dissolved its stake in Apple, while Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors sold 808,000 Apple shares to own 383,790 shares at the end of the fourth quarter. Last week, billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said the technology company's shares should be trading at $216 apiece, equivalent to a market capitalization of $1.26 trillion. The actions by Greenlight and Coatue were revealed in quarterly disclosures of manager stock holdings, known as 13F filings, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. They are of great interest to investors trying to divine a pattern in what savvy traders are selling and buying. The disclosures are backward-looking and come out 45 days after the end of each quarter. Still, the filings offer a glimpse into what hedge fund managers saw as opportunities on the long side. The filings do not disclose short positions. As a result, the public filings do not always present a complete picture of a management firm's stock holdings. The following are some of the hot stocks and sectors in which hedge fund managers either took new positions or exited existing positions in the fourth quarter. ABBVIE Lee Ainslie's Maverick Capital liquidated its stake, selling 4.7 million shares in the drug maker after its planned merger with Shire was scuttled. John Paulson' Paulson & Co. also liquidated his position, selling 13 million shares. ACTAVIS PLC Coatue Management opened a new position, buying 964,155 shares, as drugmaker Actavis won a high-stakes battle to buy Botox maker Allergan Inc. Daniel Loeb's Third Point upped its stake by 20 percent to 3.5 million shares. But Neil Chriss' Hutchin Hill cut its position by 13 percent, selling 17,201 shares to own 28.3 million at the end of the quarter. Omega Advisors raised its stake by 237,100 shares to own 943,572 shares. ALLERGAN, Scott Ferguson's Sachem Head liquidated its position in the Botox-maker that was at the heart of a heated takeover battle run by William Ackman, Ferguson's former boss. AGRIUM INC Activist investor ValueAct bought 2.9 million shares of the Canadian fertilizer producer to own 8.2 million at the end of the quarter. AMGEN INC The biotechnology company is being pressured by hedge fund investor Daniel Loeb to break itself apart. Alex Denner, who now runs Sarissa Capital after working for Carl Icahn, upped his stake by 165 percent to 50.6 million shares. BAKER HUGHES INC Farallon Capital Management bought 3.5 million shares, a new position, of the oilfield services company, which will be bought by rival Halliburton Co. Activist fund ValueAct Capital took an even bigger new position, buying 14.9 million shares. ValueAct also took a 20.9 million-share stake in Halliburton. Omega Advisors took a new stake in Baker Hughes of 65,500 shares and sold its entire 1.9 million-share stake in Halliburton. BANK OF AMERICA CORP John Burbank's Passport Capital, which made money this year by betting against energy exchange-traded funds, added a position in Bank of America, buying 2.8 million shares. CITIGROUP Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors cut its stake in the bank by 915,200 shares to 4.2 million shares. EBAY INC Jon Jacobson's Highfields Capital raised its stake in online commerce company eBay by 39 percent by adding 1.8 million shares to own 6.5 million at the quarter's end. Third Point bought 5.5 million shares to own 10 million shares, while Omega Advisors raised its stake by 375,200 shares to 3.5 million shares. FACEBOOK INC Tiger Consumer cut its holdings in the online social network operator by 28 percent to 854,980 shares. Aaron Cowen's Suvretta Capital bought 629,600 shares, putting on a new position. GENERAL MOTORS CO Caxton Associates made a new bet, buying 1.2 million shares of the automaker. GOOGLE Maverick adds a new position, having bought 659,237 shares. LIBERTY GLOBAL PLC Coatue raised its stake in the European cable operator by 34 percent, purchasing 1.4 million shares to own 5.6 million shares. Tiger Consumer sold 527,956 shares, giving it 1.5 million shares. NETFLIX INC Coatue cut its position by 13 percent, selling 287,415 shares to own 1.8 million shares. Tiger Consumer, however, opened a new position in the provider of on-demand Internet streaming services, buying 182,098 shares. PACKAGING CORPORATION OF AMERICA Activist investor Marcato Capital Management takes new position, buying 3.3 million shares. RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL Activist investor William Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management buys 38 million shares in TALISMAN ENERGY Paulson & Co opened a new position, buying 70 million shares. TESLA MOTORS INC Highfields Capital took on a new position in the high-end electric car maker, buying 91,296 shares. Tesla shares fell late last year but climbed anew in early 2015. SUNEDISON INC Third Point nearly doubled its stake by buying 5 million shares to own 11.2 million. Omega Advisors increased its stake in the solar power company by 1.2 million shares to 9 million shares. WALGREEN Co. Andreas Halvorsen's Viking Global Investors added a new position in the drugstore chain, buying 18.9 million shares. YAHOO INC Passport Capital slashed its position by 81 percent, selling 6 million shares in the search engine company to own 1.4 million at the end of the quarter. ZOETIS INC The animal health company, which made headlines when activist investors William Ackman and Scott Ferguson bought big stakes, also saw new interest from other hedge funds. Highfields Capital bought 252,000 shares.

It's that time of the year again when everyone gets all hot and bothered dissecting the 13F filings of overpaid hedge fund gurus. Well, today you're in for a treat but first let's go over a few more articles.

Kaja Whitehouse of the USA Today reports, Hedge fund billionaires bail on Alibaba (NYSE:BABA):

Hedge fund billionaires Steve Cohen and David Tepper sold their entire stakes in e-commerce giant Alibaba last quarter, along with more than a dozen other hedge funds. In all, 20 investors booted Alibaba from their portfolios by the end of December - including a whopping 19 hedge funds, according to data from financial research firm FactSet. Their exit was fortuitously timed, allowing secretive hedge funds to avoid stock drops in January tied to disappointing earnings and concerns over a probe by a Chinese regulator into bribes and fake goods sold on the site. Alibaba raised $25 billion last year in the biggest initial public offering in history. It's stock, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange, is down 13.4% this year. The stock recently traded at $87.21 a share, up 0.04% from its previous close. Cohen's Point72's Asia fund sold 500,000 shares. Tepper's Appaloosa Management sold 725,000 shares, while Eric Mindich's Eton Park sold 1.2 million shares. Other hedge fund exits include Farallon Capital, which sold 530,800 shares, and Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors, which dropped 410,000 shares. Of course, some hedge funds also bought shares of Alibaba over the same period for the first time ever, including Tiger Global Management, Tudor Investments and Och-Ziff Capital Management. Investors that exited Alibaba were dominated by hedge funds, while new entrants to the stock included a wider array of investors, including mutual fund firm Janus Capital, which picked up 3.4 million shares. USAA Investment Management Co., which offers financial planning for military families, bought 428,802 shares. Among hedge funds that bought for the first time was Chase Coleman's Tiger Global, which added a whopping 5.8 million. Paul Tudor Jones' Tudor Investments picked up 520,750 shares, while OZ Management, a unit of the publicly traded Och-Ziff Capital, bought 1 million shares. Billionaire investor George Soros, meanwhile, kept his 4.4 million stake, worth $382 million, unchanged last quarter, according to FactSet.

Interestingly, Soros Fund Management took new positions in the energy sector in the fourth quarter, including stakes in Devon Energy Corp (NYSE:DVN) and Transocean (NYSE:RIG), two of the worst performing S&P 500 stocks in 2014, especially Transocean which was down a whopping 63% last year.

Soros wasn't the only guru buying beaten down energy stocks in the fourth quarter. William Alden and Matthew Goldstein of the New York Times report, Seeing Value After a Plunge, Hedge Funds Bet on Energy Stocks:

A few hedge fund managers have been tiptoeing back into the beaten-down energy sector. While many investors, including Warren E. Buffett, were selling energy stocks in the final three months of 2014, several hedge funds sought to profit on the turmoil, regulatory filings showed on Tuesday. Third Point, the firm run by Daniel S. Loeb, acquired a sizable stake in the oil refinery company Phillips 66, while Leon G. Cooperman's Omega Advisors amassed a new position in Laredo Petroleum, and Viking Global Investors, led by Andreas Halvorsen, increased its stake in Cheniere Energy by several million shares. At the same time, other hedge funds reduced their holdings of technology stocks, including Apple and Alibaba, which had recently attracted investors in droves. These moves, by some of Wall Street's most prominent investors, were disclosed in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, providing a partial snapshot of hedge funds' holdings as of the end of the year. The filings, submitted by a Tuesday deadline, shed some light on which companies and sectors were attracting the affection - or the skepticism - of the so-called smart money. Investing in energy in recent months has required a strong stomach. The price of a barrel of crude oil, after trading around $100 in June, fell to about $43 in January, putting pressure on a range of oil and gas companies and funds that invested heavily in energy stocks. The filings show Mr. Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway sold its 41 million shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter, while Greenlight Capital, David Einhorn's hedge fund, sold its entire two million-share stake in the British oil giant BP. Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners sold its 3.4 million shares in the Apache Corporation, the oil and gas company. To some hedge fund managers, the rout apparently provided an opportunity for bottom-fishing. Mr. Loeb's Third Point acquired five million shares of Phillips 66, a stake worth $384.5 million as of Tuesday. Omega Advisors, meanwhile, acquired 2.1 million shares of Laredo Petroleum and 652,500 shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation. But at the same time, Omega sold about 29 percent of its big stake in SandRidge Energy, ending the quarter with 32.2 million shares. ValueAct Capital, an activist hedge fund, acquired big new positions in Halliburton and Baker Hughes, two oil field services companies that agreed to a $34.6 billion merger in November. The two stakes, each worth more than $900 million, could make ValueAct a forceful advocate for the deal, which will be subject to shareholder votes in March. While it is far from certain that these energy bets will pay off, some stocks in the sector are showing signs of improvement. Fairholme Capital Management, the fund founded by Bruce R. Berkowitz, bought a stake in the oil and gas company Canadian Natural Resources, whose shares fell 20.5 percent in the fourth quarter but are up 3.6 percent so far this year. Similarly, Eton Park Capital Management, which was started by a Goldman Sachs alumnus, Eric Mindich, bought shares of the natural gas producer EQT. That company's stock fell 17.3 percent in the fourth quarter but is up 7.8 percent this year. Some hedge funds showed caution in the technology sector. One longtime fan of Apple, Mr. Einhorn, who once took the company to court over a plan to eliminate preferred shares, reduced Greenlight Capital's stake in Apple by about 6 percent, to 8.6 million shares, which were worth more than $1 billion as of Tuesday. Another hedge fund, Coatue Management, which focuses on technology, reduced its Apple holdings by about 15 percent, to 8.9 million shares, as of the end of 2014. Appaloosa Management, David Tepper's hedge fund, sold its entire 1.2 million-share stake in Apple, as well as its holdings in Facebook and the Chinese Internet giant Alibaba, which became a hedge fund darling after going public in September. Mr. Tepper's move on Alibaba appears well-timed, since the stock fell this year after peaking in the fall. With Apple, however, Mr. Tepper and his rivals have been confounded by the stock's rally so far this year. These disclosures are limited in important ways. Backward-looking and static, they show only the holdings of United States-listed stocks at the end of the fourth quarter. And they do not include any short positions, or bets against particular stocks. What's more, any apparent trends among the hedge funds fail to capture the diversity of the moves. Mr. Loeb, for example, increased his fund's existing stake in Alibaba during the quarter, while Mr. Einhorn acquired a new stake in Yahoo, an older technology giant. Greenlight Capital also bought 1.25 million shares of Green Dot, one of the nation's largest sellers of prepaid debit cards. This month, Green Dot, as previously announced by the company, stopped selling its popular MoneyPak prepaid product over concerns about it being misused by online swindlers. In addition to showing what stocks are getting attention, the filings help reveal how upstart hedge funds are mapping their strategies. Among the most closely watched of these funds are those run by disciples of Steven A. Cohen, the head of the former SAC Capital Advisors. That firm pleaded guilty to securities fraud in 2013 and has since rebranded itself as Point72 Asset Management, a $10 billion family office that manages mainly Mr. Cohen's personal fortune. Gabriel Plotkin, who was one of the top portfolio managers at SAC, set out on his own last year, raising about $1 billion, including a $200 million commitment from Mr. Cohen, for his own hedge fund, Melvin Capital Management. And Mr. Plotkin did not waste much time putting that money to work, taking positions in more than 40 stocks with an estimated value of $900 million, according to the fund's regulatory filing. Mr. Plotkin specialized in investing in consumer stocks at SAC, and Melvin Capital appears to be no different, with the fund buying stakes in Amazon.com, the Del Frisco's Restaurant Group, Deere & Company, Dick's Sporting Goods, Foot Locker and Yum Brands. Other relatively new hedge funds led by former disciples of Mr. Cohen are Aaron Cowen's Suvretta Capital Management and Jason Karp's Tourbillon Capital Partners. In the fourth quarter, Suvretta reported selling a 467,000-share position in Anadarko Petroleum and a 223,890-share position in Ashland, a specialty chemical company. The fund acquired a new 629,600-share position in Facebook in the period. Tourbillon, in the fourth quarter, purchased a new 1.45 million share stake in Applied Materials and increased its stake in Cheniere Energy by about 630,000 shares. The fund exited a 280,000-share position in Zebra Technologies.

Nothing like having your old billionaire hedge fund boss seeding your new fund with a $200 million commitment. When Steve Cohen votes with his wallet, I pay attention, which is why I'm including the holdings of Melvin Capital in my long list of top funds I track (see below).

While betting big on energy might pay off, Svea Herbst-Bayliss of Reuters reports that a few other well-known hedge fund gurus exited tumbling energy shares late last year:

Prominent investors ranging from Leon Cooperman and Steven A. Cohen have long liked exploration and production companies, but when tumbling oil prices wreaked havoc on their share prices late last year, hedge fund billionaires scrambled for the exits. Regulatory filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission detailing what Wall Street's savviest investors owned at the end of the fourth quarter paint a mixed picture. Some hedge funds dumped all of their holdings while others hedged their bets by getting rid of some but not all of their investments in companies involved in the high-risk but potentially high-reward business of finding and producing oil and gas. For example, Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors, long considered one of the industry's top stock pickers, liquidated its entire 3.7 million share investment in Denbury Resources Inc (DNR) during the three months, when its stock price dropped 44 percent, a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission showed. But at SandRidge Energy Inc (SD), where Omega ranked as the third-largest investor at the end of 2014, Cooperman cut only 29 percent of his position, selling 13 million shares to own 32 million. Last year Omega Advisors fell 2.13 percent, according to a person familiar with his numbers. Hedge funds, on average, gained 3 percent, research firm Hedge Fund Research reported. Omega's performance got off to a rocky start in January 2015 with losses, but keeping some exposure to SandRidge was a good call as the stock has climbed nearly 30 percent since Jan. 1. Meanwhile Cohen's Point72 Asset Management, which invests Cohen's roughly $10 billion personal fortune, slashed its investment in natural gas producer Range Resources Corp (NYSE:RRC) by 65 percent during the fourth quarter as its stock price dropped 20 percent. The stock is off roughly 2 percent this year and the company plans to cut its capital budget for the current year because of falling commodity prices. Halcon Resources Corp (NYSE:HK), whose share price fell 54 percent during the fourth quarter, also said it was cutting its capital budget for 2015 to conserve cash and avoid a fire sale to a rival. Several prominent investors, including Rainier Investment Management and Regiment Capital, adjusted their portfolios late last year. Rainier liquidated its 2.5 million share-stake in Halcon, according to a filing. It also sold its interest in oil services company Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL), which is buying rival Baker Hughes Inc (NYSE:BHI). Regiment Capital meanwhile made only a small adjustment by selling 50,085 shares of Halcon, cutting its stake by 2 percent, the filing shows. Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC), whose share price dropped 16 percent during the last quarter but has risen 6 percent this year, has attracted some buying interest. During the fourth quarter, Diamond Hill Capital Management increased its investment in Cimarex by 16 percent to 3.1 million shares. But Senator Investment Group liquidated its investment, selling 1.9 million shares.

What else? Forbes reports that a growing number of hedge funds are taking stakes in paper stocks for the next round of tax maneuvering but that might end up being another flop as some paper companies are reporting terrible earnings.

You can read many more articles on 13-F filings on Reuters, Bloomberg, CNBC, Forbes and other sites like Insider Monkey, Holdings Channel, and whale wisdom. Those of you who want to delve more deeply into these filings can subscribe to services offered by market folly and 13D monitor whose principals also offer the 13D Activist Fund incorporating the best ideas from top activist funds.

Inan Dogan of Insider Monkey wrote an interesting comment on the 50 stocks that matter most to hedge funds going over Goldman's "hedge fund VIP list."

My advice to all of you is to ignore this list altogether. Why? Because there's a lot of group think in hedge funds (they're being covered by the same investment banks) and when they're all chasing the same stocks, you can easily get burned following their moves.

As far dipping into energy stocks, you can benefit from powerful countertrend rallies but don't overstay your welcome. It really all depends on whether you think the U.S. can lead the world out of global deflation. As I explained in my Outlook 2015, I still see a melt-up in stocks but you have to pick your stocks and sectors carefully:

In this environment, investors should overweight small caps (NYSEARCA:IWM), technology (QQQ or XLK) and biotech shares (IBB or XBI) and keep steering clear of energy (NYSEARCA:XLE), materials (NYSEARCA:XLB) and commodities (NYSEARCA:GSG). And even though deflationary headwinds will pick up in 2015, I'm less bullish on utilities (NYSEARCA:XLU) and healthcare (NYSEARCA:XLV) because valuations are getting out of whack after a huge run-up last year. One of my favorite sectors remains small cap biotechs which are going to outperform once again in 2015. The ALPS Medical Breakthroughs ETF (NYSEARCA:SBIO) debuted on the market last Wednesday, but my eyes are glued on many small biotech shares, including the ones below courtesy of the Baker Brothers, Fidelity, Perceptive Advisors and others (click on image - updated 08-01-15): But I warn you, small cap biotechs are extremely volatile and very risky, especially if all you do is chase momentum names (you'll get destroyed!). Last year, I had to stomach insane volatility but I kept my cool, carefully adding to my biotech positions during the big unwind, and had a spectacular year listening to my inner voice and knowing when to go for the kill (ie. when do buy those huge biotech dips!). And if my prediction of another melt-up in the stock market pans out, it will be led by tech and biotech shares which were on fire in 2014. This is where I see most of the action in 2015 as a nascent biotech bubble forms.

I can tell you the Baker Brothers Investments purchased 5,333,333 shares of Idera (NASDAQ:IDRA) last Friday at a price of $3.75 a share for a total transaction value of $19,999,998.75, which is one reason the stock surged higher. This is one of my favorite small biotech companies along with others listed above.

And a perfect example of chasing momentum names is the whacky price action on Rosetta Genomics (NASDAQ:ROSG) and especially Genetic Technologies (NASDAQ:GENE) which ran up like crazy lately but the laws of gravity seem to have finally caught up to them (click on image):

These are medical laboratory stocks, which like medical devices, also benefit from aging demographics but when you see insane pops like this, you know some big funds like Fidelity are either buying in or more likely, some hedge funds are playing the old pump and dump game (either way, never chase stocks that run up like crazy, wait for them to settle down).

I love stocks, especially in this environment which is as good as it gets for experienced equity traders. With all the QE central banks have engaged in, there is so much liquidity in the global financial system that will propel stocks and risk assets much higher, even if the Fed makes a monumental mistake and starts raising rates in June.

And I'll give you four tech stocks where you could have made a lot of money just playing their earnings over the past month: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) and FireEye (NASDAQ:FEYE). I particularly like the latter two names and think they have more upside ahead in the coming year.

In fact, I told my friends and readers to buy the dip on Twitter and as far as FireEye, it's part of a hot group of companies focusing on cyber security (click on image):

And FireEye is a textbook example of a stock that based for a long time and is finally breaking out. This is why I don't particularly get hung up on what the gurus are buying.

I've built a large database over the years and keep adding to it every single day. I screen various stocks and see which ones are overbought/oversold or if there is relative strength/weakness in a particular sector and see where the action is on a timely basis.

In addition, I regularly look at the YTD performance of stocks, the 12-month leaders, the 52-week highs and 52-week lows. I also like to track the most shorted stocks and highest yielding stocks in various exchanges.

Do I use the information provided in 13F filings? Yes but I'm careful and want to see if top funds are adding to their positions after buying a dip. I also use technical indicators and often buy dips of stocks when they go down for no apparent reason (classic bear raids).

This brings me to a very important point. Your head can explode trying to track the moves of all these hedge fund gurus. David Benoit of the Wall Street Journal reports, The Hedge Funds Whose Stock Picks Are Actually Worth Following:

As investors pore over the quarterly disclosures of big name hedge funds Wednesday, it may be worth knowing which funds are actually the best stock pickers. That's the goal of Symmetric, a recently launched service that is tracking more than 1,000 hedge funds to find those that select the best individual investments compared to the broader market. Symmetric put out its latest ranking on Wednesday based on the disclosures from hedge funds of their fourth-quarter holdings, which were due at the SEC by Tuesday night. The list of the 20 best stock pickers is based on how well the hedge fund selected stocks that beat their sector benchmarks. Symmetric weighs how well the funds do over recent quarter, year and three years and looks to find consistency, for instance, penalizing funds that maybe have up and down periods. Based on the most recent filings and performance metrics, the best pickers include such big names as Starboard Value LP, Pershing Square Capital Management LP, Coatue Management LLC and Viking Global Investors LP. There are also a host of smaller names, including V3 Capital Management LP, which only discloses holding $320 million in assets, Makaira Partners LLC and Archon Partners LLC. Every quarter, investors who manage over $100 million are required to disclose their holdings. These filings, known as 13Fs, often generate buzz around which names are popular among the best money managers and which aren't. In Symmetric's rankings, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (NYSE:SPR) and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) provided big boosts to the funds that held them. Here are the Top 20 Symmetric stock pickers, ordered by how well they've done over the past three years on an annualized basis. (Click image; See the whole report here.)

I actually had a chance to talk to Sam Abbas at Symmetric and he's a very smart guy with an interesting background. He studied under the Nobel laureate Daniel Kahneman at Princeton and set up a prop trading firm with someone before moving on to set up Symmetric with someone else.

Sam explained to me that they delve deeply into over 4000 hedge funds and do rigorous performance attribution analysis to see how they perform relative to a market, sector and dollar neutral portfolio.

This is the type of analysis that I wish I had when I was investing in L/S Equity managers at the Caisse. It would have really helped me track which funds are adding real alpha as opposed to the ones who are becoming glorified asset gatherers.

I think all pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and family offices should contact Sam (SimnanAbbas@symmetric-info.com) and get informed on how they can use their analysis to make more informed decisions in their hedge fund portfolios or simply use the data to take outsized positions in stocks, avoiding paying 2 & 20 in fees altogether.

Having said this, I still think most pensions are better off heeding the wise advice of George Soros and getting the out of hedge funds altogether. Soros fired many of his outside managers for poor performance and so should you (he might want to contact Sam as well).

Also worth noting many top hedge funds are now moving out of the U.S. market and many are betting big on a Greek recovery which is risky but can pan out in a huge way. Just look at the recent price action on the National Bank of Greece (NBG) and Global X FTSE Greece 20 ETF (NYSEARCA:GREK).

In fact, NBG is exploding up on Friday as it looks increasingly like Greece and Germany will sign a deal, maybe as soon as tonight (click on image):

On that note, have fun peering into the portfolios of top funds below. I cover a lot of funds, not just hedge funds. By the way, that handsome and distinguished fella talking on his cell phone above is Andreas Halverson, founder of Viking Global, one of my favorite L/S Equity hedge funds and one of the best hedge funds in the world.

Top multi-strategy and event driven hedge funds

As the name implies, these hedge funds invest across a wide variety of hedge fund strategies like L/S Equity, L/S credit, global macro, convertible arbitrage, risk arbitrage, volatility arbitrage, merger arbitrage, distressed debt and statistical pair trading.

Unlike fund of hedge funds, the fees are lower because there is a single manager managing the portfolio, allocating across various alpha strategies as opportunities arise. Below are links to the holdings of some top multi-strategy hedge funds I track closely:

1) Citadel Advisors

2) Balyasny Asset Management

3) Farallon Capital Management

4) Peak6 Investments

5) Kingdon Capital Management

6) Millennium Management

7) Eton Park Capital Management

8) HBK Investments

9) Highbridge Capital Management

10) Pentwater Capital Management

11) Och-Ziff Capital Management

12) Pine River Capital Capital Management

13) Carlson Capital Management

14) Mount Kellett Capital Management

15) Whitebox Advisors

16) QVT Financial

17) Visium Asset Management

18) York Capital Management

Top Global Macro Hedge Funds and Family Offices

These hedge funds gained notoriety because of George Soros, arguably the best and most famous hedge fund manager. Global macros typically invest in bond and currency markets but the top macro funds are able to invest across all asset classes, including equities.

George Soros, Stanley Druckenmiller, Julian Robertson and now Steve Cohen have converted their hedge funds into family offices to manage their own money and basically only answer to themselves (that is my definition of true investment success).

1) Soros Fund Management

2) Duquesne Family Office (Stanley Druckenmiller)

3) Bridgewater Associates

4) Caxton Associates (Bruce Covner)

5) Tudor Investment Corporation

6) Tiger Management (Julian Robertson)

7) Moore Capital Management

8) Point72 Asset Management (Steve Cohen)

9) Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Trust (Michael Larson, the man behind Gates)

Top Market Neutral, Quant and CTA Hedge Funds

These funds use sophisticated mathematical algorithms to initiate their positions. They typically only hire PhDs in mathematics, physics and computer science to develop their algorithms. Market neutral funds will engage in pair trading to remove market beta.

1) Alyeska Investment Group

2) Renaissance Technologies

3) DE Shaw & Co.

4) Two Sigma Investments

5) Numeric Investors

6) Analytic Investors

7) Winton Capital Management

8) Graham Capital Management

9) SABA Capital Management

10) Quantitative Investment Management

11) Oxford Asset Management

Top Deep Value, Activist and Distressed Debt Funds

These are among the top long-only funds that everyone tracks. They include funds run by legendary investors like Warren Buffet, Seth Klarman, Ron Baron and Ken Fisher. Activist investors like to make investments in companies where management lacks the proper incentives to maximize shareholder value. They differ from traditional L/S hedge funds by having a more concentrated portfolio. Distressed debt funds typically invest in debt of a company but sometimes take equity positions.

1) Abrams Capital Management

2) Berkshire Hathaway

3) Baron Partners Fund (click here to view other Baron funds)

4) BHR Capital

5) Fisher Asset Management

6) Baupost Group

7) Fairfax Financial Holdings

8) Fairholme Capital

9) Trian Fund Management

10) Gotham Asset Management

11) Fir Tree Partners

12) Sasco Capital

13) Jana Partners

14) Icahn Associates

15) Schneider Capital Management

16) Highfields Capital Management

17) Eminence Capital

18) Pershing Square Capital Management

19) New Mountain Vantage Advisers

20) Atlantic Investment Management

21) Scout Capital Management

22) Third Point

23) Marcato Capital Management

24) Glenview Capital Management

25) Perry Corp

26) Apollo Management

27) Avenue Capital

28) Blue Harbor Group

29) Brigade Capital Management

30) Caspian Capital

31) Kerrisdale Advisers

32) Knighthead Capital Management

33) Relational Investors

34) Roystone Capital Management

35) Scopia Capital Management

36) ValueAct Capital

37) Vulcan Value Partners

38) Okumus Fund Management

Top Long/Short Hedge Funds

These hedge funds go long shares they think will rise in value and short those they think will fall. Along with global macro funds, they command the bulk of hedge fund assets. There are many L/S funds but here is a small sample of some well known funds.

1) Appaloosa Capital Management

2) Tiger Global Management

3) Greenlight Capital

4) Maverick Capital

5) Pointstate Capital Partners

6) Marathon Asset Management

7) JAT Capital Management

8) Coatue Management

9) Omega Advisors (Leon Cooperman)

10) Artis Capital Management

11) Fox Point Capital Management

12) Jabre Capital Partners

13) Lone Pine Capital

14) Paulson & Co.

15) Bronson Point Management

16) Hoplite Capital Management

17) LSV Asset Management

18) Hussman Strategic Advisors

19) Cantillon Capital Management

20) Brookside Capital Management

21) Blue Ridge Capital

22) Iridian Asset Management

23) Clough Capital Partners

24) GLG Partners LP

25) Cadence Capital Management

26) Karsh Capital Management

27) New Mountain Vantage

28) Andor Capital Management

29) Silver Point Capital

30) Steadfast Capital Management

31) Brookside Capital Management

32) PAR Capital Capital Management

33) Gilder, Gagnon, Howe & Co

34) Brahman Capital

35) Bridger Management

36) Kensico Capital Management

37) Kynikos Associates

38) Soroban Capital Partners

39) Passport Capital

40) Pennant Capital Management

41) Mason Capital Management

42) SAB Capital Management

43) Sirios Capital Management

44) Hayman Capital Management

45) Highside Capital Management

46) Tremblant Capital Group

47) Decade Capital Management

48) T. Boone Pickens BP Capital

49) Bloom Tree Partners

50) Matrix Capital Management

51) Senvest Partners

52) Melvin Capital Partners

53) York Capital Management

54) Valinor Management

55) Viking Global Investors

56) Zweig-Dimenna Associates

Top Sector and Specialized Funds

I like tracking activity funds that specialize in real estate, biotech, healthcare, retail and other sectors like mid, small and micro caps. Here are some funds worth tracking closely.

1) Baker Brothers Advisors

2) SIO Capital Management

3) Broadfin Capital

4) Healthcor Management

5) Orbimed Advisors

6) Deerfield Management

7) Sarissa Capital Management

8) Sectoral Asset Management

9) Oracle Investment Management

10) Perceptive Advisors

11) Consonance Capital Management

12) Camber Capital Management

13) Redmile Group

14) Bridger Capital Management

15) Southeastern Asset Management

16) Bridgeway Capital Management

17) Cohen & Steers

18) Cardinal Capital Management

19) Munder Capital Management

20) Diamondhill Capital Management

21) Tiger Consumer Management

22) Geneva Capital Management

23) Criterion Capital Management

24) Highland Capital Management

25) Tang Capital Management

Mutual Funds and Asset Managers

Mutual funds and large asset managers are not hedge funds but their sheer size makes them important players. Some asset managers have excellent track records. Below, are a few funds investors track closely.

1) Fidelity

2) Blackrock Fund Advisors

3) Wellington Management

4) AQR Capital Management

5) Sands Capital Management

6) Brookfield Asset Management

7) Dodge & Cox

8) Eaton Vance Management

9) Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo & Co.

10) Geode Capital Management

11) Goldman Sachs Group

12) JP Morgan Chase & Co.

13) Morgan Stanley

14) Manulife Asset Management

15) RCM Capital Management

16) UBS Asset Management

17) Barclays Global Investor

18) Epoch Investment Partners

19) Thornburg Investment Management

20) Legg Mason Capital Management

21) Kornitzer Capital Management

22) Batterymarch Financial Management

23) Tocqueville Asset Management

24) Neuberger Berman

25) Winslow Capital Management

26) Herndon Capital Management

27) Artisan Partners

28) Great West Life Insurance Management

29) Lazard Asset Management

30) Janus Capital Management

31) Franklin Resources

32) Capital Research Global Investors

33) T. Rowe Price

34) First Eagle Investment Management

35) Frontier Capital Management

Canadian Asset Managers

Here are a few Canadian funds I track closely:

1) Letko, Brosseau and Associates

2) Fiera Capital Corporation

3) West Face Capital

4) Hexavest

Pension Funds, Endowment Funds, and Sovereign Wealth Funds

Last but not least, I track activity of some pension funds, endowment funds and sovereign wealth funds. I like to focus on funds that invest in top hedge funds and have internal alpha managers. Below, a sample of pension and endowment funds I track closely:

1) Alberta Investment Management Corporation (AIMco)

2) Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

3) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board

4) Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec

5) OMERS Administration Corp.

6) British Columbia Investment Management Corporation (bcIMC)

7) Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSP Investments)

8) PGGM Investments

9) APG All Pensions Group

10) California Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS)

11) California State Teachers Retirement System (CalSTRS)

12) New York State Common Fund

13) New York State Teachers Retirement System

14) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System

15) State of Wisconsin Investment Board

16) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund

17) Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio

18) STRS Ohio

19) Teacher Retirement System of Texas

20) Virginia Retirement Systems

21) TIAA CREF investment Management

22) Harvard Management Co.

23) Norges Bank

24) Nordea Investment Management

25) Korea Investment Corp.

26) Singapore Temasek Holdings

27) Yale Endowment Fund

Below, CNBC's Kate Kelly outlines some of the most profitable bets made by Wall Street's whales in the fourth quarter. Kelly also discusses the best performing hedge funds in the fourth quarter.

Also, institutional investor Michael Peltz shares the list of the top performing hedge funds of 2014, with CNBC's Kate Kelly. Don't forget to read my comment on the best and worst hedge funds of 2014 which covers a broad gamut of strategies.

Lastly, much has been made about Wal Mart increasing wages of it over one million employees. Jan Kniffen, CEO, J. Rogers Kniffen Worldwide Enterprises, and Tsedeye Gebreselassie, National Employment Law Project, discuss whether Wal-mart's move to increase wages is really enough, particularly in light of the rise in cost of living and how much money the company make.

So, a special message to all you grossly overpaid hedge fund gurus. I read an article on how the king of real estate, Blackstone's Jonathan Gray is helping build charter schools in Harlem. You should follow his and Blackstone co-founder's lead and invest more of your precious time in philanthropy and less time trying to make Forbe's or Bloomberg's silly list of the richest hedge fund titans.

Take it from a guy who has battled multiple sclerosis for close to 20 years, there is a lot more to life than fame and extraordinary wealth. Health and your loved ones are everything and if you're successful, you should thank God and give back to those less fortunate.

On that note, please remember to support my efforts by subscribing or donating via PayPal at the top right-hand side of my blog. I love writing these comments but please support my tireless work via a financial contribution. It is always greatly appreciated.

Disclosure: The author is long ARWR, BCRX, IDRA, PGNX, XNPT.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it. The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. This Fitness Tracker Monitors Your Sexual Performance, Presumably Ruining It ... You re in the throes of passion, looking that special someone in the eyes, and just as you lean in for a kiss, she reaches for   her fitness tracker.

That s basically the scenario that Spanish smartphone maker Geeksphone is envisioning with its new sex-tracking Geeksme device. It s a regular fitness tracker, measuring your steps, and calories, and the like. It just also happens to measure your bedroom performance, too.

Geeksphone s director of innovation for the GeeksMe project,  ngel S nchez D az told TechCrunch that sexual performance feature will  help users to have a healthier lifestyle, monitoring different values and statistics while practicing sex. 

What kind of values and statistics, pray tell? D az told TechCrunch that the tracker will be able to measure the frequency of your encounters, how long they last, and how many calories you burn in the process.

Here s the thing, though. The  performance  mode has to be manually activated, so you ll have to take a break from the action to cycle through the tracker s use modes and enable it. That shouldn t be too awkward now, should it?

The Geeksme tracker isn t just about measuring your bedroom performance, though. Like any good fitness tracker, it also measures your actual, non-sexual workouts, too. It can also receive notifications from your smartphone and monitor your sleep.

Let s be realistic, the real reason you d choose this thing over any other fitness tracker is because of its ability to monitor your extracurricular activities. And as long as your partner doesn t think that s super weird, who are we to judge?

The Geeksme fitness tracker isn t quite ready for the bedroom yet: The drawing above is the only image we ve got.

We ll let you know when it s available. We will not be reviewing this device.



via: TechCrunch



Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+ here.

 
2015-10-21
A Fundamental Analysis on Yahoo! and Its Peers Yahoo 3Q15 Insight: High Revenue, Narrowed Bottom Line PART 3 OF 4

A Fundamental Analysis on Yahoo! and Its Peers

Yahoo and Google s tie-up

In this article, we ll draw a fundamental analysis on Yahoo s close competitors. Yahoo s major sources of earnings are from its search engine and advertisement. Yahoo is facing close competition from its peer Google as both companies are attempting to drive end-users to their respective web portals, in turn raising the number of their active users. Yahoo reported in its 3Q15 earnings about the partnership with Google that allows Yahoo to choose among suppliers of search results and ads. Our analysis here includes Facebook, whose major source of revenue comes from advertisement as well.

Interested in SKYY? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on SKYY Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Fundamental analysis

The above chart represents the key ratios that indicate the financial health of a firm and its performance compared to peers. The PE (or price-to-earnings) ratio indicates what price the investors need to pay for every dollar earned. The lower the ratio the better it is. Yahoo shows the lowest PE of ~34.0 compared to Facebook and Google at ~99.0 and ~77.3, respectively. A high PE ratio indicates that the company is expected to grow at a higher rate in the future than the company with a lower PE ratio.

Enterprise value (shortened as EV) is a strong indicator for a company s valuations. EV is considered accurate because it does not take into considering the debt part that needs to pay back in the future. The lower the EV/Sales (or enterprise-value-to-sales), the more attractive or undervalued the company is believed to be. Google shows the lowest EV/Sales of 6.04, followed by Yahoo and Facebook at 6.45 and 15.10, respectively.

EBITDAEBITDA is the measure of cash flows from operations, and doesn t take into account the capital structure followed by the company. It simply gives the company s profitability from its core operations. A lower ratio here indicates that investors are paying less for the more profitable company. Yahoo shows the lowest ratio of 20.44, followed by Facebook and Google at 41.49 and 73.44, respectively.

The price-to-book ratio indicates how the investors are interpreting the company. A higher ratio indicates that investors have high expectations for the company s growth. Facebook shows the highest price-to-book ratio of 6.91, compared to Yahoo and Google at 4.16 and 1.10, respectively.

The First Trust ISE Cloud Computing Index Fund (SKYY) is a portfolio of 36 stocks, where Amazon (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX), Facebook (FB), and Google (GOOG) constitute 4.98%, 4.54%, 4.54, and 4.52%, respectively, of total holdings. Yahoo! Insight: Operating Income Negative Due to Non-Core Expenses Yahoo 3Q15 Insight: High Revenue, Narrowed Bottom Line PART 2 OF 4

Yahoo! Insight: Operating Income Negative Due to Non-Core Expenses

The company s operations

After the earnings announcement on October 20, 2015, Yahoo s stock price fell by 1.31% in after-hours trading. Yahoo s expenses from operations remained low in 3Q15 compared to the previous year. This is true in both absolute as well as a relative basis. However, non-core expenses remained high.

Interested in SKYY? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on SKYY Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Further analysis

Non-core expenses turn generated a negative operating income of $86.3 million compared to $42.1 million in the same quarter last year on a GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) basis. However, income from operations on a non-GAAP basis was $91.8 million compared to $156.4 million in the previous year. The majority of the non-core expenses incurred from asset impairment charges of $41.7 million and restructuring charges of $26 million compared to $8 million as stood in the previous year.

Thin bottom line compared to last year

The company s report last year showed an income of $10.3 billion under the other incomes category, and $4.0 billion under earnings in equity interest. These two inflows from the previous year have comparatively narrowed the company s bottom line to $78.1 million in 3Q15, compared to $6.7 billion in the same quarter the previous year. Yahoo generated diluted earnings per share (or EPS) of $0.08 compared to $6.7 in the previous year on a GAAP basis, whereas non-GAAP EPS remains at $0.15 in 3Q15, compared to 0.52 in the previous year.

The company s cash and cash equivalents stood at $1.3 billion, compared to $2.7 billion in the previous year. Cash flow from investing activities remained high this quarter with the purchase of marketable security of ~$1.2 billion, followed by the acquisition of property and equipment of $160 million. Cash flow from operating activities stood at $137 million compared to $289 million in the same quarter the previous year. This fall was due to high expenses incurred from non-core activities.

The First Trust ISE Cloud Computing Index Fund (SKYY) is a portfolio of 36 stocks, where the top four stocks Amazon (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX), Facebook (FB), and Google (GOOG) constitute 4.98%, 4.54%, 4.54, and 4.52%, respectively, of the fund. How Yahoo! lost $42 million by streaming Community and other TV shows When Community was rescued from cancellation this year by Yahoo! Screen, the web giant s fledgling online streaming service, the series  fans weren t the only ones blinded by elation.

But now that the numbers are in, and it looks as though original television content isn t so profitable at Yahoo. The company s CFO Ken Goldman told reporters that their video division specifically took a huge   ahem, $42 million   hit thanks to such under-performing series as Community, Sin City Saints, and Other Space, reports Variety.

This doesn t bode well for fans of the sitcom that was originally cancelled by NBC. Combined with star Joel McHale recently saying a second season at its new home is unlikely because of the cast s rising star power, the show s grave may already have been dug   for the second time.

Yahoo had nobly, though perhaps foolishly, hoped to compete with heavyweight streamers like Netflix, Amazon and Hulu.

 As we move into 2016, we will work to narrow our strategy, focusing on fewer products with higher quality to achieve improved growth and profitability,  CEO Marissa Mayer said Tuesday.

But don t lose all hope just yet, Greendalians, because Goldman did add that the company s  not saying we re not going to do these at all in the future. But what we are saying is, in three cases at least, it didn t work the way we had hoped it to work, and we ve decided to move on. 

Let s remember, the plan was #sixseasonsandamovie. Apparently, insiders are spreading the rumour that there s still hope for a big screen revival, Yahoo or no Yahoo. If anyone knows how to keep hope alive, it s Community fans. Hang in there, kids. 4 Ways To Profit From The Spin-Off Advantage More and more companies seem to be recognizing the benefits of spinning-off assets or stand-alone business segments these days. In 2014, there were 60 completed U.S. spin-offs, third most of all time behind only 1999 and 2000. Spin-Off Advisors is predicting another 51 completed spin-offs by the end of 2015 as well.

Why spin-off?

Spin-offs are typically viewed as positive for the parent company. The move is often made in an attempt to unlock some type of value in the parent company's core business. For example, a company with a large, well-established, high margin, highly profitable business may also have a smaller segment that requires large debt load and/or operates on extremely low margins, but is a very high growth business. These two types of businesses typically appeal to different investors, and running both of them under the same corporate roof could mean that both the full fundamental value of the core business and the full growth value of the smaller business are not fully realized in the combined company's share price.

By spinning-off the smaller company, the parent company immediately removes debt from its balance sheet, improves its overall margins and appeals more to value investors. The stand-alone growth business is free to shine on its own for growth investors as well.

Boosting margins, stimulating growth, adjusting debt, improving borrowing prospects and increasing market valuation are all common reasons why companies choose to spin-off businesses.

Hitting the ground running

While spin-offs can certainly benefit the parent company in a wide range of ways, recent research by Cantor Fitzgerald has shown that it's the newly formed company that tends to steal the show in the market. All the public spin-offs completed between 2009 and 2013 combined to outperform the S&P 500 in their first full year of trading by an average of more than 17 percent!

And the Cantor Fitzgerald data is no fluke. There have been several other studies over the past few decades that have confirmed that spin-offs outperform the broad market in their first year.

Choices

Investors who would like to see this spin-off trend boosting their portfolio performance won't have to wait for long. There are several different types of spin-offs that are set to take place before the end of the year. Here are four unique spin-off investment opportunities.

Separating high-growth business from high-income business

In what appears to be a fairly standard spin-off, Hewlett-Packard (NYSE: HPQ) is expected to finally spin-off its enterprise operations, including its faster-growing corporate hardware and services segments, from its legacy personal systems and printing business on or around November 1. The newly formed Hewlett Packard Enterprises is not initially expected to generate as much profit as its parent company, despite the fact that the enterprise business will have roughly twice the assets that will remain in the parent company. However, with an uncertain future in the printing and PC business, the enterprise business certainly seems like a safer long-term bet.

Unlocking equity value

One of the more intriguing upcoming spin-offs is the highly anticipated spin-off of Yahoo! Inc.'s (NASDAQ: YHOO) Yahoo Small Business segment. If you don't know anything about Yahoo Small Business, don't worry: it's likely that YHOO shareholders don't either. And they don't care.

What they do care about is the 384 million shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) that will be accompanying Yahoo Small Business during the spin-off, hopefully tax-free. Unfortunately, the IRS recently created quite a corporate cliffhanger by failing to rule on YHOO's Private Letter Ruling Request, meaning that the company still does not know whether the terms of its proposed spin-off will satisfy the requirements for a tax-free exemption.

If YHOO is allowed to proceed with the spin-off tax-free, there is clearly some value to be had for investors. Even though BABA's share price has declined by 29 percent so far this year, YHOO's stake is still worth about $27 billion. At YHOO's current share price, that value makes up 87.9 percent of the stock's entire market cap.

Opco/propco deal

Finally, another type of spin-off that has gained popularity in recent years is the opco/propco spin-off, which is what Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE: DRI) has planned in Q4. Here's DRI's plan: the company is going to create a new REIT and transfer ownership of 430 of its properties (along with about $1 billion in debt) to the REIT prior to spinning it off. The REIT will then lease the properties back to the parent company. DRI is hoping that the end result will be a reduction of its debt load by nearly two-thirds, a more favorable tax structure for both entities and the unlocking of the full value of DRI's property assets.

Diversified alternative

If none of the deals above appeal to you, or if you prefer a more diversified way to play the spin-off trend, the Guggenheim Spin-Off ETF (NYSE: CSD) is an option. The fund invests at least 90% of its assets in companies that are between 6 and 30 months removed from being spun out. The fund misses out on the first six months following the spin-out, and it holds the stocks until 1.5 years after Cantor Fitzgerald's one-year cutoff mark. Although it hasn't demonstrated the 17 percent annual outperformance that Cantor Fitzgerald found, the fund has still outperformed the S&P 500 by nearly 20 percent over the past five years.

Takeaway

It's up to each reader to choose his or her preferred way to invest in spin-offs. However, the numbers show that spin-offs have consistently proven to be a source of alpha for opportunistic investors, and that's what this site is all about!

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. The Government's New 'Monsters Inc- Style' -Pensions Mascot Has Not Gone Down ... It seems the British public is not impressed with  Workie  - the furry purple monster star of the new UK Government pensions advert.

The Department of Work and Pensions have claimed the oversized furball, the brainchild of Pensions Minister Baroness Ros Altman, is the  striking physical embodiment of the workplace pension .

 Workie  is the spearhead of a new multi million-pound campaign to raise awareness of workplace pensions to employees and businesses to help automatically enroll all workers over the age of 22 earning over  10,000 onto a pension.

Pensions lawyer and critic Jennie Kreser told MailOnline:  That whole 'workie  thing is insulting and infantile. There I ve said it 



'We are not children to be patronised by this ridiculous idea. Do better. Use plain English not gimmicks.

'Shouldn t Ros have bigger things to concentrate on than designing this abomination? 

View photos

Workie going for a cheeky stroll (Picture: Department of Work and Pensions)

Labour s Shadow Minister for Pensions, Nick Thomas-Symonds said of  Workie :  To be honest I m not at all sure that their new furry member of the team will help them turn things around.

'Getting workplace pensions right is an important issue, but even with the glossy new - slightly surreal - adverts I m not sure this Government is up to the job.'

Responses on Twitter included:  What the hell is that?!  and  what a f****** shambles .

Another user Tweeted:  #workie how childish!! 

One user verbalised what many were thinking describing it simply as a  mortality furbie 

So what are your thoughts? 
2015-04-09
Twitter Inc (TWTR) Takeover Banter Is Here To Stay Talk about Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) being an acquisition target is not something new to the Street as the stock has been an underperformer begging the need for creative ways of unlocking value and stimulating growth. It is not the first time that talks of Twitter takeover has been floating around; seen by the number of times the executives have come out ranting that the company is better off as an independent entity.

A hostile takeover from either Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) or Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) would not be as easy as many people would think, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) having failed on the same on its attempt to acquire Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) in the past. The two tech giants have in the past admitted to having looked at Twitter as an acquisition target but vehemently oppose suggestions that there are discussions taking place in the background.

Twitter stock runs upward

Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) s stock price impressive run in the recent weeks has allowed its market cap to creep to highs of $33 billion which may be enough to fend off interest from peers in technology space. Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s largest deal to date is the $12 billion acquisition of Motorola while Facebook spent $19 billion on WhatsApp last year.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) takeover rumors come barely months after the company s board members came out affirming their vote of confidence on embattled CEO, Dick Costolo. The CEO has been under immense scrutiny in the wake of the social giant failing to achieve substantial growth compared to its peers in the space.

A lack of a dual-class stock structure has made Twitter to be an exciting and easy takeover target for outside investors thus the wave of speculation in the recent past. The fact that it operates with a single class shares makes it highly reactive to investors on the plus side.

Twitter stagnation drives rumors

A slumping stock price has also aroused further concerns from the investor s community, who feel the company needs a restart having stagnated ongoing public. The ongoing uncertainty and rumors will most likely attract the attention of activist investors who are known to be waiting anxiously for an opportunity to pounce on a bounce.

It is the Street s thinking that Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) remains vulnerable, more than ever, despite putting an impressive show in Q1. User growth has always been an issue having added four million users last quarter compared to Instagram, which has already surpassed it on active monthly users.

It is becoming frustrating for investors to watch growth stagnate, echoed as one of the reasons why the board should consider a possible sale. It is also becoming evident that Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) needs the help from a bigger consumer company to be able to trigger its own growth. 
2015-03-19
Yahoo Stock (YHOO) Consolidating At Key Support Level Yahoo Stock (YHOO) Consolidating At Key Support Level

For the better part of 2015, Yahoo, Inc (YHOO) shares have based just above the 200 day moving average (MA) between 42 and 45. Now Yahoo stock is challenging the top of it s base. So it s a good time to dig into some charts and highlight some key support and resistance levels for Yahoo stock.

Yahoo (YHOO) Daily Stock Chart   2015 Consolidation?

On the most recent low, momentum started to diverge as price touched the 200 day MA support.

That said, note the falling 50 day MA and upper bollinger band confluence around 46. This resistance area may put a lid on shares for a while as they finish basing out.

Looking to a chart dating back to the tech bubble (below), we can see how important the low 40 s area has been over time. It also appears that Yahoo stock simply backtesting the base breakout from 2014.

Sign up for our FREE newsletter and receive our best trading ideas and research

Yahoo Long-Term Stock Chart   Low 40 s Important!

The strength of the Internet Portfolio ETF (PNQI) may provide a tailwind for the sector (and potentially YHOO). PNQI has broken a 1 year wedge to the upside. A break over the recent highs could prove to be a very positive sign for the top holdings in the space like Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN) and eBAY (EBAY).

All of this suggests it s probably a good time to put Yahoo on your radar. The setup: Investors could consider a long position in Yahoo stock versus the recent lows (41.97   where stops would be placed). Even if it doesn t work out, we have a pretty clear point of knowing where we are wrong.

Thanks for reading!

Follow Aaron on Twitter: @ATMcharts

No positions in any mentioned securities at the time of publication. Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author, and do not in any way represent the views or opinions of any other person or entity. How Will News Be Consumed on Apple Watch? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

30:45 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) More Alibaba Shares on the Market as Lock-Up Period Ends Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-10-14
Cloud Computing Reachs $100 Billion, but Who Makes Money? The cloud computing market has become so large that it will produce over $100 billion in sales this year. The business is cutthroat enough that many competitors may not make money. As the fight for market share continues, margins will come under more and more relentless pressure.

Global Industry Analytics forecasts the size of the entire market worldwide at $127 billion in 2017. The reasons for that size are primarily the cost savings that companies realize by cutting expenses for running in-house IT operations. The investments for a standalone company to start and maintain IT infrastructure are low due to the cloud, because the costs are carried by companies that maintain and market cloud services. And the burden of future improvement to enterprise IT operations also gets pushed to cloud providers.

The most pressing issue facing cloud providers is that so many very large companies have entered and are trying to dominate the market. Global Industry Analytics reports the competition includes most large tech companies and several medium-sized ones:

Key players in this marketplace include Akamai Technologies Inc., Amazon Web Services LLC, CA Technologies, Dell Inc., ENKI, Flexiant Ltd., Google Inc., Hewlett-Packard Development Company L.P., IBM Corporation, Joyent Inc., KloudData Inc., Layered Technologies Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Netsuite Inc., Novell Inc., OpSource Inc., Oracle Corporation, Rackspace Hosting Inc., Red Hat Inc., Salesforce.com Inc., Skytap Inc., Terremark Worldwide Inc., Yahoo! Inc., among others.

ALSO READ: 4 Cheap Chip Stocks to Buy Now Before Q3 Earnings

Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) is acknowledged to be the industry leader. Its Amazon Web Services (AWS) should produce $10 billion in revenue this year, which would give it about 10% of the global market. AWS should post $1.5 billion in operating income. Unfortunately, Amazon does not report how much of its corporate costs would apply to AWS if it were a standalone business. This is true of most of its competitors. However, Rackspace Hosting Inc. (NYSE: RAX) produces most of its revenue from cloud computing. Its revenue in the most recent quarter was $164 million, up 13% from the same period a year earlier, which is hardly impressive growth. Its net income for the quarter was $29 million. That puts its margin at 17%, which is modest for a software-based company. Rackspace s market performance has been pitiful. Over the past two years, its share price has dropped 45%, against an S&P 500 gain of 18%. Maybe part of the drop is because Rackspace is too small to matter. Or alternatively, the market does not believe in the cloud computing market.

With at least eight of the world s largest tech companies fighting to have the largest part of the cloud computing model, prices will be critical to growth. New features may gain some customers, but International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM), Amazon and Salesforce.com Inc. (NYSE: CRM) have too much tech fire power to allow competition to keep a lead in major features of long.

As the industry shakes out, part of the shaking model will be advantages based on price.

ALSO READ: Top Merrill Lynch US Cybersecurity Stock Picks for Secular Thematic Gains 
2015-02-10
Win a 'Suicide Squad' Starter Kit, Starring Harley Quinn Are you psyched for The Suicide Squad? Cameras start rolling this spring on the Warner Bros. movie version of DC Comics  unlikely band of supervillains pressed into service for missions no sane superhero would undertake.

The film stars Will Smith as master marksman Deadshot, Jared Leto as the Joker, and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, the wackadoodle linchpin of the team.

While the plot remains under wraps, director David Ayers (Fury) has hinted in tweets that he s going to use DC s  New 52  version as source material and incorporate elements of the comic book s deep history.

Much of the early attention (and fan art) has rightly focused on Robbie s Harley Quinn. A breakout character in Batman cartoons and comics, Quinn is an Arkham Asylum psychiatrist who literally goes cuckoo for the Joker.

Now, to get one lucky Skwader prepared for the movie (due out Aug. 5, 2015) and to mark February s designation as Harley Quinn Month (she s an incurable romantic, right, Mr. J?), Yahoo Movies has teamed with DC Entertainment to create an epic Suicide Squad primer pack:

Read More

Here s how to enter the giveaway:



Step 1: Follow @YahooMovies on Twitter

Step 2: Tweet this message:

I heart Harley Quinn and @YahooMovies: yhoo.it/1CcFFKc #SuicideSquad #skwad #YGiveaway @DCComics

Note: One entry per person/email address/Twitter handle.

Step 3: The giveaway ends 11:59 p.m. PT on February 13, 2015. Winners will be notified on Twitter and will receive a Direct Message with further information. Keep in mind, this giveaway is open to U.S. residents only.

     -

Official Rules: Yahoo! Movies Giveaway: Suicide Squad/Harley Quinn

THE FOLLOWING PROMOTION (THE  PROMOTION ) IS INTENDED FOR PLAY IN THE FIFTY UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ONLY (COLLECTIVELY, THE  ELIGIBILITY AREA ) AND SHALL ONLY BE CONSTRUED AND EVALUATED ACCORDING TO UNITED STATES LAW. DO NOT ENTER THIS PROMOTION IF YOU ARE NOT LOCATED IN, AND A LEGAL RESIDENT OF, THE ELIGIBILITY AREA. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING. ENTRY IN THIS PROMOTION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES.

1. Eligibility: You must be a legal resident of the Eligibility Area and 13 years or older at the time of entry. Void in overseas U.S. territories, possessions, commonwealths and military installations, and where prohibited by law. Employees and agents of Yahoo!, ( Sponsor ), Twitter, Inc. ( Twitter ), their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotional agencies, any other prize sponsor, and any entity involved in the development, production, implementation, administration or fulfillment of the Promotion (all of the foregoing, together with Yahoo!, collectively referred to as  Promotion Entities ), and the immediate family members and persons living in the same household as such individuals, whether related or not, are not eligible to participate or win. Twitter is not a sponsor of, or is in any way affiliated with, this Promotion.

2. How To Enter: a. Registration: The  Promotion Period  is defined as the period specified in the Yahoo! Movies blog for each promotion. If you are not an existing Twitter account holder, visit twitter.com and follow the instructions to register for a free Twitter account. Once logged into Twitter, set your Twitter account to  follow  the Twitter handle associated with the Promotion, @YahooMovies (the  Promotion Twitter Address ). You MUST  follow  the Promotion Twitter Address during the entire Promotion Period to be eligible to win. b. Entry: Once you have registered for the Promotion, complete your entry in the Promotion by either i. Mail Entry: Send a printed copy of this web page along with your name and contact information to: Yahoo! Movies Promotion Entry, Yahoo! Inc., 2400 Broadway, First Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404. Include the name of the Promotion you are entering with your entry. Entries post marked after the close of the Promotion Period will not be honored. ii. Twitter Entry: Send a Twitter update (a  Tweet ), using the Twitter account you set up in Rule 2a above, to @yahoomovies with the words  I heart Harley Quinn and @YahooMovies: yhoo.it/1CcFFKc #SuicideSquad #skwad #YGiveaway @DCComics  iii. You will receive ONE entry in the Promotion (an  Entry ), when you submit a Tweet to @yahoomovies during the Promotion Period, in accordance with the method described above. For purposes of these Official Rules,  receipt  of an Entry occurs when Yahoo! receives your registration and entry information as properly submitted by you in accordance with the instructions above. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of the holder of a Twitter account or handle, the dispute will be resolved in favor of the individual who is the  authorized email account holder  of the  alternate email address  provided when the Twitter account was created.  Authorized email account holder  is defined as the natural person assigned an email address by an internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (i.e., business, educational institution) responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address. If Yahoo! is unable to verify the authorized account holder of a potentially winning Twitter account, that account will be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. A potential prize winner may be required to provide Promotion Entities with proof that he/she is the authorized account holder as described above. LIMIT ONE ENTRY PER PERSON, PER EMAIL ADDRESS AND/OR PER TWITTER ID. Although subsequent attempts to enter may be received, only the first entry received from a particular individual will count; subsequent attempts to enter will be disqualified. The submission of an entry is solely the responsibility of the entrant. Entries may only be made according to the method described above. Proof of sending (such as an automated computer receipt,  thanks for entering  message, or post office receipt) does not constitute proof of actual receipt by Yahoo! of an entry for purposes of these Official Rules. Automated entries (including but not limited to entries submitted using any bot, script, macro, or sweepstakes service), copies, third party entries, facsimiles and/or mechanical reproductions are not permitted and will be disqualified. Only eligible entries actually received by Yahoo! before the end of the specified entry period will be included in the prize drawing. Unintelligible, incomplete, or garbled entries will be disqualified. All entries become the property of Yahoo!, and none will be acknowledged or returned.

3. Conduct: By entering the Promotion, entrants agree to comply with and be bound by these Official Rules. The Official Rules will be posted at yahoo.com/movies/tagged/giveaways throughout the Promotion. Failure to comply with these Official Rules may result in disqualification from the Promotion. Entrants further agree to comply with and be bound by the decisions of the judges, which will be final and binding in all respects. Yahoo! reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be: (a) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or any Yahoo! or Promotion-related website; (b) violating the Official Rules; (c) violating the terms of service, conditions of use and/or general rules or guidelines of any Yahoo! or Promotion related property or service; or (d) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE PROMOTION MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, YAHOO! RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

4. Prizes: Grand Prize: (1) grand prize winner will receive one (1) prize pack that includes (a) Harley Quinn/Joker Kiss statue (retail price $250); (b) Harley Quinn Vol. 1: Hot in the City hardcover book (retail price $24.99); (c) Suicide Squad Vol. 1: Kicked in the Teeth softcover book (retail price $14.99); (d) Harley Quinn Valentine s Day Special No. 1 comic book (retail price $4.99); (e) Harley Quinn No. 15 comic book (retail price at $2.99). Limit one prize per winner. Prizes cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion or offer. Prizes may not be transferred or assigned except by Sponsor. Only listed prizes will be awarded and no substitutions, cash equivalents or redemptions will be made, except that Sponsor reserves the right to substitute any prize package with another prize of equal or greater value in the event that an advertised prize (or any component thereof) is not available. Expenses not specifically stated above, together with the reporting and payment of all applicable taxes, fees, and/or surcharges, if any, arising out of, or resulting from, acceptance or use of a prize, are the sole responsibility of the winner of that prize. Yahoo! expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for injury or loss to any person or property relating to the delivery and/or subsequent use of the prizes awarded. Yahoo! makes no representations or warranties concerning the appearance, safety, or performance of any prize awarded. Restrictions, conditions, and limitations apply. Promotion Entities will not replace any lost or stolen prize items.

5. Winner Selection and Notification: Potential winners will be selected in a random drawing to be held within three (3) days following the close of the Promotion Period for each Promotion from among all eligible entries received. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. All prize drawings will be conducted by a representative of the Sponsor, whose decisions are final. Potential winners will be notified within seven days after drawing date. Prize notifications will be delivered by a Twitter update from Yahoo!. Return of any prize/prize notification as undeliverable, or inability of Promotion Entities to contact a potential winner within 48 hours following attempted notification may result in disqualification and selection of an alternate winner by random drawing. Any difference between actual value of a prize and the approximated value of a prize as stated in these Official Rules will not be awarded.

6. General Conditions: This Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. By entering, participants: (a) release and hold harmless Promotion Entities, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to persons, including death, or property damage resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, misuse or use of any prize, participation in this promotion, or while traveling to, preparing for, or participating in any prize-related activity, and (b) grant to Yahoo! the right to use and publish their proper name and state online and in print, or any other media, in connection with the Promotion. Except where prohibited by law, a winner s acceptance of a prize constitutes permission for Promotion Entities to use such winner s name, address (city and state only), statements, photograph, voice and/or likeness for any advertising and promotional purposes relating to the Promotion without further compensation, consideration, review or consent.

7. Limitations of Liability: Promotion Entities assume no responsibility for lost, late, misdirected, garbled or unintelligible entries or Tweets, or for theft, destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries. Promotion Entities are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users, any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotion, or any technical or human error which may occur in the processing of submissions in the Promotion. Promotion Entities assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, failures or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, providers, computer equipment, software, email, players or browsers, whether on account of technical problems, traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website, or on account of any combination of the foregoing. Promotion Entities are not responsible for any injury or damage to participants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Promotion. If, for any reason, the Promotion is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of Promotion Entities which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, Yahoo! reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion and select winners from among all eligible entries received prior to the cancellation.

8. Privacy: By entering the Promotion, you agree to Yahoo! s use of your personal information as described in Yahoo! s Privacy Policy, located at

http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/promotions/details.html.

9. Winners List: The names of the prize winners may be obtained for 90 days following the close of each Promotion Period by sending a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Yahoo! Movies Promotion, Winners List Requests, Yahoo! Inc., 2400 Broadway, 1st Floor, Santa Monica, CA, 90404.Please include the name of the Promotion for which you are requesting the winners  list.

10. Sponsor: Yahoo! Inc., 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Twitter, Inc. is not a sponsor of this Sweepstakes. Careful, Your Samsung TV Might Be Eavesdropping on You Samsung Electronics Co. said its televisions can transmit user data to third-parties, becoming the latest technology company to face a backlash for how data is collected from users.

The world s biggest maker of TVs said its Web-connected sets can collect private conversations when users activate its voice-recognition function. Consumers can turn the function on or off at any time, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in an e-mailed statement.

The data collection practices on Samsung s TVs are contained in the user agreements, the so-called click-to-agree screen found during the setup of most modern technology. Google Inc., LinkedIn Corp. and Yahoo Inc. have been sued by customers over how they collect data while Apple Inc. last year updated privacy policies to reassure users that their data is safe.

 If you re watching TV, TV should not be watching you back,  Julia Horwitz, a consumer protection counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center, told Bloomberg Television.  Consumers, like the company, don t know what will happen after the data is collected. 

Samsung shares fell as much as 1.1 percent to 1.38 million won in Seoul. They were down 0.4 percent as of 11:26 a.m.

When a user gives a voice command to a Web-connected TV, the data is sent to a server to search for the requested content, Samsung said. In a supplemental TV note posted on its website, the company said it might still collect information to evaluate the performance of the feature.

Samsung released a challenger to Google s Android software for big-screen TVs last month as the South Korean company tries to capitalize on the burgeoning interest in smart-home technology. All of its smart TVs this year will use its Tizen operating system as the company pushes to have more of its appliances connected to the Web. MacBook Air Falls 1000 Feet From an Airplane, Still Works Call it the MacBook Airborne. (Photo: av80r/imgur)

You ve probably grimaced at the thought of accidentally knocking your expensive laptop off a coffee table or desk. But imagine the fear you d feel in the pit of your stomach if it were to take a 1,000-foot tumble out the hatch of an airplane.

This is what one pilot claims happened to his poor MacBook Air.

First spotted by 9to5Mac, Redditor av80r uploaded several photos that show surprisingly little serious damage to his device, save for a shattered trackpad, a couple of bent corners, and a broken cooling fan.

According to av80r s post on Reddit, the canopy on a small plane he was flying popped open during a trip over South Africa. Out flew a Thule bag that contained his computer and a few pieces of ID. (We ve reached out to av80r and will let you know if we hear back.)



(Photo: av80r/imgur)

A farm worker happened upon the mysterious bag and found the ID, which helped him track down the pilot s Facebook profile and return his laptop. (Faith in humanity restored!)



The grateful pilot wrote that he was  thoroughly impressed  by the upstanding man s effort to return the bag and Mac to him, and he gave a nice reward to say thanks. Perhaps even more impressive, though, is the condition of his laptop after plunging from such a height.

Angela Dalton shows off the iPhone she accidentally dropped out of an airplane over Dothan, Ala., which landed in the front yard of Eric Hall, at left. (Photo: AP)

In 2013, an Alabama woman lost her grip on her iPhone while trying to snap a picture out the window of a three-seat airplane. Though it fell an estimated 1,400 feet, it also survived the long plunge, and it was also returned to its owner in working condition. The woman has given credit to the sturdy build of the iPhone and the SYSTM phone case.



No word on whether Apple, SYSTM, or Thule, makers of the rugged bag carrying the South African pilot s MacBook, have reached out to these gadget owners for promotional brainstorming. But we think pictures of the surviving devices set against Tom Petty s  Free Fallin   would make for some swell ads.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.

 
2015-05-07
Yahoo Taiwan introduces new photo-based shopping method Taipei, May 7 (CNA) The Taiwan unit of Yahoo Inc. on Thursday unveiled a new feature that allows buyers to search for and purchase a product, using a photo of it.



The new feature called "Image Search" will be added to Yahoo's Super Mall app by the end of the year and will include products ranging from bottle drinks to clothing and health foods, said Jacky Wang (   ), vice president of the e-commerce group at Yahoo Taiwan and Hong Kong.



Super Mall users will also be able to review movies and book tickets, using a photo of the movie poster, Wang said, demonstrating the feature at Yahoo's e-commerce forum in Taipei.



In addition, the Web portal is setting up an e-voucher platform that will go online later this month, allowing users to search and purchase e-vouchers that can be used to make payments in participating retail stores and restaurants, Wang said.



Yahoo Taiwan has already signed up more than 100 local retailers and brands, including tourism agencies, airline operators, hotels, fitness centers and cram schools, to participate in the e-voucher initiative, he said.



Yahoo Taiwan's focus on the business model of online-to-offline, or O2O, conforms with the "Mobile First" strategy that was introduced by Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer in 2012.



In the first quarter of this year, Yahoo Taiwan's mobile transactions accounted for 30 percent of its total e-commerce revenues, with mobile traffic exceeding 40 percent of the overall traffic on its e-commerce platforms.



Mobile traffic on Yahoo Taiwan's Super Mall, one of its three major e-commerce platforms, took a 57 percent share of the total in the first quarter, surpassing PC traffic for the first time, according to the company.



(By Jeffrey Wu)

ENDITEM/pc



Related:

 Yahoo Taiwan to expand cross-border e-commerce to Hong Kong Yelp Said Working With Goldman Sachs to Find a Buyer Yelp Inc., the consumer-review website, is working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to find a buyer, a person with knowledge of the matter said.

The $3.5 billion company, based in San Francisco, may draw interest from potential suitors including Priceline Group Inc., Yahoo! Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Rakuten Inc., said the person, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.

Representatives for Yelp and Goldman Sachs declined to comment. The Wall Street Journal previously reported that Yelp is exploring a sale.

Yelp climbed 23 percent to $47.01 at the close in New York trading. The company went public in March 2012, pricing its shares at $15 each for a valuation of almost $900 million.

A spokesman for Yahoo declined to comment on the company s possible interest in Yelp. Representatives for Priceline and Amazon didn t immediately respond to requests for comment and a U.S. spokesman for Tokyo-based Rakuten didn t have an immediate comment. US Equities Advance Amid Tech Shares Rally Before Jobs Data U.S. stocks advanced, after the Standard & Poor s 500 Index fell to its lowest in a month, as Yahoo! Inc. led a rebound in technology shares before Friday s labor report.

Alibaba Group Holding Inc. jumped 7.5 percent after reporting a 45 percent increase in quarterly revenue. Yahoo, which owns a stake in Alibaba, added 5.3 percent. Microsoft Corp. climbed after its steepest drop in six weeks. Whole Foods Market Inc. and Keurig Green Mountain Inc. lost at least 9.1 percent after their quarterly reports disappointed investors.

The S&P 500 added 0.4 percent to 2,088 at 4 p.m. in New York, near its average price during the past 50 days. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 82.08 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,924.06. The Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.5 percent. About 7 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 7 percent above the three-month average.

 We re seeing a rebound off some selling that took place recently,  said Bill Schultz, who oversees $1.2 billion as chief investment officer at McQueen, Ball & Associates in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.  The next trend will be set by whatever the employment numbers dictate tomorrow. 

U.S. stocks fell yesterday, dragged lower after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen warned of high equity market valuations and after a private report that showed hiring slowed.

Equity Rebound

Stocks bounced back after a two-day selloff that sent the number of equities trading above their 50-day moving average to the lowest level in three months, data compiled by Bloomberg show. At yesterday s close, 200 members in the S&P 500 traded above the threshold, which is viewed by analysts to gauge a security s momentum. That s the lowest reading since Jan. 30.

Fewer Americans than forecast filed applications for unemployment benefits last week, dropping the average over the past month to the lowest in 15 years. Investors are looking to Friday s government payroll numbers for clues on the American economy s strength. Economists forecast a 228,000 rise in April, according to a Bloomberg survey, after a 126,000 gain in March.

Fed policy makers are watching hiring data to help determine the timing of raising borrowing costs after economic growth slowed in the first quarter for reasons the central bank called  transitory.  The quarter s weaker-than-forecast data have stoked concerns that the Fed may soon raise borrowing costs even as the economy slows.

Jobs Data

 The market has been getting mixed-to-negative messages over the last few days,  said Richard Sichel, chief investment officer at Philadelphia Trust Co., which oversees $2 billion.  The economic numbers have recently been more disappointing than not, so it makes tomorrow s jobs number even more newsworthy than usual. 

Analysts have tempered their predictions for a slump in first-quarter corporate profits, while more than two-thirds of companies that have posted earnings so far have beat estimates.

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index fell 0.1 percent to 15.13. The gauge, know as the VIX, is heading toward its biggest weekly gain since January. Nine of the S&P 500 s 10 main groups climbed, led by technology and financial companies.

Yahoo s 5.3 percent rally led an increase in technology shares, with the group rising 0.7 percent after a 0.8 percent drop Wednesday. The Internet portal and Alibaba stakeholder posted its best advance since September after Alibaba named a new chief executive and posted a 45 percent increase in revenue.

Yelp Surges

Motorola Solutions Inc. added 2.1 percent after Gabelli & Co. and Raymond James Financial Inc. upgraded the shares. Microsoft climbed 0.9 percent after a 2.8 percent retreat yesterday, its biggest slide since March.

Google Inc. increased 1.3 percent. Leon Cooperman, founder of Omega Advisors, said his hedge fund bought shares of the Internet search giant as he believes the company could take steps to enhance shareholder value.

Yelp Inc. surged 23 percent, the most since August 2013. A person with knowledge of the matter said the consumer-review website is working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to find a buyer.

Airlines jumped the most in more than three months amid oil s decline, with a Bloomberg gauge on U.S. carriers up 3.5 percent. United Continental Holdings Inc. rose 5.2 percent, its best advance since February. American Airlines Group Inc. and Delta Air Lines Inc. each gained at least 2.9 percent.

Alexion Bounce

Real-estate companies were among the best performers in the S&P 500 s financial group, with Essex Property Trust Inc. and Equity Residential rising at least 1.9 percent. Citigroup climbed 1 percent even as an index of bank stocks slid 0.1 percent.

Carnival Corp. increased 2.4 percent, pacing consumer discretionary shares. The world s No. 1 cruise company said late Wednesday that it s planning to base a fifth passenger liner in Shanghai in 2017, adding to a foothold in China s fast-growing leisure cruise market. Darden Restaurants Inc. and homebuilder Lennar Corp. also added more than 2.3 percent.

Health-care shares rebounded after two days of declines, with Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. up 5.1 percent. The company s shares tumbled 8 percent Wednesday after it agreed to buy Synageva BioPharma Corp. for $8.4 billion. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index rose 0.9 percent, gaining for for a second day.

Energy Falls

Energy stocks in the S&P 500 lost 1.1 percent, the most in the benchmark as oil had its biggest slump in a month. Transocean Ltd. and Noble Corp. fell more than 3.5 percent, while Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. and Apache Corp. slid at least 3.3 percent.

Whole Foods Market Inc. plunged 9.7 percent, the most in a year. The supermarket operator reported revenue and comparable-store sales that trailed analysts  estimates.

Keurig Green Mountain Inc., the maker of single-serve coffee machines, dropped 9.2 percent after cutting its annual forecast, hurt by slow sales of its second-generation brewing system.

Teradata Corp. decreased 7 percent to its lowest level since February after reporting first-quarter earnings that missed consensus analyst estimates. Virtual Reality Amusement Parks are Coming, and They Look Incredible Forget waiting in line for 45 minutes to ride a roller coaster that lasts less than a minute. A new type of theme park is coming that will let you strap on a virtual reality helmet and charge headlong into a horde of monsters with a massive broadsword in tow.

That s the promise of The Void, a new virtual reality entertainment center setting up shop in Salt Lake City, UT, The Salt Lake Tribune reports.

Inside The Void center, players will be able to choose their preferred adventure type, be handed a virtual reality helmet and vest and then enter a kind of arena designed around the adventure.



According to a preview video posted to The Void s website, each arena will be designed for a specific type of adventure and feature  4D  environmental elements.

For example, if you are walking through a cave filled with spider webs, the arena will feature small strings that dangle from the ceiling and feel like spider webs when you brush up against them.

Similarly, you ll be able to carry a large plastic staff, which in the game will represent a sword, wizard staff, or bow. The environment itself also shifts depending on the experience you re playing. So if you re in a space ship and you open a pod containing an alien life form a jet of compressed air will spray out at you when you pull open the pod.

If it s raining in your particular game, mist will fall from the ceiling.

Read More 
2015-09-01
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer Is Pregnant With Twin Girls: Will She Take Maternity ... Marissa Mayer, the Yahoo Inc. chief executive, will soon have two new reasons to take some time away from work. Mayer announced Tuesday that she is pregnant with identical twin girls and is due to give birth in December.

But that s unlikely to slow her down much at work. Mayer, 40, said she is going to limit the amount of leave she takes following delivery, as she did with her first child.

"Since this is a unique time in Yahoo's transformation, I plan to approach the pregnancy and delivery as I did with my son three years ago, taking limited time away and working throughout," Mayer wrote on Yahoo s corporate blog Tuesday.  I ve shared the news and my plans with Yahoo s board of directors and my executive team, and they are incredibly supportive and happy for me. 

Photo: Reuters/Ruben Sprich

Mayer's pregnancy announcement comes as Yahoo prepares to spin off its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, the Chinese e-commerce giant, and considers what to do with its holdings in Yahoo Japan Corp., according to a Reuters report. The announcement also is likely to renew a debate about leave for new parents and the status of women in the workplace.

Yahoo said in its corporate blog Tuesday that it was "extremely happy" for Mayer and supports her approach to taking maternity leave.

Mayer was pregnant when she joined Yahoo as CEO in 2012 and gave birth to a boy in September of that year, Reuters reported. She worked from home after the birth and was back in office after being away for two weeks.

In an effort to boost employee morale at the nearly 20-year-old Internet company, Mayer increased the amount of paid leave offered to new parents in 2013. The policy change allowed new mothers to take up to 16 weeks of paid time off and fathers eight. However, a ban on employees working from home in the same year angered many. Critics said the policy would actually make life more difficult for working parents. Google Gives Logo Its Biggest Revamp in 16 Years Google Inc. is changing its logo and identity, reflecting a digital world centered on mobile devices.

In one of the biggest changes since 1999, the Web company s new banner uses a simpler sans-serif typeface while retaining the four colors -- red, blue, yellow and green -- for the name Google, the company said in a blog on Tuesday. The revamp, which will apply to all of the company s branded products, are meant to make it easier to identify the search giant on the smallest of screens.

The effort to come up with a new look began earlier this year, when Google s designers convened in New York to begin the project in a week-long sprint, the company said on its site. Among the goals: The new logo had to work well in constrained spaces and maintain consistency across many products. And it had to be fresh; several ideas didn t make the cut, Google said.

 We started by distilling the essence of our brand down to its core -- four colors on a clean white background -- and built it back up,  the company said.  Stickies were stuck, pins were pushed, and beziers were animated. With the cutting room floor littered with hundreds of hours of design work, we set out with a few directions that excited us. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The end result is a logo that departs from a style that existed even before Google became a publicly traded company in 2004. Some of the small details include tweaks to Google s four colors so they stand out even if combined within a single letter, G, used on mobile devices. The letter e at the end is slightly tilted, a trait carried over from the old logo. There s also a new set of dynamic dots in the four basic colors, which move during transitions or interactive actions. Hundreds of employees were involved in the process.

Typography Trends

Sans serif, which eliminates the small flourishes at the end of lines within a letter, is becoming the de facto standard for corporate typefaces. Yahoo! Inc. unveiled a new logo in 2013 without serifs, and other companies such as Apple Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. haven t had serifs for years.

 We ve taken the Google logo and branding, which were originally built for a single desktop browser page, and updated them for a world of seamless computing across an endless number of devices and different kinds of inputs (such as tap, type and talk),  the company said.

Google is looking for new ways to ensure that its products reach mobile users as consumers increasingly pick up smartphones, tablets, wearable devices and other gadgets when they want to access digital services, such as video, messaging, maps and e-mail.

The logo redesign follows an even bigger shift in the company s structure. Google last month unveiled a plan to break out its main Web operations from ambitious new endeavors such as the Google X research lab and Calico, which seeks to extend human lives. The new parent company will be called Alphabet.

Signage is displayed outside the Google Inc. headquarters in Mountain View, California. Photographer: Tony Avelar/Bloomberg

Google has made small tweaks to its logo over the years. It once included an exclamation point at the end -- and used to have a green G instead of blue. Still, the basic design hasn t changed much since 1999.

 They ve almost taken a step toward Sesame Street with this change,  said Allen Adamson, chairman for the North America region of Landor Associates, a branding firm.  It feels far less corporate and far more friendly. And I think for any tech brand, the friendlier and more approachable it can be, the better -- because it just feels easier to use.  
2015-12-22
How Improved Corporate Governance Accounting Can Prevent Another Yahoo In a business environment that is rapidly evolving, it is imperative that management teams be aware of the range of opportunities and threats that could affect the organization. Emerging market competition, currency fluctuations, changes in interest-rate policies around the world, and, certainly not least of all, changing competitive demands from end users converge to create a mercurial and fast-moving environment.

2015 was a year punctuated by yet another type of business risk, amplified to a level previously unseen in developed markets: corporate governance and shareholder-oriented risk. Fueled by a large increase in assets under management, activist investors embarked on campaigns targeting virtually every industry and organization, including Apple Inc., PepsiCo, DuPont Co., and Yahoo! Inc.

In addition to activist campaigns aimed at improving returns to shareholders through increased dividends and restructuring of current assets, another issue lurked beneath the surface of virtually all of the aforementioned activist campaigns. While every activist campaign and organization is different, there do appear to be several core consistencies that can be analyzed. Ideally, if the key drivers that launch such campaigns are understood, these drivers can be negated or minimized, allowing the organization to focus on business functions rather than fending off activist overtures.

Drilling down to the core of the matter, activist campaigns are fielded and driven by the belief that the organization is undervalued in the marketplace (i.e., that due to current operation decisions, the organization is not receiving the full credit it is due). Depending on the specific narrative associated with the organization in question, there may be either one, or a multitude, of reasons as to why this is occurring, but the core issue remains constant. When confronted by such a campaign, and perhaps even included within the shareholder letter itself, is usually a clause stating that the market does not fully understand, value, or follow the business plan and value-creation strategy of the organization.

This lack of effective and clear communication represents a clear opportunity for accounting and finance professionals to step up and propose solutions to what is a rapidly growing issue for management teams in multiple industries.

Yahoo: Mismanaged Information

Focusing specifically on the issues and debate surrounding Yahoo, the lack of communication and clear dissemination of both quantitative and strategic information had a severely detrimental effect on the business itself, as well as on financial returns.

In essence, the activist campaigns beginning in 2013 centered around the fact that most of the value priced into the share price of Yahoo was linked directly to the ownership stake that the organization held in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., the rapidly growing Chinese e-commerce juggernaut. In order to help fully unlock the value of Yahoo's core enterprise, it was argued, new senior leadership was required to expand the user base while also increasing the profitability of existing web traffic. Fast-forward several years, several expensive acquisitions and personnel decisions, and the IPO of Alibaba, and the situation was vastly changed. Increased scrutiny of core operations, combined with a lack of management narrative and strategy, led to a depressed valuation of Yahoo's core operations.

This saga, although just one example of poor corporate governance communication, is a pointed reminder of how quickly markets, investor sentiment, and large shareholders can become disillusioned with management. As 2015 came to an end, the effect of these cumulative miscommunications and subsequent dissatisfaction led to a confusing and convoluted discussion regarding the future of the organization.

Yahoo, under the advisement of large shareholders and outside consultancies, had proposed spinning off, in an event structured to be tax-free, the ownership stake remaining in Alibaba, worth between $30 billion and $32 billion, depending on the estimates utilized. Compared to the market capitalization of the organization as a whole, this meant that the market valued the core operations of Yahoo at essentially zero dollars, once cash and cash equivalents were backed out of the calculation.

Following the public disclosure of the proposed spinoff plan, however, certain shareholders and interested parties began to question the tax-free nature of this transaction, leading to very public debate among board members and the eventual cancellation of the spinoff. As 2015 came to an end, it appeared that Yahoo would now attempt to sell its core operations, selling itself, to either a media or telecommunications organization.

Improved accounting and management of the corporate governance process, while unable to solve the core issues plaguing Yahoo operations, would have enabled the organization to more effectively communicate both the issues being faced and management's plan to address these concerns. While Yahoo has been the focus of this discussion, the principles and tactics can and should be applied to any organization facing increased competition, organizational change, or a change in organizational strategy. Communicating and disseminating information to interested parties in a clear, consistent, and logical manner is essential for effective business decision-making.

How More Proactive Accounting Can Help

Accounting and finance professionals represent, at the core, the individuals and processes that manage the flow of information through an organization, and are already involved with virtually every aspect of operations. Organizations that face competitive challenges, compliance-related challenges, and threats on an industry-wide level must be able to effectively summarize and communicate information     both internally and externally     in order to successfully compete.

Working closely with IT services, corporate financial planners and analysts, as well as senior leadership, accounting professionals within organizations must produce information that is applicable for shareholders. Building on existing strengths embedded within the profession     specifically quantifying information, developing reporting templates and concepts, and working with other internal departments     it is increasingly obvious that a more proactive and strategic accounting function can add value to the organization.

In a business environment increasingly dependent on information and analytics, it is apparent that organizations must contend with both increased demands for information and demands for quantification of items linked directly to strategy. Examples abound     from Yahoo to Volkswagen AG     of organizations that failed to effectively track, quantify, and communicate information generated by the organization. Stakeholders     financial and nonfinancial     are an integral part of the business decision-making process, especially as specific organizations and business at-large expand internationally. Communicating information is not a solution for underlying problems and issues at the organization, but if the information is not communicated and analyzed, how can the problems be effectively addressed?

Accounting professionals willing to take a more strategic role and embrace the changing business environment are uniquely positioned to leverage existing skills to meet the needs of the market. SCA Promotions to Appeal Loss in Sweepstakes Lawsuit USA December 22 2015

We re going into overtime. Last Wednesday, prize promotion and risk management company SCA Promotions, Inc. ( SCA ) gave notice that it intends to appeal a Dallas federal court s judgment to the Fifth Circuit in connection with a botched billion-dollar 2014 March Madness sweepstakes and SCA s ensuing sweepstakes lawsuit against Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo ).

Is this Round 2 for Yahoo and SCA?

Agreement Gone Wrong Leads to Sweepstakes Lawsuit

Yahoo wanted to offer a March Madness sweepstakes in 2014 where any participant who could correctly predict the winner of all 63 games in the NCAA Men s Basketball Tournament would win a $1 billion prize. Yahoo planned to pay an $11 million fee to SCA, who agreed to pay out the full $1 billion prize in the event of a winner, with certain other conditions. Yahoo made an initial scheduled payment of $1.1 million to SCA soon after signing the contract.

In January 2014, when Quicken Loans publicly announced that it was teaming up with Warren Buffet and Berkshire Hathaway to sponsor a very similar  Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge,  Yahoo changed its plans and worked out a deal with Quicken to become a co-sponsor of its promotion   and without SCA. That same month, SCA initiated a sweepstakes lawsuit against Yahoo, alleging breach of contract and claiming that Yahoo owed SCA nearly $10 million.

As we reported earlier this month, the district court ultimately granted Yahoo s motion for summary judgment and dismissed the sweepstakes lawsuit, ruling that Yahoo is actually entitled to a refund of $550,000 from SCA. Last Wednesday, undoubtedly dissatisfied with the ruling, SCA filed its notice of appeal with the district court.

Sweepstakes Lawsuits: Best to Be Avoided

Although Yahoo prevailed at the federal district court level, the wheels of litigation continue to spin, and the fate of Yahoo s contractual obligations to SCA will once again be determined by a court of law. For sponsors of sweepstakes and promotional contests hoping to avoid sweepstakes lawsuits of their own, it makes good business and legal sense to speak with an experienced marketing attorney before launching a promotion or signing any related agreements. 
2015-10-05
New Digital Comedy Series on Yahoo Stars SNL and Suburgatory Alum Ana Gasteyer ... DETROIT & BURBANK, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Chevrolet and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today introduced a new digital comedy series starring actress/comedian Ana Gasteyer ( Saturday Night Live,   Suburgatory ). "Going There with Ana Gasteyer" on Yahoo, which highlights the family-friendly features of the 2016 Chevrolet Traverse, is executive produced by Ellen DeGeneres. The series is from DeGeneres  A Very Good Production in association with Warner Bros.  shortform digital studio Blue Ribbon Content.

Debuting at https://goingthere.yahoo.com, the show stars Gasteyer and a number of her friends from the world of comedy in a series of candid   and hilarious   conversations which present an honest and revealing take on parenting, as they run errands and try to complete their never-ending  to-do  lists together in a Chevrolet Traverse. "Going There with Ana Gasteyer" is a nine episode video series on Yahoo, with a new episode debuting weekly. The series will also be accessible through the Yahoo Parenting digital magazine.

Gasteyer starred on Warner Bros. Television s critically acclaimed ABC comedy  Suburgatory  and is perhaps best known for her incomparable work during a six-year stint on  Saturday Night Live,  where she created a number of original characters and also delivered spot-on impressions of Martha Stewart, Celine Dion and Hillary Rodham Clinton.

Some of the celebrity guests appearing on  Going There with Ana Gasteyer  include Gasteyer s former  Saturday Night Live  castmate Maya Rudolph, Jenna Fischer of  The Office,  Jessica St. Clair of  Playing House  and the movie  Bridesmaids,  and many more. The show will feature many autobiographical elements, with Gasteyer drawing inspiration from her real-life experiences with her two children, ages 13 and 7.

Ana Gasteyer said,  I wanted to do this show because the only thing better than driving around with a friend dishing about parenthood is doing it in a clean vehicle with buttons that still work. 

Episode storylines feature everyday situations such as ordering groceries online through the Traverse s OnStar 4G LTE with Wi-Fi or finding decorations for a children s birthday party. As the show sponsor, Chevrolet will leverage advertising on Yahoo, as well as syndication of the videos to more broadly share this content. Yahoo will also produce additional content featuring interviews with celebrity guests, as well as moms and dads of all stripes, on topics of interest to parents for the  Going There with Ana Gasteyer  site.

 The Chevrolet Traverse is a midsize SUV tailored to the needs of parents,  said Steve Majoros, Chevrolet marketing director.  This web series focuses on many of the premier features of the vehicle that were designed with families in mind, while entertaining viewers with some truly universal humor. 

The new 2016 Chevrolet Traverse is the ideal vehicle for the series. Making the list for the Best Family Cars of 2015 by Parents magazine, Traverse ranks high in safety features, provides class-leading cargo space and offers technology such as OnStar 4G LTE with a built-in Wi-Fi hotspot.

 Working with Chevrolet, we re bringing this unique and entertaining video series to viewers on Yahoo,  said Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Revenue Officer, Yahoo.  It s really exciting to bring such a talented group of people together.  Going There with Ana Gasteyer  will truly make people laugh and think about their own relationships with their families and their vehicles. 

For a trailer, behind-the-scenes content and more, please visit https://goingthere.yahoo.com.

The series was created by Libby Silverman and Blue Ribbon Content s Zoe Friedman. Ellen DeGeneres and Jeff Kleeman are executive producers; Ana Gasteyer is a producer.

About Chevrolet

Founded in 1911 in Detroit, Chevrolet is now one of the world's largest car brands, doing business in more than 115 countries and selling around 4.8 million cars and trucks a year. Chevrolet provides customers with fuel-efficient vehicles that feature engaging performance, design that makes the heart beat, passive & active safety features and easy-to-use technology, all at a value. More information on Chevrolet models can be found at www.chevrolet.com.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

About A Very Good Production

A Very Good Production (AVGP) is the Emmy -winning television and film production company of producer/writer/actor/host Ellen DeGeneres. Based at Warner Bros. Television Group (WBTVG) with an exclusive multiyear deal, AVGP produces the nationally syndicated daytime talk program The Ellen DeGeneres Show and develops television projects for all divisions of WBTVG, including scripted and unscripted primetime series for network and cable, as well as additional syndicated fare. AVGP s slate of television projects includes the upcoming animated family comedy Green Eggs and Ham for Netflix; the forthcoming unscripted variety/comedy series Little Big Shots and unscripted relationship series First Dates for NBC; the unscripted design competition program Ellen s Design Challenge for HGTV; Heads Up!, a fast-paced game show debuting in 2016 on HLN and based on the wildly popular game and app of the same name from The Ellen DeGeneres Show; and Hello Goodbye, an unscripted series debuting on the Travel Channel highlighting heart-warming   and sometimes heart-wrenching   stories of love, sorrow, family and friendship from travelers of all cultures and walks of life. Jeff Kleeman serves as President of A Very Good Production.

About Blue Ribbon Content

Formed in 2014, Blue Ribbon Content is Warner Bros.  shortform series production unit, charged with developing and producing live-action series for digital platforms, tapping the creative talent already working at the Studio while also identifying opportunities for collaboration with new writers and producers. In addition to live-action programming, BRC produces animated content and is also experimenting with emerging platforms such as virtual reality. BRC programs include Going There with Ana Gasteyer for Yahoo, Vixen for CW Seed, Justice League: Gods and Monsters Chronicles for Machinima and the Batman: The Animated Series virtual reality experience, with OTOY Inc., among others. For more information, visit www.blueribboncontent.com. Activist Investor Report Card  
2015-01-26
Yahoo Was the GE of the Internet Much has been made of the PayPal mafia. Without a doubt, Elon Musk, Peter Thiel, Max Levchin, Jeremy Stoppelman, Reid Hoffman, Keith Rabois, Chad Hurley, Roelof Botha, et al, are the most impressive group of company creators and investors to exist.

There is an argument to be made about another group, the trailblazers who were responsible for turning Yahoo into the largest Internet company in the world circa 1998-2003. During this period, Yahoo was the breeding ground for the best and brightest cross-functional leaders on the Internet. These  Yahoo Bosses  have been indispensable as the critical managers who have stitched together the fabric of what makes today s leading Internet companies and the Silicon Valley ecosystem thrive.

Yahoo is the company that created the blueprint for what is possible on the Internet. Born in a trailer on the Stanford University campus 20 years ago, Yahoo is the archetype for hyper-growth, global, multi-billion-dollar companies born on the World Wide Web.

The invention of Jerry Yang and David Filo blazed a trail that made it possible for the world s greatest enterprises to come to life at blazing speed.

If not for Yahoo, it would have been difficult for there to be a Google, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, PayPal, Uber, Pinterest   you name it. Yahoo s emergence was fast and furious. The men and women who joined Jerry and David s Guide to the World Wide Web had no training for what they were building. It all happened in real time, and many of the roles, responsibilities, functions and best practices were made up on the fly.

The GE of the Internet

Many years ago, I had the good fortune of working for Jeff Weiner, who has become one of the top managers in the world. At one of his staff meetings back in 2003, I said to him,  Yahoo is the GE of the Internet.  He gave me a puzzled look, a wry smile, and without a word, made my statement seem like the ramblings of a madman. Many years later, I saw him again, and he brought up that comment. I was blown away that he remembered it, but more floored when he said,  You were spot-on with the GE comment. 

Building the first special Internet company prepared the folks who toiled in the trenches at Yahoo to know exactly what to do when they left Yahoo to help create the next phase of special companies. Before Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Groupon, Zynga, YouTube, Dropbox, Pinterest, Yelp, Cloudera and many more of the rare unicorn companies that exploded in the past decade, their founders and investors called upon a special breed of managers to help   the Yahoo Bosses.

Jerry Yang   the big boss   and his early gang

Every manager mentioned in this post had the good fortune to work closely and interact with Jerry Yang. He was a great founder, evangelist, strategist and mentor, and has served on the boards of Yahoo, Cisco, Alibaba, Workday and Stanford University. He cared deeply about Yahoo, and expected anyone who ran a business or function at Yahoo to compete ferociously.

There is only a handful of truly visionary founders, and when you get to work, collaborate and go to battle alongside one of them, you are exposed to a level of greatness that helps shape you as a manager. The Yahoo Bosses were among the first generation of managers in the Internet age to have this experience.

Yang was also aware enough to bring in the best possible managers when Yahoo was started. Tim Koogle, Yahoo s early CEO; Jeff Mallett, the first COO; Farzad Nazem, CTO; and Tim Brady, the third employee after Yang and Filo, were the best management team of any of the first-generation Internet companies. Following the dot-com crash, when Yahoo needed a different type of leader, Yang lured old-school media mogul Terry Semel* to lead the company.

The startup factory

When we think about the fabric of what makes Silicon Valley most special, it is the startup itself that creates the massive market disruptive force resulting in a world-changing company. The process of creating a startup was institutionalized in a boot-camp-like incubator at Y Combinator, which was founded by a special person within the startup ecosystem, Paul Graham.

Graham was brought into Yahoo when his startup ViaWeb was acquired. He taught the founders of Airbnb, Dropbox and many other special companies how to do what made Yahoo special, and how to avoid those things that eventually got Yahoo into trouble. Along with Graham, brilliant engineer Trevor Blackwell and Geoff Ralston, who led the communication business and served as Yahoo s chief product officer, have been instrumental in building Y Combinator into the world s preeminent startup factory.

Today s best CEO grew up at Yahoo

Regardless of the organizational function, whether it is in finance, HR, legal, sales, engineering, product management, investing or building the next big thing, Yahoo s managers knew how to operate on the Internet. Yahoo circa 1998-2003 was definitely the GE of the Internet.

LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner is the best non-founder operating executive at any Internet company. Reid Hoffman hand-picked him to shepherd his social network through its growth phase, and along that journey, Weiner tapped former GC Mike Callahan to be his legal lieutenant; Ryan Roslansky to break LinkedIn into the content game; Shannon Stubo to manage corporate communications; Joff Redfern as the product lead for mobile; and many other talented Yahoos.

Today, LinkedIn is thought to be one of the best-run global companies, and according to Glassdoor s 2014 CEO Survey, Weiner tops the list, ahead of leaders at Intel, Starbucks, Facebook, Apple, FedEx and Ford.

C-level proving ground

When recruiters and venture capital firms are tasked with bringing the right CEO, COO, GC, CMO or CFO to help a startup become a real company, the managers who grew up at Yahoo are frequently on the short list of execs they seek. These same Yahoo Bosses are also being asked to join the boards of some of the world s most important companies.

Facebook, of course, owes much of its success to the brilliance of its visionary founder. But before Mark Zuckerberg teamed up with Sheryl Sandberg and figured everything out, some of his most important hires were former Yahoo bosses. His first outside hire to help lead the charge on the product team was Doug Hirsch, former head of products for Yahoo s entertainment group. When he needed the best possible ad sales chief, he brought on Mike Murphy, who would lead sales efforts and eventually become the company s chief revenue officer.

Another key department that had to have truly world-class talent was the finance organization. The perfect person to fill the CFO role was Gideon Yu, a bright young star at Yahoo, where he was treasurer. Upon leaving Yahoo, he first made a quick stop at YouTube as CFO, then went on to be a partner at Sequoia Capital and finally landed at Facebook as CFO.

Yu brought along with him many talented executives, including Cipora Herman, who eventually became the treasurer and is now CFO at the San Francisco 49ers. Katie Mitic was brought in to figure out mobile for Facebook, and, since leaving, has joined the board of eBay and Restoration Hardware while getting ready to launch a new startup.

Before Beats Music was sold to Apple for $3 billion last year, the company brought in Ian Rogers, a visionary media executive who ran Yahoo s music division, to be its CEO. His predecessor, Dave Goldberg, was picked to be CEO of SurveyMonkey; he has guided the Monkey through spectacular growth and value creation, with the latest round valuing the company at more than $1.35 billion, a near order-of-magnitude increase from when he took the reins.

Katie Jacobs Stanton is another who has had a meteoric rise following her experience as the head of products for Yahoo Finance. Directly after Yahoo, she joined Google to help it build a respectable offering within the finance vertical. After proving herself to be an innovative leader at both Yahoo and Google, she was recruited by both the Obama administration and the State Department to help the government better leverage technology. She is currently the global head of media for Twitter.

Joining her at Twitter is Mike Gupta, who held senior roles within Yahoo s finance department, became Zynga s CFO before jumping over to Twitter as CFO, and now heads its strategic investments with a war chest of nearly $4 billion.

The following companies have a combined valuation of more than $40 billion. Each one called upon a Yahoo Boss to take on a significant operating role. When Airbnb needed someone to deal with the huge regulatory hurdles that would make the company worth $10 billion, it went to Mike Callahan s team, and chose his trusted lieutenant Belinda Johnson to be general counsel. Greg Coleman, who was responsible for Yahoo s global ad sales efforts, has been called in to be the No. 2 executive at the Huffington Post, which sold to AOL; and at Criteo, which recently went public; and is now the president at BuzzFeed.

When storied venture firm Kleiner Perkins needed a CEO to come in to pre-public Chegg and ready it for its IPO, John Doerr and his partners called upon Yahoo s ex-COO Dan Rosensweig to become CEO. Vish Makhijani is currently the president at Udacity, a promising startup that is disrupting higher education. He also was COO at Zynga, and an important executive at Russia s Yandex. When young Matt Mullenweg needed someone to help him grow WordPress, he brought Toni Schneider in as the CEO of Automattic. Schneider helped grow the platform to a place where 25 percent of all websites are now powered by the WordPress platform. Dan Finnigan is CEO of Jobvite. Dave Mandelbrot is the No. 2 executive at Indiegogo, and is leading the company through an impressive growth spurt. Paul Levine, who led the charge on Yahoo s local business, serves as Trulia s COO.

After Yahoo, Brad Garlinghouse, a popular executive and author of the famed  Peanut Butter Manifesto,  served as president of AOL s applications and commerce division and serves on the board at Ancestry.com. Tim Cadogan, who ran the global ad business for Yahoo, is now CEO at OpenX, one of the top ad-tech companies, and a board member at publicly traded Acxiom. Chad Dickerson, former head of Yahoo s Developer Network, was brought in to be the CTO at Etsy, and now serves as its CEO as the company readies for its IPO.

One of Yahoo s mobile executives, David Ko, grew into the COO role at Zynga and is now president and COO at Audax Health. Phu Hoang, considered by many to be one of the best early engineering managers on the Internet, co-founded and serves as CEO at the exciting big-data company Data Torrent.

Dropbox recently interviewed scores of the world s best CMOs in its search to find the right person to head its marketing efforts. When the dust settled, the last person standing was Julie Herendeen, who spent many years in top product roles at Yahoo.

Herendeen s husband, Eckart Walther, founded CardSpring, which was recently acquired by Twitter. Another husband who has made good is Cipora Herman s husband, Vlado, who served as Yelp s CFO and is now CFO at one of Andreessen Horowitz s most exciting enterprise software companies, GitHub. Shazam just announced its unicorn status, raising money at a $1 billion valuation   CEO Rich Riley, who ran Yahoo s small-business division, is leading the company through significant hyper growth.

I had the good fortune of serving as CEO at SideStep and as president/COO at Groupon, both roles made possible because of the training I received as a general manager working over the years for Jeff Weiner, Greg Coleman, Phu Hoang and Tim Brady.

Yahoo leaned in before it was popular. Many of the Yahoo Bosses were women, none more talented and sought after then Sue Decker.

Decker was brought in as Yahoo s CFO and promoted to president; since leaving the company, she has served on the boards of Pixar, Berkshire Hathaway and Costco. When Vivendi needed someone who could bridge traditional and social media, they tapped Stanton from Twitter.

And when companies like SolarWinds and Zynga need the counsel of one of the earliest architects of monetization and business-development functions, they rely upon Ellen Siminoff. Caterina Fake, who co-founded Flickr, built and sold Hunch to eBay after her tenure at Yahoo, serves as chairman of the board at Etsy and is working on a discovery startup called Findery.

Google has more data collected than just about anyone. In order to deal with the risks and challenges that went along with their attempts to compete with Facebook, the best person on the Internet for privacy and policy was Anne Toth, who invented the position during her career at Yahoo. She has since left Google and is figuring out privacy and compliance issues for Slack, a company that Marc Andreessen calls the fastest-growing enterprise service he has ever seen. One of the early product leaders at Uber, Frederique Dame, worked on Yahoo s first forays into social. Change.org is having a huge social impact by employing a new model for nonprofits; guiding the company through its innovative approach is Jennifer Dulski, president and COO. The CMO at Virgin America is none other than the leader of Yahoo s Buzz Marketing efforts, Luanne Calvert. And when Martha Stewart Living, Nintendo, Move.com, LifeLock and 24-Hour Fitness needed to round out their executive ranks, they called upon Wenda Millard, Cammie Dunaway, Lorna Borenstein, Hilary Schneider and Elizabeth Blair, respectively.

Functional leaders

As Microsoft continues its renaissance, Steve Ballmer went after the development executive that many consider the best in the world, Qi Lu, who is now in charge of the most important units within Microsoft. Lars Rabbe, former CIO, went on to fill the same role at both Intuit and Skype. Dave Nakayama, a very early engineer, was brought into Amazon to lead its digital music efforts to counter the juggernaut that Apple created with iTunes. Lee Brown, one of the industry s top sales executives, took on the top sales jobs at both Groupon and Tumblr.

Google is building its entire development efforts for YouTube around Venkat Panchapakesan, who built many of Yahoo s core infrastructures. One of the functions that was created and arguably perfected at Yahoo was business operations. Within the matrix org at Yahoo, Jeff Weiner tasked Andrew Braccia and Matt Heist to build a group that could sit between the business units and the centralized finance organization. Heist went on to be COO and CEO of High Gear Media, and many of his team members can be found leading either the biz ops or finance functions at some of Silicon Valley s best companies: Allen Shim at Slack, Steven Trieu at Quora, Robby Kwok at TellApart, and Danny Moy at both Zynga and Candy Crush creator King.com.

The Yahoo innovators

Not to be completely outdone by the PayPal mafia, Yahoo had its own group of mobsters creating innovative special companies from scratch.

Jan Koum and Brian Acton, two of Yahoo s most talented engineers, created WhatsApp, and recently sold their baby to Facebook for $22 billion. Stewart Butterfield, who created Flickr and spent a few years at Yahoo, pivoted his game company into one of the industry s more promising enterprise-productivity companies with Slack.

Amr Awadallah has helped usher in the cloud era with Cloudera, now valued at $3 billion, and was incubated at Accel, where early Yahoo ops executive Andrew Braccia is a managing director. Albert Lee, who was a product lead on Yahoo s Auction business, co-founded MyFitnessPal, which was recently funded by Accel and Kleiner Perkins.

Julian Farrior, another alumnus of the Auctions team, built one of the first successful mobile gaming companies, Backflip studios, selling a majority stake to Hasbro in an exciting nine-figure deal. In the physical world, former Yahoo Shopping exec Michael Landau launched The Dry Bar. Pasha Sadri has built Polyvore into one of the most interesting social curation engines, and is now an engineering lead at WhatsApp. And funding the next great companies are VCs at Accel; Andrew Braccia, Greylock; James Slavet, Index; Dominique Vidal, Sutter Hill; Mike Speiser, Google Ventures; Ken Norton, Comcast Ventures; Michael Yang, AME Cloud; Jerry Yang, Morado Ventures; Ash Patel, Code Advisors; Mike Marquez, Mosaic Ventures; Toby Coppel and Simon Levene; and spreading the magic to India is Prashant Mehta at Lightbox.

The Yahoo Bosses can be found across all functions and in leadership positions at the most important Internet companies and VC firms. The first great Internet company served as the breeding ground for the Internet s first wave of leading executives   in fact, the talent pool ran so deep that I have easily failed to mention scores of world-class managers. It takes a pioneering platform company to provide the leadership talent for an industry. Yahoo was the first of the Internet era to do so, and it will be very exciting to see what happens as the diaspora from Facebook, Twitter, Google, Uber, Airbnb, etc., spread their wings over the coming years.

* Terry Semel s Windsor Media is a minority investor in Revere Digital, which owns Re/code.



A venture partner at Accel Partners, Rob Solomon has been an executive and investor for the past 20 years. With a focus on consumer technology, he has held product management and executive roles at Electronic Arts, Yahoo, Groupon and Sidestep/Kayak. Most recently, he was president and COO at Groupon, where he led operations through their hyper growth phase, and helped scale Groupon into one of the fastest-growing companies ever. Previous roles include Venture Partner at TCV; president and CEO of Sidestep, the Web s first real-time vertical search engine in the travel category; leading a successful turnaround and merger with Kayak; and multiple executive management roles at Yahoo, including senior vice president, Commerce and vice president/general manager of the Yahoo Shopping Group responsible for Yahoo s Shopping, Travel, Auctions, Classifieds, Real Estate, E-Commerce Hosting and Vertical Product Search businesses. Reach him at rss@accel.com and @robsolomon1. 
2015-02-15
Yahoo Finance Calls WWE Network A Rough Draft For Other Brands, Sasha Banks ... - In the video above, Yahoo Finance talks about WWE stock shooting up 15% on Friday. They called the WWE Network "a rough draft of future offerings from content providers like HBO, Disney and all those other brands."

- 2 Paragraphs has a short article about WWE NXT Divas Champion Sasha Banks being Snoop Dogg's cousin. Banks was asked by WWE.com last month about why she chose a career in pro wrestling, to which she replied:

"Simple. It's all I ever wanted to do. I was meant to be in WWE. Growing up, I knew kids who wanted to be doctors and lawyers. Because Snoop Dogg is my cousin, I was pressured into pursuing music and acting but I never had those kinds of dreams. I only dreamt of being a sports entertainer. It was and is the greatest form of entertainment in my mind."

- As part of Black History Month, Alicia Fox penned a guest column at The Rock Father Magazine, which you can check out here. Here is a part of what she wrote:

"Black History Month is a time to celebrate freedom and the differences in individuals. There are moments of bravery to celebrate all year, however, during February we acknowledge the strength of great thinkers who inspired change in America. For me, those leaders cross the racial divide. It is not about being black or white. Leaders that include Maya Angelou, Martin Luther King, Jr., John F. Kennedy and Abraham Lincoln, have taught us that the freedom of speech, the freedom to love, and the freedom to be you is a right, and it is a beautiful thing that we are able to share these freedoms with one another."

Update: Removed a portion of the article about former NBA Superstar Karl Malone calling out Brock Lesnar, which was already posted last week here.

Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here. 
2015-04-14
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)'s Test Begins After Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Deal ... After spinning off its shares in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will have to show the world that it can survive and thrive on the merits of its own business, Harry McCracken tells CNBC in a discussion.

McCracken, the technology editor for Fast Company, recently wrote an in-depth report about how Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) CEO Marissa Mayer  mobilized  her company. The editor shared insights he gained during interviews with the executive for his report.

McCracken, during the CNBC discussion, agrees that the massive Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) stake the Internet company owns has shielded it and its CEO from the negativity people have about the company s core businesses.

 The Yahoo stock has done really well during her tenure but that is because it was a way to invest in Alibaba and they are about to spin off their Alibaba investment. So moving forward, Yahoo has to do well by being Yahoo,  McCracken says.

Nonetheless, the Fast Company editor notes that Mayer has put some of the right building blocks to give the company a fighting chance against its better-faring rivals in the Internet industry. For example, Mayer grew the Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) mobile developer pool from about 50 to 500, McCracken says. He adds that through Mayer s leadership, the company has made  smart  acquisitions like Flurry, a mobile analytics company, which it snapped up for over $200 million in mid-2014.

However, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has not rolled out  transformative  applications that are the key to boosting and evolving its business, McCracken notes.

Marissa Mayer s company is spinning off its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) into a separate publicly-traded company later this year which has allayed fears on Wall Street that the firm will be hit with a massive tax bill once it sells its stake in the Chinese electronic commerce giant.

By the end of 2014, Chase Coleman s Tiger Global Management owned about 5.82 million Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares. Tiger Global added the Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares to its portfolio just by the October to December quarter of last year. Also by the end of last year, James Dinan s York Capital owned about 9.4 million Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Yahoo Has Their Own Knowledge Graph, Not Without Their Own Embarrassing Issues Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape.

A year ago, we covered how Yahoo started testing a knowledge graph box in their search results. Well, now, for many knowledge graph oriented searches, Yahoo is indeed displaying the knowledge graph box.

The Knowledge Graph is a system that Google launched in May 2012 that understands facts about people, places and things and how these entities are all connected. Bing has their own version and now, so does Yahoo.

It is interesting to me that Yahoo, which is currently powered by Bing, does not utilize Bing s knowledge graph data for their own. For example a search for [apple] on both Yahoo and Bing show different imagery, different snippets of information blocks but yes, both pull the description or bio from Wikipedia.

Here are screen shots that you can click on to enlarge:

Same with searches on sport teams:

Same with searches on actors:

But the knowledge graph box doesn t come without challenges, Google has had many, and Yahoo has their share. A reader sent us an example of how a search for [Erica Schmidt] in Yahoo returns the bio and picture for Google s former CEO and current Executive Chairman, Eric Schdmit instead of Erica Schmidt, who is female and the wife of Peter Dinklage, the actor on HBO s Game of Thrones.

Here is a picture:

Both Google and Bing get it right: Security Startup Illumio Triples Funding in $100 Million Round Illumio Inc. raised $100 million from BlackRock Funds, Accel Partners and existing investors, the network-security startup said, tripling the amount of funding it has received.

The company s software aims to secure data continuously, rather than rely solely on so-called perimeter defenses, to prevent computer breaches. Its customers include Morgan Stanley and Creative Artists Agency LLC, Illumio said in a statement Tuesday. The company declined to disclose its valuation and revenue.

Illumio, which is based in Sunnyvale, California, and has about 100 employees, plans to double in size in the next year while expanding its international presence, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Rubin said in an interview.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Illumio is part of a new generation of startups that are trying to reduce the dependence on firewalls and other perimeter-based approaches to ensure network security. The company s software continuously monitors a client s computer system to detect breaches. Tanium Inc. and Bromium Inc., which are funded by Andreessen Horowitz, and Shape Security Inc. and Ionic Security Inc., which are backed by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, also are developing new approaches to fending off viruses and data leaks.

 Somehow someone gets in or something gets in where it doesn t belong. But where the harm really starts to take place, is when it starts talking to other things sitting in that data center that it never should have talked to in the first place,  Rubin said.

With the latest round of funding, Illumio has raised a total of $142.5 million, the company said.

Existing investors Andreessen Horowitz, General Catalyst and Formation 8 also participated in the latest funding, according to Illumio s statement, as did Microsoft Corp. Chairman John Thompson, Salesforce.com Inc. CEO Marc Benioff, and Yahoo! Inc. co-founder Jerry Yang. 
2015-09-02
What qualifies as a tech company, anyway? The biggest technology-stock fund holds no Amazon.com (AMZN) shares, but does own Western Union Co. (WU), the 164-year-old money-transfer company.



You ll find no Netflix Inc. (NFLX) in there. Yet the portfolio features full exposure to the video-game sector, through both Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) and Activision Blizzard Inc. (ATVI).



Even though this fund   the $11 billion Technology Select SPDR ETF (XLK)   lacks Amazon, it s got e-commerce peer eBay Inc. (EBAY), not to mention telecom giants that date to the rotary-dial era, AT&T Inc. (T) and Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ).



These apparent contradictions show how blurred the definition of a tech company has become in a time when nearly all businesses define themselves as one and software and digital communication are at the core of modern economies.



The XLK fund simply tracks the members of the Standard & Poor s 500 Index that are classified by S&P Dow Jones Indices as tech and telecom companies. Decades ago, a tech company pretty much meant one that made computers, computing equipment and software. But now the designation is more a judgment call.



The discussion over what makes a tech company would be purely academic if not for the way investors increasingly use sector funds to play discrete pockets of the stock market.



Along with Western Union and the video-game publishers, the XLK has an 8% allocation in payment processors. These include the card-network giants Visa Inc. (V) and Mastercard International (MA) as well as PayPal Holdings Inc. (PYPL)   just spun off from eBay   and some other back-office transaction processors.



AT&T and Verizon together make up another 9% of the fund, perhaps an oddly stout representation by consumer-services stocks often bought purely for their hefty dividends rather than as drivers of innovation.



One could even quibble that big XLK holdings Google Inc. (GOOGL, GOOG), Facebook Inc. (FB) and Yahoo Finance s parent Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) are, strictly speaking, media companies in the business of connecting advertisers with eyeballs same as, say, CBS Inc. (CBS).



While gung-ho tech investors might find too much of the Old Economy in the XLK fund, others looking simply to bet on the American household spending through the Consumer Discretionary Select SPDR (XLY) are liable to be surprised at its exposure to fast-moving cyber stocks.



Amazon, Netflix and Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) together make up nearly one-seventh of that consumer-discretionary fund.



Yet these stocks are commonly viewed and treated as tech stocks. A separate big tech-stock ETF, the SPDR Morgan Stanley Technology fund (MTK), has Netflix and Amazon as its top two holdings. And, generally, the Wall Street analysts who follow Amazon cover other Internet companies, not traditional retailers. Part of the issue is that some companies don't fit neatly anywhere but tech. What else to do with Visa, for instance? It's not really a financial or consumer company.



Other priorities are at work, too, though. Reports at the time Amazon was first added to the S&P 500 in 2005 suggested that the index committee placed it in consumer discretionary because that sector was then under-represented in the benchmark. This underscores the porous walls separating index sectors, which don t always follow the popular know-it-when-I-see-it definition of tech.



Just to complicate things further, Amazon does not share space in the consumer discretionary bucket with some of the broad-line retailers that are typically viewed as its key competitors for consumer dollars.



S&P places Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) and Costco Wholesale Inc. (COST) in consumer staples, presumably on the logic that they sell mostly everyday items insulated from swings in consumer incomes and tastes.



These slippery definitions of what qualifies as technology, or innovation, have been present, to some degree, in every economic era. Telegraphs and tractors once defined the cutting edge, and railroads were the 19th century s version of rapid commerce.



Of course, tech investors today do well to look across the industry frontiers for companies doing something new that could upend an industry.



As Cathie Wood of ARK Invest notes in the attached video, Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA) is fairly viewed as a tech company more than a typical automaker. And her firm s industrial innovation investment theme highlights benefits from commercial-drone development to the likes of Monsanto Co. (MON) and United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS).



Don t tell the index providers, but there might come a time when the label  technology  becomes so broadly applicable that it becomes pretty much irrelevant. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer Is Expecting Twin Girls Due in December Marissa Mayer, Yahoo Inc.'s chief executive officer, has announced that she and husband Zachary Bogue are expecting babies twin girls most likely this coming December.

In a personal blog, Mayer announced her pregnancy:

Excited to announce that @zackbogue and I are expecting identical twin girls!! http://t.co/N25wQl4hmv   marissamayer (@marissamayer) September 1, 2015

"With great happiness, Zack and I have some exciting news to share I'm pregnant!" said Mayer in the blog.

The 40-year-old mother was surprised to discover that her pregnant tummy carries twins, and said she expects the delivery this coming December.

"The twins part was quite a surprise, because I have no family history of twins or any other predisposing factors," the soon-to-be mom excitedly wrote. "However, as I've now learned, identical twins occur by random chance in roughly 1 out of approximately every 300 pregnancies. Zack and I have embraced the surprise and are very excited about these new additions to our family."

Mayer said that she plans to take limited time away and work throughout her pregnancy, as this "is a unique time in Yahoo's transformation." She reportedly plans to take it the same way she did when she was pregnant with her son Macallister.

"I've shared the news and my plans with Yahoo's Board of Directors and my executive team, and they are incredibly supportive and happy for me," the mom wrote. "I want to thank them for all of their encouragement as well as their offers of help and continued support."

According to Reuters, Mayer's short maternity leave in 2012, taking just two weeks off from work and then returning again, fired up a debate regarding her example, whether it would be helpful or harmful to the women in the workplace.

The news outlet adds that the addition of a nursery outside Mayer's office further aggravated the controversy.

Yahoo also had a major issue in 2013 when a policy that banned working from home was set. Critics said that it would make life difficult for working parents.

Later in the same year, the company reportedly increased the number of paid leaves that mothers could take, and also introduced a paid leave for fathers. This action has also been done in US companies such as Netflix Inc. and Microsoft Corp., increasing their attractiveness to staff.

Yahoo Inc. wrote in a blog post as well: "Our CEO Marissa Mayer is pregnant with twins. At the company, we are extremely happy for her and supportive of her plans and approach. Yahoo, as well as Marissa and her family, thank you for respecting their privacy during this happy, special time." Motorola Angles For New Smartwatch Fans With Updated Moto 360 Lineup (Motorola)

Round abounds in this summer s batch of smartwatches.

After Samsung, Huawei, and Fossil introduced new circle-faced smartwatches of their own in August, Motorola is now rolling out a new lineup of its popular wheel-shaped Moto 360 Android Wear watches, with preorders opening Wednesday.

Those who were won over by Motorola s original 360 will be pleased to find that, for the most part, this year s lineup expands on that design. With these updates, Motorola seems intent on attracting new batches of devotees, particularly women and fitness buffs.

More choices to go around

The 2015 Moto 360 comes in a bunch of different sizes and designs: In addition to the return of the huge 46 mm size, there are also a new, scaled-down 42 mm version; a women s model (with a thinner band); and the 360 Sport.

From watchband to casing materials, each new type of Moto 360 can be customized at the company s Moto Maker website, with resulting prices ranging from $300 to $430.

(Yahoo Tech)

Moto s new darling, the 360 for Women, is a version of the petite 42 mm Moto watch but with a 16 mm band instead of the usual 20 mm. It comes in casing styles and band options that (ostensibly) cater to feminine tastes.

The upcoming Moto Sport will have a one-piece silicon casing/band and will also offer GPS tracking and a display that can be easily read in the sunlight.

Circling back on design

The hardware design of these new Moto 360 watches offers more of the same, in a couple different ways.

The new 360 has a larger screen bezel than its predecessor. At the same time, it retains the  flat tire  indentation on its face. ( Flat tire  is the *adoring* name given to the blacked-out area at the bottom of Moto s otherwise round screen. It makes the watch s face look like a flat car tire.) In terms of looks, there s never been a lot to love about that flat tire. But, the company insists, to accommodate the watch s compact assembly, the blacked-out space is necessary for housing sensors and display electronics. Motorola touts the 360 as having the  largest screen:case ratio  of any smartwatch on the market.

Motorola s illustration of screen:case ratio. (Motorola)

Thanks to its larger casing and new band lugs, this year s 360 will work not only with Moto s new quick-release watchbands but also with any standard 20 mm and 16 mm band.



Rounding up the new features

Since it has Google s Android Wear inside, the Moto 360 mostly functions the same as both its predecessor and all its LG, Samsung, Asus, and Sony smartwatch cousins. The small tweaks in 2015 s 360 include: the introduction of the Live Dial watch face, which provides shortcuts to your most-used apps; and the Moto Body app, which uses the smartwatch s activity sensors to calculate fitness stats and goals.

This 360 will also launch with Wi-Fi connectivity, which came to the original 360 via a software update earlier this year and which allows you to stay connected when your watch and phone are out of Bluetooth range of each other. The recently announced Android Wear iPhone compatibility is also onboard, so Moto s slick new smartwatch is open to Apple people too.

(Yahoo Tech)

Another welcome improvement: Motorola claims the new 360 will get up to two full days of use on a single battery charge. Of course, we re not sure how that will translate to real-world performance; the original Moto 360 claimed to offer 24 hours of battery life, but our tests found that 12 to 14 hours was more likely.



 Late September  is as specific as Motorola has gotten with exact shipping dates and in-store availabilities for its new watches. But men and women alike can roll over to Motorola.com now to preorder their very own customized Moto 360s right now.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Yahoo! Inc completed its acquisition of Polyvore  
2015-09-17
Former Yahoo controller joins Tim Morse at Auction.com as CFO  SCOOPHD: Barnes Surprises his Sooner Father SOUTHLAKE, Texas - As the son of a former Sooner it's hard to imagine a much stronger connection to the program than that of class of 2017 Rivals250 safety As the son of a former Sooner it's hard to imagine a much stronger connection to the program than that of class of 2017 Rivals250 safety Robert Barnes . The Carroll high school standout committed last week, just days after a successful journey to the Sooner state where he and his Dragons teammates pulled off a strong 34-30 win over Oklahoma powerhouse Tulsa Union.

The 6-foot-3, 189-pound defensive back took some time, following another win over a traditional power, to talk with SCOOPHD about his decision as well as the 52-14 demolition of the Midland Lee Rebels.

SCOOPHD: 2017 OU COMMIT ROBERT BARNES

On the night the big man faced a run-heavy Lee offense that rarely challenged Carroll through the air so Barnes' primary role was playing in the last line of defense and, with one exception, Barnes did a near perfect job in the role. He made one solid open field tackle after another in whatever manner necessary.

The nation's No. 12 safety in the class of 2017 had a big hit early on a receiver turning up the field but for the most part simply made his tackles and continued on with his day.

Barnes is a big-bodied safety who figures to get more violent with his style of play as he continues to fill out and grows into his frame. Texas' No. 20 overall junior looked comfortable with his footwork on the rare occasions when he was dropping into coverage. The downfall of the opponent was that there were few occasions to watch Barnes work in true coverage situations.

NOTES:

*One-time Oklahoma offer, and current Texas commitment, Obi Eboh had a solid night showing off a real willingness to be physical in the run game. On the night he delivered several big hits and did a nice job shedding would-be blockers.

*One of the emerging names in the Dallas metroplex is Carroll offensive tackle Lucas Tribble . The 6-foot-5, 270-pound offensive tackle has gone from relatively unknown to a growing commodity in the matter of a few weeks. This growing attention stems from a nice frame that has plenty of room to add weight as well as good feet that make him look natural working in space and getting to the second level of blocks. Here's why Yahoo is still in a sad, slow decline There is one simple truth in tech that never seems to change: The best products always win, one way or another. They attract users and keep them. I know you can push out poorly designed products and hope they last in the marketplace for a while, but for the long haul, if your company produces products that are truly remarkable, they will stand the test of time. They will rack up sales. They will lead to a high stock price.

Over the past two years or so, Yahoo has fallen into a steady, slow and mind-numbing slump. You can blame Marissa Mayer if you want, but the truth is that Yahoo just doesn t make great products consistently. Some of them are just not that useful. While there are millions of people who use Yahoo for email, searches and photo sharing, my firm belief is that a portion of these  users  are not really that active. I have a few Yahoo email accounts myself. In fact, I have signed up for almost every Yahoo product over the years, I have a Tumblr and a Flickr account, and I ll usually try most of the apps for weather forecasts, news and even the one for watching television.

Here s the problem. They re not great products. Some are marginal at best. I don t have a desire to keep using them, but more importantly I am not a fan of the products or care to invest time in them anymore. They don t have the faint glow of excellence; it s more like a dull glimmer of uselessness.

Let s take a look at a few.

I have the same complaint about Mail I ve had for years: The ads are too distracting. Email is an activity that requires concentration. You have to compose your thoughts. When there is a big shining banner ad for Mountain Dew, it s a problem. Even if you eventually ignore the ads, they still take up a good portion of the screen, tend to use bright colors, and seem designed mostly for putting money into Yahoo s bank account. The ads are the priority, not the product.

The main search engine page has more problems than just a flood of blinking, annoying ads. Again, the goal with this page is to get you to click on things, not to help you find anything. It s still informative to note how Google.com is so simple and easy. If Yahoo.com really wanted to help you find anything, the page would not be so cluttered. Research on how the brain works suggests that we can focus on only one thing at a time (multitasking is a bit of a myth), and when there are so many options on the page, we get downright agitated and confused.

I m not the target market for Tumblr, but (ironically) I like the imagery and the idea. I like how anyone can have a visual blog, and there are times when I visit a few favorites just to get some inspiration. My gripe about Tumblr is that it doesn t seem like a Yahoo product, even though Yahoo bought the site for almost $1B way back in 2013. It s likely Yahoo didn t want to interfere with success, but the sites doesn t even use a Yahoo login automatically.

This one is a touchy subject because I don t make it a habit to criticize any other publication, and I know every site has to pay the bills somehow. My issue with Yahoo Tech is that the ads are just so enormous that it seems like you are visiting the ad, not the site. Readers just don t have a ton of time; they want the content fast. When you go to the Yahoo news sites, it fills your screen with distractions. It makes you regret visiting the site at all.

Yahoo is supposed to be working on a vast mobile strategy. My guess is that the company is so corporate-minded and interested in making sure employees are actually at work that it's lost the ability to make anything innovative and new. It just has the same old apps. Instead of trying new things and seeing if an app resonates with its user base, Yahoo just keeps wanting us to keep clicking on ads. Meanwhile, Facebook just made a new robotic assistant for Messenger that only works for a smartphone   it is feeding the wolves with meat.

Are you a Yahoo fan? I d love to hear your defense   just post in comments. I m not saying I m a 100% active user anymore, but the reason I ended up drifting over to Google apps hasn t changed much. Every once in a while, I ll check just to make sure I m not missing anything, but Yahoo is still using the same old tricks. It s a slow, sad decline that only has one final outcome, and it s definitely not positive.

This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? 
2015-04-17
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Bullish Stance Solidified at Cantor After Updated Search ... Cantor analyst Youssef Squali weighed in with a few insights on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), after the company and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) announced an agreement to amend their search partnership, a 10-year deal originally struck in 2009. The analyst also maintained a Buy rating on YHOO, with a $60 price target, given a compelling sum-of-the-parts valuation.

Squali noted,  The amendment essentially retains the underlying economic structure of the original agreement, but provides Yahoo! with greater flexibility, including selling ads directly on both desktop and mobile, potentially generating higher revenue. We view this announcement favorably, as it retains and builds upon the original search agreement, which was responsible for generating 35% of Yahoo! s revenue in 2014. This announcement removes an  uncertainty overhang  on Yahoo! s core search business, while providing for upside revenue potential over time. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Youssef Squali has a total average return of 27.1% and a 76.0% success rate. Squali has a 16.3% average return when recommending YHOO, and is ranked #5 out of 3573 analysts.

Out of the 37 analysts polled by TipRanks, 24 analysts rate Yahoo stock a Buy and 13 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 22.54%, the stock s 12-month consensus target price stands at $54.74. Yahoo Reportedly Preparing To Join Messenger Frenzy With Snapchat, Meerkat ... Advertisement

Taking a cue from services like Snapchat, Periscope and Meerkat, Yahoo Inc. is allegedly looking to hop on to the mobile messaging bandwagon too.

While the Yahoo Messenger may seem yesteryear, the company is looking to revamp the same by creating a messaging service that is with the times and is able to pack in both live and recorded video sharing abilities.

The latest news comes courtesy of The Information, which reveals that Yahoo is "planning a re-entry of sorts" into the messaging arena. The publication cites a source who has seen the intended Yahoo product.

"Later this quarter it [Yahoo] will unveil a mobile app that combines live and recorded video and text, blending aspects of live video apps like Meerkat, YouNow, and Skype and the recorded video messages popularized by Snapchat, according to a person who has seen the product," claims The Information's report.

According to the report, the Messenger app will be meant for mobile devices, but whether Yahoo will also have a desktop version is not clear. For those wondering when Yahoo's messenger will be ready to make its way to users - by end Q2 2015.

The source also revealed that the Yahoo Messenger app will enable users to not only share files, which include pictures, but also make video calls. Currently, Yahoo Messenger users are only able to send across links and emoticons at best to each other so if this rumor bears fruition, it will be quite a leap of faith for the company.

With Yahoo looking to use elements such as live video on the lines of Meerkat and Skype, the company could be headed in the right direction to give a fillip to its declining presence.

However, the success of the purported Yahoo Messenger remains a question as there are several players vying for consumer attention. Google is allegedly working on a phone dialer app, which will enable users to seek out businesses and individuals. Facebook too supposedly has a dialer app in the works, which has been spotted online.

A major disadvantage for Yahoo will be that competitors like Meerkat, Snapchat and Skype to name a few, have a head start and a loyal user base. To pry away these users from the tried and tested to something new will be a challenge for the company.

Phot Credit: Scott Schiller | Flickr

  2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Yahoo Will Continue to Serve Gemini Ads on Its platform Yahoo and Microsoft Amend Their Relationship to Challenge Google PART 2 OF 3

Yahoo Will Continue to Serve Gemini Ads on Its platform

Yahoo believes the amendment to its agreement with Microsoft will allow it to serve its advertisers better

In the previous part of this series, we discussed the amendments of Yahoo s (YHOO) search partnership with Microsoft (MSFT). We discussed how Yahoo should have more flexibility to show its own search results and ads. However, another change will be that Microsoft will take over the responsibility of selling ads on the Bing platform while Yahoo will continue to sell Gemini ads on its own platform.

Yahoo believes that this change will help both Microsoft and Yahoo to better integrate their respective sales teams with their engineering teams. This way, both companies can serve their advertisers better. This move should allow Yahoo to focus its resources completely on its own ad platform, Gemini.

Interested in YHOO? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YHOO Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Through Gemini, Yahoo is trying to gain share in the lucrative mobile search market

Yahoo Gemini is a marketplace that combines mobile search and native advertising, helping advertisers manage and optimize their ads. Yahoo has claimed that Gemini s performance has exceeded the company s expectations. In 4Q14, Gemini generated $106 million of revenue, which marked sequential growth of 32% from 3Q14. This growth was driven by improvement in targeting ads to users.

Through Gemini, Yahoo is also trying to gain share in the lucrative mobile search market. However, Google (GOOG)(GOOGL) completely dominates this market currently. Google commands an 87% share of the US mobile search market, according to StatCounter. You can see this dominance in the above chart. Yahoo and Microsoft s Bing are two smaller players in this market. They have shares in the single digits.

To gain a diversified exposure to Google, you could invest in the Technology SPDR (XLK). XLK invests 3.8% of its holdings in Google. Gunderson Flaunts Niche Prowess With Etsy IPO PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Still a year out, Kerri Walsh Jennings and April Ross are ready for Rio Kerri Walsh Jennings is ready to win Olympic gold in 2016. More than a year out, she s already talking about it as a done deal, confident that she and her partner will stand at the top of the podium in Brazil.

 When I started pre-season training this year, the hunger, it s fully back,  Walsh Jennings told Yahoo Sports over lunch on Wednesday.  We want to be the best, without hesitation. We want everyone to know that we re the best. 

It s easy to understand such confidence from a woman who s claimed the last three Olympic gold medals in women's beach volleyball, a sport that has only awarded five gold medals overall since being added in 1996. What s strange is seeing her say it while sitting next to someone other than longtime partner Misty May-Treanor.

In 2016, for the first time, Walsh Jennings will pursue gold with a different partner, April Ross.

View photos LONG BEACH, CA - JULY 27: Kerri Walsh Jennings of the United States (L) with April Ross on the podium after earning the Gold Medal during the FIVB Long Beach Grand Slam on July 27, 2014 in Long Beach, California. (Photo by Robert Laberge/Getty Images) More

Ross is one of the women Walsh Jennings and May-Treanor defeated in the gold-medal match in London. She and former partner Jen Kessy had plenty of success of their own, yet Ross hardly has the name recognition of Walsh Jennings or May-Treanor among casual Olympics fans. Few female athletes do.

For fans who tune into beach volleyball only once every four years, seeing Ross alongside Walsh Jennings will be odd. Seeing them together now, though, it s clear they ve established a solid partnership in their two years together. They seamlessly finished each other s sentences. They ordered together and shared their plates. They seem like old friends, though they re quick to admit they were no more than acquaintances before partnering up.

They started building this bond in early 2013, playing in two AVP Tour tournaments that season as Walsh Jennings returned to the sport after giving birth to her third child. (She had been newly pregnant during the London Olympics.) May-Treanor had retired, and Kessy was taking time off to start a family.

Within a year, they were already dominating the AVP Tour, completing the first undefeated season in tour history. They also won four FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour tournaments in 2014, more than any other team.

Winning the AVP s Manhattan Beach Open earned the pair a plaque on the Manhattan Beach pier.  It was the first time I won it, the first time I got my name on the pier, in a lot of tries. So, I have to thank her for that,  Ross said, tilting her head in Walsh Jennings  direction.

View photos RIO DE JANEIRO, BRAZIL - FEBRUARY 28: Kerri Walsh (L) and April Ross of the United States in action during her match against Agatha Rippel and Barbara Seixas of Brazil at third place of the Brazil v USA Beach Volleyball International Challenge at Copacabana beach on February 28, 2015 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. (Photo by Buda Mendes/Getty Images) More

Read More 
2015-08-14
Yahoo! Inc. Sells 2 Letter Domain Name AV.com Yahoo! Inc. has sold the premium 2 letter domain name AV.com according to whois records. The domain name has transferred to domain name registrar eName.

Also according to whois records, the buyer is a Jack Shen from Shanghai China.

This isn t the first time that Yahoo! has offered AV.com, as they listed the domain for sale on Sedo.com in 2013 but the domain name did not sell at that time when it had a reserve price range of $1,000,00-$1,499,999.

Yahoo! did sell Sandwich.com for $137K and several more domains in the five figure range at that time.

2 letter .com domain names as of late are selling with a minimum wholesale north of $500,000 and many have been selling in the 7 figure range when the sales price has been reported. We.com, which TheDomains broke the news on selling, is being reported that it sold for $8 Million. So the market has changed a lot since 2013 on the mainly  short  domain market due to high demand in the Chinese market and Yahoo was asking $1 Million or more then .

Yahoo! Inc. owns over 25,000 domain names.

Dating back to 2001, the oldest whois history record for AV.com and the domain was owned and used by AltaVista. By March 4, 2004 Yahoo! first appears in whois records. Overture purchased AltaVista and Yahoo purchased Overture, so that is how Yahoo! took ownership of the domain name. Activist Starboard Halves Its Yahoo Stake; Adds Boulder Brands Starboard Value, the activist investing fund led by Jeff Smith, nearly halved its holdings in Yahoo! Inc. and added a sizeable stake in another activist-targeted company, Boulder Brands Inc.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The New York-based fund sold 3.3 million shares in Web portal Yahoo during the second quarter, leaving it with 3.55 million, according to a filing Friday with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Starboard bought more than 4.8 percent of Boulder, the natural-foods maker being targeted by activist investor Engaged Capital. That company last week said it s exploring strategic options and has received inquiries from parties interested in  discussing a potential transaction. 

The activist notably campaigned for changes at Yahoo, including the spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. to shareholders in a tax-efficient way. Yahoo announced a plan to do so in January, and in July officially filed, saying it expects the deal to be completed in the fourth quarter, even as concerns linger over how it may be addressed by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

Starboard typically targets small and mid-cap public companies it considers undervalued, pushing executives and directors for changes such as unit spinoffs and asset sales. In July, Smith revealed a new active stake in Macy s Inc., saying the department-store chain s stock would be worth $125 if it better capitalized on its real estate. Before Facebook, Taiwan had Wretch  'Buddy' Is a Smart Collar That Keeps Your Dog Safe, Fit, and Stylish Believe it or not, smart dog collars are a thing. Yep, soon Fido will be nearly as connected as you are. Take the Buddy collar by Squeaker, for example.

Currently seeking funding on Kickstarter, this ambitious doggy wearable is designed to keep your pet safe, healthy, and active   and add a little bit of style   all in one device.

To prevent your pooch from developing a paunch, Buddy tracks your pup s activity throughout the day. The data collected and displayed on Buddy s connected Android or iOS app includes how many steps your dog has taken, how far it s walked, and the number of stairs climbed. So if your pet is starting to get a bit of wide load, you can figure out how much more activity it should get each day.

The Buddy app also lets you add the type of food you feed your furry friend, which means you ll be able to see your dog s caloric intake to calculate whether you re overfeeding it or not. That s a big deal considering weight gain can have an impact on your dog s quality of life.

Besides monitoring your dog s health, the Buddy app also lets you set up a geofence. You designate an area in which the dog can play and run around, and if it goes outside that space, you ll get a text alert. Buddy will also send GPS information to track the dog s whereabouts when it leaves the virtual fence area.

Oh, and Buddy can connect with smart home devices, like your Nest thermostat, so if your dog is too hot and you re not home, the thermostat will automatically kick on your air conditioner.

And if you re the kind of person who wants to give your canine pal a bit of style, the Buddy has you covered there, too. Thanks to a ring of built-in color LED lights, the collar can basically serve as your pet s own personal disco ball.

You can also customize the collar s colors using the Buddy app. This makes it easy to ensure that your little fluff ball is simply the most stylish pup at the dog park.

The Buddy collar doesn t come cheap, though. To get the full package, you ll have to pledge a whopping $300. That s pretty steep for a dog collar. Two less expensive versions of the Buddy collar are also available, one without GPS tracking ($240) and a base model ($180), which also lacks hardware for fitness-tracking.

What s more, the Buddy collar remains far from its funding goal. The company has, at press time, raised $60,000 of its $280,000 target. But don t worry: With 19 days to go before its money-raising campaign expires, there is still plenty of time for this bells-and-whistles dog collar to make it.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-01-24
The Best iPhone Widgets You're Not Using No matter how many times per day you look at your iPhone, there are bound to be some great features that even you have overlooked. And based on my own super-scientific study conducted by asking the three people sitting closest to me, one of the iPhone s most frequently ignored features is its app widgets.

For more great tech news and reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook!

Introduced as part of Apple s iOS 8, widgets give you quick access to your most important app information at a glance. You can find your widgets by dragging your finger down from the top of your screen and finding your Notifications Center; once there, you can check sports scores and your dinner reservations and control your music player, all without having to open the app that generally controls those things.

Want to give it a try? Then these are the first widgets you should get.

But first 

Some quick housekeeping: Widgets are simply extensions of your apps, so if you want a specific widget, you ll have to download its parent app first.

To add a widget to your iPhone s Notification Center, you have to pull down the Notification Shade, swipe to the bottom of the page, and press the Edit button.

From here you ll be able to see which widgets are available for the apps you have on your phone and add those widgets that you want to see in your Notification Center.

OK, now then: Which widgets do I recommend you download? Let s get started.

WDGTS

Free

If you ve never used a widget before, the WDGTS app is the best place to start. The app comes with a starter set of helpful widgets, including a calculator, currency converter, and a calendar with a month view.

Read More 
2015-11-02
The 5 Biggest Myths About Smartphone Batteries (and Why They're Mostly False) There are a lot of commonly held beliefs out there about how you should and shouldn t charge the batteries in your smartphone. You know the ones I m talking about: Don t keep your phone plugged in all night. You need to  train  your battery to hold a charge.

Well, it turns out that a lot of those tips are pure hooey. To help you sort the facts from the fiction, here s the truth about five of the most prevalent myths about smartphone batteries. Don t say we ve never done anything for you.

1. Keeping your phone plugged in damages its battery

You ve certainly heard this one before: Keeping your phone plugged in all night when you go to sleep will supposedly overwhelm your handset s battery, damaging it and keeping it from being able to hold a charge.

The truth of the matter, however, is the exact opposite. Your smartphone is intelligent enough to recognize when its battery is fully charged and, when it does, will stop pulling in power.

In fact, most of today s phones are so smart that they only pull in a full stream of power until their batteries are charged to about 80 percent. After that, they ll  trickle  charge until they re full.

Verdict: BUNK.

2. Charge your phone only when its battery is dead

There s not a lick of truth to this one. Lithium-ion batteries   the kind that power modern phones, tablets, and other smart devices   don t suffer from the so-called  memory effect  that beset old Nickel-cadmium (NiCd) and Nickel-metal-hyrdide (NiMH) batteries.

The  memory effect  was said to kick in when you started charging a battery before it was completely empty. By doing that, you d essentially reset how much charge the battery would think it could hold. So if you started charging a battery at 50 percent, the next time it got to 50 percent it would think it was empty.

There s been plenty of debate over the years about whether that memory effect was a real thing or if it s just an old wives tale that somehow became accepted as fact. But whatever its merits, it doesn t apply to the lithium-ion batteries that power your gadgets today.

Verdict: MALARKEY.

3. Charging your phone kills its battery over time

This one is true, but with a caveat. The fact is, lithium-ion batteries do lose the amount of power they can hold with each charge cycle. But as Apple explains, a charge cycle has nothing to do with how often you charge your battery. Rather, it s actually how often the battery discharges 100 percent.

So let s say you discharge your phone s battery by 50 percent one day then recharge it overnight. The next day, you do the same thing again. Those two days of discharging half your battery s power adds up to one charge cycle.

So, yes, your battery will lose capacity over time. But not as quickly as you might have thought.

Verdict: KINDA SORTA.

4. Don t use your phone when it s charging

This myth purports that, if you use your phone while it s charging, you re going to get electrocuted. But that s simply not going to happen.

The only reasons you might really be electrocuted is if (a) you re charging your phone while using it in the bathtub or (b) you re charging it with some kind of cheap, knock-off charger (for more on those, see the next one).

But if you re sitting at your desk and texting or talking on the phone while it s charging using the charger it came with (or a reputable replacement), you should be absolutely fine.

That said, if you need to charge your phone quickly, your best bet is to leave it alone while it s plugged in. That s because the longer the screen is on, the more power it will use and the longer it ll take to get fully juiced.

Verdict: HOOEY (AS LONG YOU AREN T STUPID).

5. Using third-party chargers will ruin your phone s battery

There s actually a bit of truth to this myth, though it has to do more with knock-off chargers (i.e. those made without the original manufacturer s blessing) than those made by third-party vendors (which meet the original charger s specs).

If you buy a super-cheap charger online, and it s not approved to work with your particular smartphone, it could in fact damage your phone s battery, or even cause your phone to catch fire. But again, that s only if you re using an unlicensed knock-off charger.

If, however, you buy a licensed third-party charger from your local electronics store that s compatible with your smartphone, you ll be fine.

Verdict: DON T BE A CHEAPSKATE.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-12-10
How Yahoo Makes Money (YHOO) It s exaggerating the point a little, but only by a little, to state that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) was the SpaceX or Planetary Resources, Inc. of the late 1990s. Back then, a single engine through which you could search for information on this remarkable new construct called the internet was as futuristic a concept as commercial interplanetary travel or asteroid mining. Throw in a free email service, instant messaging, and up-to-the-hour news feeds, and Yahoo seemed poised to be the technology company for a new century.

Then Google, now Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) happened, offering virtually everything Yahoo did except cheaper and faster. Yahoo found itself in the curious position of taking only 18 months or so to transcend from precocious upstart into sluggish and staid legacy company. Today, a seriously diminished but still lucrative Yahoo is an amalgam of disparate offerings   everything from fantasy football and celebrity gossip to web hosting and maps, and all of it packaged for Yahoo s real clients, advertisers. (For more, see: How Google's Search Engine Makes Money.)

Playing Catchup

Most of Yahoo s current business model might sound redundant in a sated marketplace. Almost every Yahoo service has a more prominent, more successful, and more easily identifiable competitor: Yahoo Movies (NBC Universal s Fandango), Yahoo Weather (Weather.com, another NBC Universal property), Yahoo Sports (Walt Disney Co. s (DIS) ESPN.com), Yahoo Screen (Alphabet s YouTube), and the list goes on and on. But if you have an active Yahoo email account that you never bothered to close after switching to Gmail, or if you happen to click on a Yahoo-branded news link, congratulations. You re one of the select billion active monthly users whom the company claims to engage.

A billion sounds impressive until you realize that this works out to 38  of revenue per user. Yahoo revenue, such as it is, comes from two reported sources: search and display. In the last fiscal year, the figures from each were $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively. The company further categorizes both search and display revenue into that earned from Yahoo-branded and that earned from affiliated sources, Yahoo-branded comprising 85-87% of each sector s total. (For more, see: Top 4 Companies Owned by Yahoo.)

Figuring out that smartphones have replaced desktop screens as the advertising canvas of choice, Yahoo happily proclaims that 2014 saw mobile revenue of $768 million and  expect(s) this trend to continue.  That Google draws 16 times as much revenue from mobile makes one wonder how serious Yahoo is about being a big player in the future.

Catch a Falling Star

Yahoo earned more revenue in 2005 than it will in 2015, which is inconsistent with a company that professes to be progressive and dynamic. In fact, company revenue peaked in 2007-2008. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization has fallen by half in that period, which would seem to make Yahoo the archetypal investment to cash out of if you haven t done so already. The shares have lost a third of their value since a localized high in the fall of 2014. Still, Yahoo stock is at close to its average measured from the tail of the dotcom bust (and the corresponding brief but exciting days of the stock s triple-digit prices). The problem is that the dotcom bust happened 15 years ago. The last time Yahoo stock traded for appreciably and consistently more than its current level, the Clintons were in the White House and the New England Patriots at the bottom of their division. (For more, see: Yahoo's 3 Key Financial Ratios.)

And yet, the company still manages to trade at 139 times earnings. If it s any consolation, the rest of the world seems to have caught on and lost interest in Yahoo s business(es). Revenue in the home market of North America has increased at a sclerotic 1% in each of the last 2 years, the 2014 total accounting for 76% of the company s worldwide revenue. Revenue in the Asia-Pacific region has fallen 31% in that same period, and now makes up a mere 16% of Yahoo s global total. Meanwhile, revenue in the rest of the world has fallen 21% since 2012, today accounting for a mere 8% of Yahoo s total global proceeds. While what are cautiously styled  emerging markets" and  developing  countries might indeed be emerging and developing, they aren t doing so with any appreciable contribution from Yahoo.

The only thing keeping Yahoo a topic of interest to investors is its $32 billion equity stake in Alibaba (BABA), the astonishingly successful Chinese monolith that serves as something of a hybrid eBay Inc. (EBAY), Amazon Inc. (AMZN) and Google to a nation of 1.3 billion people. Yahoo had recently discussed selling its interest and freeing up some needed cash, but shareholders pushed the company toward the opposite: selling off, or attempting to sell off, everything else. Yahoo s search business, which is powered by Microsoft Corp.'s (MSFT) Bing anyway, could net somewhere around $7 billion on the open market. Of course, that s contingent on finding a well-heeled and confident buyer. Suspects include Disney, AT&T Inc. (T) and Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ). At the very least, Yahoo separating itself into Alibaba-invested and non-Alibaba-invested parts makes the latter easier to value. (For more, see: Why Private Equity Wants Yahoo to Keep Alibaba.)

The Bottom Line

After reconstituting itself as a content provider, Yahoo has become something akin to a publisher or a media company. Much of its efforts are expended on online magazines that specialize in jejune articles on parenting, beauty, etc.   the digital equivalent of the glossy paper on display at the supermarket checkout line. Does such effort generate tangible rewards in the marketplace? Sure it does. Nothing to justify a market capitalization of anywhere near $33 billion, mind you, but still enough to turn a profit. And certainly not with a payroll of 11,000, which is why CEO Marissa Mayer is gladly losing overcompensated employees through attrition. Still, Yahoo remains the 5th most popular website in the world.

That 2005 Alibaba purchase by long-ago ousted CEO Terry Semel, a deal that has increased 30-fold in value since then and now represents essentially the entirety of Yahoo s worth, is the one genius stroke that has managed to more than make up for years of uninspired business decisions that would otherwise have driven Yahoo out of existence. (Semel isn t completely exculpated here, mind you. He s the same guy who could have bought Google for $1 billion in 1999 and said no). (For more, see: Alibaba's Top Competitors.)

The one person who stands to make out the best in the event of what seems like an inevitable Yahoo sale (or other more complicated acquisition)? Mayer, whose severance package calls for a $160 million buyout, most of that in stock and option acceleration (which, as some wags have pointed out, is $160 million more than the estimates of Yahoo s intrinsic worth.) The lesson? If you re going to be part of a dwindling business, at least be its boss. (For more, see: Where Does Yahoo (YHOO) Go From Here?) Bob Peck Says A Yahoo Sale Is Most Likely Outcome, Might Come By June 2016 Although Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) shares have declined 31.89 percent year-to-date, they have seen an appreciation of 9.14 percent over the past three months.

(NASDAQ: YHOO) shares have declined 31.89 percent year-to-date, they have seen an appreciation of 9.14 percent over the past three months. Robert S. Peck of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey has reiterated a Buy rating on the company, while raising the price target from $40 to $45.

While the company had announced on December 9 that it had suspended the spin of Aabaco, Peck believes that a sale of the core business or the company might be on the cards.

Analyst Bob Peck explained,  Given the simplicity & speed of a sale and the lack of a desire by investors to undergo a year-long spin process, we think a sale of the core or entire company is most likely. 

See Also: A 'Defining Moment' For Yahoo

Peck also quoted Yahoo s Chairman Webb as saying,  The Board has fiduciary obligation to engage with any legitimate person that comes forward with a good offer. 

Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) has already expressed interest in the company, and Peck believes that many other  strategic companies  are likely to be interested as well, as would several PE firms, especially in the core.

 Therefore, we don t think investors would need to wait until 2017 for value to be unlocked via a spin. In fact we think it s likely a sale could be announced in 1H 2016,  Peck stated.

The reasons for this expectation include the fact that investors are losing patience, while the core does not appear likely to improve. On the other hand, with the annual shareholder vote coming up in summer, a proxy battle could potentially occur.

According to the SunTrust report, for a strategic buyer, the core is worth $6-8 billion, due to potential cost synergies of $400 million to $900 million.

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Robert S. Peck SunTrust Robinson HumphreyAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo CEO Mayer gives birth to identical twin girls Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo, participates in a panel discussion at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, California November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage

SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Inc Chief Executive Marissa Mayer gave birth to identical twin girls early on Thursday, a day after the company reversed course on a planned spinoff of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.

"Our whole family is doing great! Thanks to everyone for all of the support and well wishes throughout my pregnancy," Mayer said in a post on Tumblr, which is owned by Yahoo. (bit.ly/1FZv9KZ)

The company had no immediate statement on the news beyond Mayer's post. Mayer has previously said she would take limited time away as she works toward turning around the company's struggling online ad business.

Yahoo shelved plans on Wednesday to spin off its stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba amid pressure from activist investors worried about billions of dollars in taxes. Instead, it said it is looking at creating a separate company to hold the rest of its assets.

"Since this is a unique time in Yahoo's transformation, I plan to approach the pregnancy and delivery as I did with my son three years ago, taking limited time away and working throughout," Mayer wrote in a blog post when she announced she was pregnant.

Mayer, 40, was pregnant when she joined Yahoo as chief executive officer in July 2012. She gave birth to a baby boy in September that year.

Mayer worked from home after the birth and came back to the office two weeks later.

(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Alan Crosby) Time Inc. Adds Hulu, Yahoo and Zealot Networks as Video Distribution Partners Time Inc. Adds Hulu, Yahoo and Zealot Networks as Video Distribution Partners

Network surpasses one billion total video streams in 2015.

The push to further invest in digital content continues for Time Inc.

The publisher announced today the formation of new distribution partnerships with Hulu, Yahoo and Zealot Networks for the growing volume of original video from across its portfolio of brands, including Time, People, Fortune, Sports Illustrated and Entertainment Weekly.

Hulu, Yahoo and Zealot Networks join existing Time Inc. partners Amazon, CBS Local, Gannett/USA Today and Nextstar Broadcasting, bringing the total number of partners in the distribution network, founded two years ago, to 18.

"Today's announcement underscores our plan to expand [the network] through creative collaborations with partners that believe in premium content," said J.R. McCabe, SVP of Time Inc. Video, in an official statement.

Featuring recent launches such as Time's "A Year in Space" about NASA astronaut Scott Kelly and Southern Living's "Building Hope," a series centered on building new homes for military veterans, Time Inc. claims over one billion video streams across the network in 2015 alone.

Video views have increased fourfold across Time Inc. brands since last year, according to an October comScore report, while unique video views jumped 86 percent. With major new distribution partners, coupled with planned international expansion, those figures can only be expected to continue their ascent in the near future.

"Time Inc.'s portfolio of brands adds to the robust partner content offered throughout the Yahoo network, which reaches more than one billion users globally," said Yahoo's SVP of corporate development and partnerships, Ian Weingarten.

Heavy investment in digital content was a theme at Time Inc. throughout 2015, as revenues for the 93-year-old publisher, spun off from Time Warner last year, declined. Print advertising saw double-digit percentage losses, while digital advertising, a smaller piece of the pie, performed well. The company acquired digital natives HelloGiggles, xoJane and xoVain after scrapping All You in October, then announced a new partnership with digital ad platform GumGum last week.

Later this year, the company will introduce a state-of-the-art production studio at its new headquarters in New York's financial district, after vacating the Time Life building its home for 56 years in November.

Meet the Author 
2015-05-13
AOL Inc (AOL) Acquisition By Verizon Communications (VZ) Could Be Positive For ... In a research report published May 12, Cantor analyst Youssef Squali downgraded shares of AOL Inc (NYSE:AOL) from Buy to Hold, while keeping his price target at $47 price target, which reflects a potential downside of nearly 7% from current levels. The decreased rating comes in response to the announcement that the company will be acquired by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) for $50 per-share in an all-cash transaction. That said, the analyst thinks that the acquisition could be positive for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

Mr. Squali wrote,  Our downgrade is predicated on 1) the fact that at $50/share, or ~8x our 2015 OIDBA, we find the valuation relatively fair for a company growing mid-single digits and ~20% OIDBA margins; and 2) our belief that we re not likely to see a higher bidder. We think this deal highlights the attractiveness of assets that bring scale and technological capabilities that can be leveraged across larger platforms in the highly dynamic ad industry. 

 We believe this transaction could be positive for Yahoo! given 1) its position as the last remaining large scale digital Media company of its kind; 2) an interesting combinations of assets including Video, Mobile and Social; and 3) a valuation, which when adjusted for the Asian assets, implies almost no value for core Yahoo! We have a BUY rating on Yahoo! and $60 PT. , the analyst added.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Youssef Squali has a total average return of 23.5% and a 68.6% success rate. Squali has a 16.3% average return when recommending AOL, and is ranked #7 out of 3600 analysts. Early Yahoo Executive, YouTube Development Chief, Venkat Panchapakesan, Dies Venkat Panchapakesan will be missed but his legacy lives on

When faced with the daunting challenge of fighting cancer, Google Inc. ( GOOG ) VP Venkat Panchapakesan @venkatp ) vowed to face it in the same manner he greeted the world of technology -- with unbreakble determination. In February he remarked in an email to a former colleague shared with RE/Code:



I am handling it with the same positive spirit that I do anything else.



Late YouTube engineering chief and Google VP, Venkat Panchapakesan

Sadly, this week RE/Code shared the news that on Monday night Panchapakesan -- only 49 years young based according to the records I found -- lost his battle with the disease which has felled other tech luminaries, as well, including Apple, Inc.'s ( AAPL However, while he's gone he's certainly not forgotten. He leaves behind a wife -- Sandy -- and two children. He also leaves by a wealth of contributions to a variety of top internet firms.Starting his career in 1990, he went on to serve as a manager at Hewlett-Packard Comp. ( HPQ ) from 1995 to 1997. After departing from HP he would jump into the online services space in the midst of the dotcom boom. He would spend the rest of his career at internet firms, navigating through the lean years after the Dotcom bubble burst and the "Web 2.0" resurgence that followed over the course of the last decade.Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) owes much of its success in southeast Asia to Panchapakesan, who joined the company just four years after its founding. As an early executive he worked from 1998 to 2009, serving in a variety of roles and garnering numerous praise and accolades. Sharad Sharma , the former Yahoo! India VP whom Panchapakesan wrote the above email message to, described him as a "sharp yet humble" leader who brought a "childlike zest" to the internet services space.His cousin Anand Chandrasekaran also worked at Yahoo! briefly and currently serves as chief product officer for Indian telecom Bharti Airtel Ltd. ( BOM:532454 ) cited him as an inspiration, stating, "[Panchapakesan is a] hero to many."

After leaving his role as Yahoo!'s Indian research and development chief a little over a half decade ago he served a brief stint at Greylock Partners as a venture capitalist. But by 2010 the allure of the internet space was too overpowering and he joined forces with Google's YouTube , the internet's top video sharing site Susan Wojcicki , YouTube's chief executive, remarks:



Venkat was a deeply admired leader of our engineering team and we are extremely saddened by his passing. He was loved by the people who worked with him and will be missed by everyone who knew him. Our thoughts are with his family during this difficult time.

At Google Panchapakesan worked for a time as the head of the Google Apps group. It's perhaps telling of his drive and zeel that even while fighting the illness he successfully campaigned to win the promotion to the head of engineering post. He scored the position in June, replacing Shishir Mehrotra In the end he barely had time to savor that new role. But while he may be gone way too soon, in his career he helped to guide the international internet services market leaving deep marks on both Yahoo! and Google -- contributions which won't soon be forgotten. Jacob Rosenberg , chief technology officer and cofounder of startup Lendup , memorializes Panchapakesan in a must-read tribute published by Medium, entitled " The Manager Who Changed My Life ." What Yahoo's energy efficiency strategy borrows from farms Silicon Valley tech giant Yahoo has been relatively low-key about its sustainable operations strategy since CEO Marissa Mayer took over in July 2012.

But a lack of noise shouldn't be conflated with a lack of progress.

Early this month, Yahoo opened a massive data center that uses an innovative  Compute Coop  design   a building layout that reduces the amount of power necessary to cool off the servers housed within. As you might imagine from the name, it looks like a traditional chicken coop, with side openings and a vented roof ridge.

Just as significant: last fall, the Internet company disclosed its first big power purchase agreement (PPA) for wind-generated electricity (PDF), echoing a series of similar long-term sourcing arrangements announced by other big cloud services companies, most notably Google and Apple.

The 15-year-long contract will offset much of Yahoo s energy consumption for its operations in the Great Plains region.

 We've been quiet, but we've been busy,  Chris Page, global director, energy and sustainability strategy, told GreenBiz during a recent interview.  Our focus really is on our data centers or technology and energy, electricity. That's what's material, and that's where I think we have the opportunity to show some leadership in data center mystery around efficiency and renewables."

Page added that the company has focused heavily on decoupling the growth of its various business lines and the company's global environmental impact.

"In the 2.5 years since Marissa got here, we've grown to a billion users worldwide," she said. "At the same time, our carbon footprint has actually decreased. 

Wading into wind and renewables

Technically speaking, Yahoo doesn t have a stated renewable energy target (against a specific date). Executives have stated in the past that the company would like to source about half its annual electric needs from on-site generation.

That strategy is  a work in progress, something that fits in with our goal of reducing the carbon intensity of our data centers,  Page said.

The wind deal with OwnEnergy required engagement from several teams including the tax team, the legal team and ultimately marketing communications. OwnEnergy uses a relatively unusual model for its project: It manages 25 community-supported wind farms across the United States.

 We re looking for things that can drive the development of new renewable energy and also make a good business case,  Page said.  Something that provides us with good value, can act as a safeguard against future increases in electricity costs. 

At its LEED Gold-certified headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif., Yahoo has invested in on-site clean generation projects including a 1-megawatt Bloom Energy fuel cell (PDF) and solar power. The Bloom technology provides roughly one-third the power needed at the facility, according to a case study published by the vendor.

While the value of these investments has yet to be realized, Yahoo s innovations in data center energy efficiency promise to be  a real home run,  Page said.

Doubling down on design

The aforementioned chicken coop-inspired design introduced back in 2010   part of a $500 million construction project in upstate New York   uses a unique roof shape to accelerate the benefits of free cooling from the outside air.

In Lockport, N.Y., Yahoo benefitted from a $9.9 million U.S. Department of Energy grant along with local tax incentives. The site uses dramatically less water and less power than typical data centers. Natural air flows throughout the buildings almost all the time, meaning that far less energy must be used to keep the computer servers, storage drives and networking equipment from overheating.

Its power-use effectiveness (PUE) is very close to 1.0; that ratio expresses the total amount of power used by the facility divided by the amount needed to run the equipment. The lower the number, the better.

For design inspiration, Page s team looked to its local surroundings.

 One of the things that the guy who originally designed the chicken coop noticed when he walked around downtown Buffalo [near the site] was that the buildings   and there are many historic ones there from back in the manufacturing age   were angled in different ways,  Page said.  They weren t straight to the streets they were on. ... He realized that this predated mechanical cooling, and they were building the buildings to take advantage of the light angles and prevailing winds in ways we don t think about anymore. 

Likewise, Page and her team are looking to biomimicry for ideas about how to keep data centers cool in much hotter, dryer climates.

 We re looking at things like termite mounds and asking,  How do the termites mix air in extreme cases, in temperatures in the middle of the desert without any mechanical cooling? " she said. "We ve decided to contemplate biomimicry and really have fun playing around with ideas that can lead to some really cutting-edge breakthroughs.  Facebook Boosts Minimum Wage, Benefits for Contract Workers Facebook Inc. is increasing pay and benefits for contract workers and vendor employees, joining Silicon Valley companies that are taking steps to narrow the compensation gap in the region.

The new standards include a minimum wage of $15 an hour and at least 15 paid days off for holidays, sick time and vacation, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. For workers who don t receive paid parental leave, the social-networking company has a $4,000 new-child benefit. California s minimum wage is set to increase by $1 to $10 an hour in January. The national rate is $7.25.

Facebook s changes took effect May 1 for some of its largest support teams at its Menlo Park, California, headquarters.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The social network is the latest among Silicon Valley companies boosting compensation for contractors whose work can include food service, grounds maintenance and communications. Shuttle-bus drivers serving Facebook, Apple Inc., EBay Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. voted in February to unionize. Apple agreed in March to 25 percent raises for its drivers. Microsoft Corp. said the same month that it would provide contract workers at least 15 paid days off annually.

 Taking these steps is the right thing to do for our business and our community,  Sandberg wrote.  Research also shows that providing adequate benefits contributes to a happier and ultimately more productive workforce. 

Facebook s policy will be implemented more broadly within the year, the company said. The expansion will include people who do substantial work for Facebook and who are employed by companies based in the U.S. with more than 25 workers supporting the social network.

U.S. staffing companies hire out 14 million contractors a year, according to an estimate by the American Staffing Association. About 1.8 million of those work in the information-technology, scientific and engineering fields. 
2015-10-28
Yahoo names Bob Lord as CISO Yahoo hired Bob Lord as the company's new CISO, according to a blog post by Jay Rossiter, SVP, product and engineering, science and technology at Yahoo. Lord will lead Yahoo s cybersecurity group, cal

Yahoo hired Bob Lord as the company's new CISO, according to a blog post by Jay Rossiter, SVP, product and engineering, science and technology at Yahoo. Lord will lead Yahoo's cybersecurity group, called the Paranoids.

Lord was previously CISO in Residence at Rapid7, the Boston-based cybersecurity firm that held a public offering in July. He is an advisor to the Washington, D.C.-based Council on Cybersecurity, the successor organization to the National Board of Information Security Examiners.

He was Twitter's first security hire, where he was director of information. Lord led the social media giant's information security program and  established Twitter's efforts in compliance, application security, product security, and information security,  according to the blog post.

The hire is the third executive to have held that role in the past six months. In March 2014, Alex Stamos joined Yahoo , replacing Justin Somaini. Fifteen months later, Stamos departed Yahoo to join Facebook as chief security officer in June 2015. Next, Ramses Martinez, previously Yahoo's senior director of intelligence, investigations and response, was named interim CSO. Martinez joined Apple's information security team last month.

Yahoo was unable to be reached for comment. Flipboard's Fanfare Fades as Executives Exit, Sale Talks Stall Flipboard Inc. debuted in 2010 with the kind of fanfare any startup would envy. The news-reading app piggybacked perfectly on the debut of Apple s iPad tablet and Steve Jobs s promise of a new era for digital media. Critics loved Flipboard s magazine-like layout, created by one of the first software designers of the iPhone, and investors poured money into the company.

Almost five years later, Flipboard is struggling to live up to the praise. Several senior executives have departed, including co-founder Evan Doll, and talks to sell the company haven t reached the finish line, according to people familiar with the plans, who asked not be named discussing private matters.

Flipboard s woes are indicative of a larger malaise gripping startups across the technology landscape as questions emerge about the sustainability of the tech-investment boom. Flipboard is performing well enough -- and, after raising more capital earlier this year, is at no risk of going out of business -- but is no longer a breakaway hit. People are finding media through their Facebook or Twitter feeds, limiting the need for a stand-alone application like Flipboard. Meanwhile, advertising rates -- the company s main revenue stream-- have been in decline. While Flipboard s reading app was a showpiece for the iPad five years ago, the company is now working to adjust to a changing digital-news market and live up to its $800 million valuation.

Startup Challenges

Other companies facing similar questions about whether they can make good on early investor expectations -- and lofty private-market valuations -- include online storage service Dropbox Inc., note-taking company Evernote Corp., music-streaming service Deezer SA and blood-testing company Theranos Inc., said Anand Sanwal, chief executive officer of CB Insights, a firm that tracks startup investing. The companies face a challenge in that they could be too expensive for another company to buy, yet may not have the business fundamentals to justify their valuations to public investors through an initial public offering, he said.

 A lot of these folks are getting credit for future value today, and they have to grow into that,  Sanwal said.  If the growth isn t materializing as expected, then that s a problem. 

Flipboard co-founder and CEO Mike McCue said the company s business is stronger than ever and that any questions about its health are misplaced. The company this year is on pace to double its revenue and number of users, which is currently about 80 million, up from 41 million last year. Advertisers include Levi Strauss & Co., Lexus, Intel Corp. and Morgan Stanley. Flipboard s revenue growth stalled last year but has picked up considerably since October 2014, McCue said.

Flat Valuation





 There are a lot of companies out there that have been chasing high valuations and hyping things and building unsustainable businesses,  McCue said.  We aren t one of those companies. 

McCue sold his previous company, TellMe Networks, to Microsoft Corp. for about $800 million. Flipboard kept its valuation flat during its last fundraising round to help draw in investors including JPMorgan Chase & Co., he said.

 I probably could have raised money at a really high valuation from people who aren t nearly as thoughtful or credible as JPMorgan, but I didn t want to do that,  he said.  I also didn t want to goose our valuation. I felt that was the right thing to do. 

Executives Depart





Still, Palo Alto, California-based Flipboard has lost members of its executive ranks. Doll said this month that he s becoming an entrepreneur-in-residence at venture capital firm Redpoint Ventures. Other departures included former Chief Financial Officer Jeff McCombs, Chief Revenue Officer Colm Long and Chief Technology Officer Eric Feng. Eugene Wei, the company s head of product, also left.

Flipboard said the changes had been planned for and took place over the course of a year and a half. Company veterans were promoted to take on new leadership roles.

New Features





Differing views about the company s direction contributed to some of the executives leaving, said one person close to the company. Flipboard has added new features to its app, such as ways for people to curate their own online magazine to share, but they haven t gained much traction.

McCue has entertained acquisition offers. Negotiations to sell to Twitter Inc. for about $1 billion fell apart around the time the social network was embarking on a shakeup of its executive ranks that eventually led to co-founder Jack Dorsey s return as CEO, according to two people familiar with the talks. Meanwhile, on again-off again talks with Yahoo! Inc. haven t produced a deal, one person said. In 2013, the company also held talks to sell to Apple Inc., one person said.

 There are a lot of companies that are interested in acquiring us and there always has been,  McCue said, without providing specifics.

Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Apple, didn t return calls seeking comment. Jim Prosser, a spokesman at Twitter, and Sarah Meron, a spokeswoman for Yahoo, declined to comment.

Flipboard s recent difficulties underscore how much the market has changed since 2010, when Flipboard s app seemed revolutionary as a way to read news on a tablet or mobile device. McCue s record as a successful entrepreneur helped the company raise roughly $210.5 million during five rounds of fundraising.

Falling Ad Rates





Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Now, the app is 1,129th on App Annie s rankings of mobile-app downloads, though that figure doesn t account for devices that ship with Flipboard pre-installed. Apple itself unveiled a home-grown news-reading app for its devices earlier this year. Advertising rates also have come down as much as 75 percent, one person said, as marketers have more options for reaching people on their mobile devices. While Flipboard has added users through a partnership to have its app come loaded on Samsung phones, it has been hurt by a seven-quarter decline in iPad shipments.

Flipboard s challenges are an example of what other startups will face as they age. Said Barry Kramer, a partner at law firm Fenwick & West who works with many startups:  The longer these companies stay private, the more pressure builds up. 

Still, McCue said that while Flipboard may not be as buzzy as newer startups, the company s business is sound.

 We re not Snapchat, but we re a pretty impressive company,  he said.

(An earlier version of this story was corrected to fix the misspelling of a name.) Apple, Google and eight other tech companies are sales and earnings winners Earnings season is halfway through for technology companies, and many of the big players have reported outsized gains.

In July, after Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% managed to boost fiscal third-quarter sales 33%, earnings by 38% and earnings per share by 45%, but the shares declined because some investors thought the company might not be able to continue doubling quarterly sales in China. I suggested that the pullback might set up a good opportunity to buy the shares, for which I was ridiculed, as you can see in the comments section here.

Apple said yesterday after the stock market closed that fiscal fourth-quarter sales in China soared staggering 99% to $12.5 billion out of total sales of $51.5 billion.

After a nasty 18% decline in Apple s stock price to $103.12 on Aug. 24 from $125.22 on July 22, I again said  the numbers don t lie,  and that Apple s stock remained a bargain after it had recovered to $110.15 on Sept. 9. That inspired 251 comments, many of which stuck with the theme that I was a complete idiot for being enthusiastic about a company with such amazing sales and earnings growth that was trading for only 12.3 times the consensus 2015 earnings estimate.

Read: Apple s cash machine makes the stock a bargain: analysts

Apple s shares had inched up to $114.55 at Tuesday s close, before the company announced that fiscal fourth-quarter sales rose 22%, net income and sales per share advanced 31%, and earnings per share surged 38%.

Not bad for a company that some people keep giving up for dead.

Apple s per-share earnings are growing faster than net income because buybacks are reducing the share count. There has been plenty of buyback bashing lately, and rightly so, especially for companies that aren t increasing sales and earnings. But for Apple, the buybacks provide icing on the cake for investors. The company s average diluted share count during the fiscal fourth quarter was down 4.9% from a year earlier.

Media coverage during earnings season typically features headlines saying if a company  beat  the profit expectations of analysts, but that s not the most important metric. After all, a company with declining earnings might still do better than analysts expect, and there is a tendency for companies to lower guidance   and analysts to reduce their earnings estimates   as earnings season approaches.

What s most important is growth of sales and earnings, as well as relative valuation, if you re considering a long-term investment.

Here are the 10 S&P 500 information-technology companies that have reported so far this earnings season with the fastest growth of sales per share:

We looked at growth of sales per share, rather than revenue growth, because it reflects any dilution from the issuance of shares to fund stock-based compensation for employees or for acquisitions, while also baking in any reduction in the share count from buybacks. One quarter s EPS can be greatly affected by accounting changes, write-offs or other non-operating events.

Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% is the new name for Google GOOGL, -0.15% which the company adopted on Oct. 2 as part of its restructuring.

Here are year-over-year changes in the same companies  earnings per share:

Here s how the stocks have performed, with dividends reinvested:

Company Total return - 2015 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years Lam Research Corp. -4% 116% 64% Apple Inc. 5% 41% 179% Juniper Networks Inc. 43% 94% 0% Adobe Systems Inc. 21% 159% 213% Alliance Data Systems Inc. 3% 106% 386% Red Hat Inc. 13% 55% 83% Total System Services Inc. 53% 139% 258% Yahoo Inc. -32% 104% 109% Alphabet Inc. Class C 35% N/A N/A Akamai Technologies Inc. 20% 97% 50% S&P 500 2% 56% 94% S&P 500 information- technology sector 6% 66% 101% Source: FactSet

And here s a roundup of analysts  sentiment: Facebook Brass Can't Escape Director Pay Suit Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. 
2015-10-29
The inside story of why Marissa Mayer's most trusted executives have given up ... When Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer made public comments earlier this month that appeared to bash recently departed executives, some of those executives were surprised and upset, people close to the matter told Business Insider.

Some even felt it was dishonest.

Mayer's executive bench has been bolting as Mayer struggles to grow revenue or develop new hit products. The two most recent departures were Jackie Reses and Kathy Savitt. Both were handpicked by Mayer. Reses ran mergers and acquisitions and human resources and was one of Mayer's key lieutenants. She left this month for Square. Savitt, the company's marketing boss, left last month for STX Entertainment.

They joined a long line of other departures, as reported by Re/code, including marketing partnerships head Lisa Licht (who hasn't announced a new job yet); Yahoo's chief information security officer Alex Stamos (who went to Facebook); and Yahoo's senior vice president of advertising and data platforms Scott Burke (now at Helix).

The departures, and Yahoo's reaction to them, reflect the growing turmoil and frustration inside one of the world's pioneering internet companies as a once heralded three-year comeback effort now appears to be running out of steam, and investor pressure is mounting.

When Mayer talked to Wall Street analysts after reporting another disappointing quarter, she told them that such departures were part of a "design" and were "the result of careful planning to achieve the necessary skills, passion, and the ability to execute growth in our business."

In other words, she suggested that these execs lacked the right abilities and that Mayer was switching things up by design.

'Disgraceful'

A person familiar with the departures, however, called that statement "disgraceful" and said it bordered on "a lie."

Many of the execs are quitting because they have grown weary of Mayer's tight-fisted management style and have great job offers elsewhere, people close to the situation said.

"She should have simply said that people leave for a lot of reasons and that Yahoo has a deep bench of leaders and is feeling really good about its future," one person said.

Another source was less critical, saying Mayer used a poor choice of words in describing the departures. But the person, a former Yahoo insider, said they were not personally offended or upset, and that most people didn't believe the comments were true anyway.

"I was very hopeful" while at Yahoo, the person said. "Ultimately we didn't see eye-to-eye on parts of the core business, but we didn't have any interpersonal clash," the person said of the relationship with Mayer.

Yahoo declined to comment for this story.

Rising stars

Yahoo's turnaround effort is an intense and tiring job, so it's not surprising that some level of tension and frustration would arise within the top ranks.

Savitt, who oversaw Yahoo's marketing and its growing editorial ambitions, was considered a rising star at Yahoo. But Savitt was frustrated with the strategy decisions Mayer had been making, leading her to take the job at the Hollywood studio STX Entertainment. While Savitt was instrumental in Yahoo's push to offer original video programming, Mayer is backing off some of those ambitions with the recent $42 million write-down of video shows such as "Community."

Reses, on the other hand, agonized over leaving Yahoo. When she jumped ship, it wasn't because of a single dramatic moment of conflict with Mayer.

Reses was Mayer's point person for the relationship with the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group, in which Yahoo owns a 15% stake. She worked closely on Alibaba's blockbuster initial public offering and renegotiated a deal that allowed Yahoo to sell fewer shares during the IPO and keep more.

Mayer sent an email to the troops in July indicating that Reses would take a "leadership role" in a new holding company that Yahoo hoped to create after spinning out its remaining shares in Alibaba. But it wasn't clear whether Reses was going to be asked to become its CEO.

On top of that, Mayer and Reses increasingly disagreed, including on how to handle HR issues and how much to value potential acquisitions.

Another big loss for the team was Scott Burke. He left on good terms, one person said, but he was responsible for the syndication strategy that is underpinning the growth in Yahoo s display business.

Mayer is playing defense

The management changes come as Yahoo's turnaround effort remains stuck in the mud, with revenue in the most recent quarter up a scant 2% from the same period in 2012, when Mayer first took the reins. And with Yahoo getting closer to spinning off the Alibaba shares, Wall Street will soon focus more on Yahoo's struggling core business. Some people have speculated that Yahoo could become a target for a private-equity play.

Meanwhile, Mayer, who has a reputation for a very controlling management style, is by some accounts becoming increasingly demanding and challenging to work with.

"The world is crashing in on her, and she's feeling the pressure," one person said.

Another told us, "She doesn't listen to what others have to say."

Several of Mayer's most trusted lieutenants remain, including CFO Ken Goldman, emerging products boss Adam Cahan, and product and engineering senior vice president Simon Khalaf.

The bigger question is whether Yahoo's board is paying attention. One of the people we spoke with believes the board is "being spun" about why all these executives are leaving.

"You can explain any one of these departures away," this person said. "But you don t go looking for a new job unless you're miserable." OnePlus X First Look: How Good Can a $250 Smartphone Be? News flash: smartphones are expensive. Market leaders like the iPhone 6s start at $650, and even relatively low-cost handsets like Google s new Nexus 5X will set you back a not insignificant $380.

That s where the new OnePlus X comes in. Starting at $250, this handset is designed to provide you with the kind of performance you d expect out of more expensive phones at a ridiculously low price.

According to OnePlus, the X will be available in two different styles. One features a polished black glass rear panel, while the other gets a hardened ceramic panel. Both phones are built around aluminum frames to give them a more premium feel.

Read More: Google Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X Review: Google s Best Smartphones Yet



The OnePlus X has a one major similarity to the pricier OnePlus Two ($329), which is the special Alert Slider found on the X s left side. By moving the slider you can switch between receiving all notifications, receiving priority notifications, or silencing all notifications.

To lower the cost of the OnePlus X, however, OnePlus has a omitted a slew of the OnePlus Two s features. First, the phone s screen is smaller  5 inches versus 5.5   than its more expensive sibling s. The OnePlus X also lacks a fingerprint scanner and doesn t include a USB Type-C connector; the OnePlus Two has both.

Still, the OnePlus X is no slouch. That AMOLED display, while relatively small, still offers a 1920-by-1080 resolution, which means images should be colorful and sharp. The handset also gets a 13-megapixel rear camera, as well as an 8-megapixel front camera, which is a slight step up from the OnePlus Two s 5-megapixel front camera.

Inside, the OnePlus X features a 4-core processor and 3 GB of RAM. Onboard storage is limited to 16 GB, though a microSD card slot means you can increase the phone s memory by an extra 128 GB.

The OnePlus Two, on the other hand, gets a more powerful 8-core processor with 3 GB or 4 GB of RAM, which means the older OnePlus Two will be faster than OnePlus X. The One Plus Two also gets your choice of 16 GB or 64 GB of onboard storage. Unfortunately, the phone doesn t include a microSD card reader, so you can t increase the phone s storage space.

Like the OnePlus Two, the OnePlus X runs on a modified version of Google s Android OS that the company calls its Oxygen OS. That means you ll still be able to run your favorite Android apps on the phone, but will get features and updates specific to OnePlus.

As it stands, the OnePlus X sounds like a compelling smartphone. I ll have to get my hands on it before I can say if it actually lives up to OnePlus  promise of offering a quality smartphone for a ridiculously low price.

The OnePlus X goes on sale in the U.S. next month. Check back then for my full review.

Read More:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+. 
2015-11-13
Yahoo Opportunity: The Market Thinks Yahoo Is Insane  Marissa Mayer could leave Yahoo soon: SunTrust's Bob Peck If not Marissa Mayer at Yahoo, who? Friday, 13 Nov 2015 | 12:07 PM ET | 02:43

A troubled Yahoo could be in for a top management change, and soon, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Internet equity analyst Bob Peck said Friday.

"We think that if the core continues to deteriorate, that investors will get more agitated, and there is a good chance that in 12 months from now, Marissa Mayer may not be there," he told CNBC's "Fast Money: Halftime Report."



In an note Friday, SunTrust disclosed that it had sent a letter to the Yahoo board to describe three major investor concerns   core fundamentals, tax liabilities and management.

Peck described Yahoo as an "unsuccessful turnaround." He said that more than a dozen top executives have left the company this year alone. "That's creating a lot of discontinuity over there and we think that's just creating more questions for investors." RushCard fiasco one month later: What went wrong and how customers are coping It's been a month since a botched systems upgrade left hundreds of thousands of RushCard customers locked out of their prepaid debit card accounts   some for a few days, others for several weeks. For a user base largely consisting of low-income minorities without savings to fall back on, the impact was devastating.

RushCard, founded by hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, is now in hot water with federal regulators and risks losing one of the most loyal customer bases in the prepaid debit card industry. Over the last two weeks, Yahoo Finance spoke to dozens of RushCard users to see how they are coping in the wake of the outage, as well as experts who helped us try to piece together what went wrong.

--

In the financial services business, technical glitches come with the territory. ATM networks fail. Websites mysteriously go dark. Credit card networks break down.

What happened to hundreds of thousands of RushCard users last month   when a botched software upgrade and the ensuing customer service crisis blocked access to user funds   wasn t a run-of-the-mill snafu, experts say.

 I have a suspicion this is one of those sort of hundred-year storm situations where everything that could go wrong did,  said Ben Jackson, a prepaid card industry analyst with Mercator Advisory group.

Many prepaid debit card companies go through a process like the one RushCard began in the early morning hours of Oct. 12, when it prepared to switch from one payment processor to another. What many prepaid debit card users don t realize is that companies like RushCard are merely the shiny wrapper on the outside of a complex machine. In order to work, prepaid card companies enlist help from two sources a payment processor that handles day-to-day transactions and an actual bank to store funds customers deposit.

Payment processing companies are constantly competing for lucrative contracts with companies like RushCard. In the spring of 2014, MasterCard won a bid to replace RushCard s longtime processor Total Systems Services (TSYS). A TSYS spokesperson told Yahoo Finance the service failure  had nothing to do with TSYS or the prior relationship we had with RushCard.  A rep for MasterCard said their prepaid processing group has been working with RushCard to address the problems but did not comment further.

With federal regulators looking into the system failure, the company could not give details on the days following the initial outage, said RushCard spokesperson Larry Kopp, but he confirmed preparations for transition had been underway for nearly a year. A spokesperson for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which said last month it will  get to the bottom  of the RushCard fiasco, said they do cannot comment on any potential or current investigations.

Amir Wain, founder and CEO of i2c, Inc., a global payment processing firm that works with many prepaid debit card issuers, explained how RushCard might have run into trouble making the system upgrade.

 [During a processor migration] you have to move all customer balances at one point in time, take a snapshot of the old system and recreate that snapshot in the new system,  Wain said.  There s always a short window of time where you need to be very well-prepared and need to have done your testing before you switch.  RushCard gave itself five hours to complete the transition, according to an e-mail the company sent to its customers.

Wain said some processing migrations require more than a year of preparation, including weeks of parallel testing   a crucial process in which the existing system keeps running while the company starts shifting data to the new one to test it out. The goal is that by the time the company is ready to flip the switch on the new system, most user data will have already been transferred and there will be minimal lapses in service.

In similar cases, a company should have been able to revert back to the old system as soon as it realized things hadn t gone according to plan, according to Wain.



 I can 100% understand that a technical migration can cause problems. It has happened to the best of the best,  Wain said.  Why wasn t there a contingency plan? I can t say. 

Two other issues exacerbated the initial outage and the lapse in service it created: conflicting messages from the company about when service would be restored and a breakdown in RushCard s customer service system.

Read More

Within 24 hours of the initial outage on Oct. 12, RushCard and its co-founder, hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, posted writtenupdates on Twitter assuring customers  most of the problems have been resolved  and  RushCard is now back up and operational,  even as thousands of users flooded the company s social media pages with complaints. Simmons backpedaled in a tweet on Oct. 16, four days after the outage occurred, saying about 10,000 people were still experiencing trouble.  Sorry for wrong info,  he wrote. Ten days after the blunder, as federal watchdogs said they were looking into what caused the meltdown, the company said some customers who were impacted by the original outage were still waiting for relief.

Adam Rust, research director for Reinvestment Partners, a North Carolina-based consumer advocacy group, specializes in bank alternatives like prepaid debit cards. Although RushCard s customer service operation is generally considered among the best in the industry, Rust said the company s efforts to keep affected customers in the loop did more harm than good.

 With crisis management, you don't want to have keep changing your story,  Rust said.  I heard Russell Simmons taking responsibility but then I heard him saying it s going to be solved in 24 hours. Then a day later, it s going to be solved, but not yet. The uncertainty the consumers had, he wasn t really relieving them of that. 

Uncertainty is something many RushCard customers can t afford. More than one-third of prepaid debit card users report earning less than $25,000 a year and turn to prepaid debit cards like RushCard as a last resort after getting squeezed out of the banking system. They may live in an area with little if any traditional bank presence, or they may have been turned down by banks for having a poor banking history. In many cases, it may be their only financial account. Prepaid cards aren t bank accounts, but they allow customers to store their cash in a relatively safe place (prepaid cards typically store funds in a third-party bank which is FDIC-insured) and spend it like any other debit card user. They don t require a credit check or a bank account.

Prepaid debit card companies, including RushCard, encourage users to deposit their entire paychecks onto their cards by offering perks like two-day advance payroll deposits. The glitch in October happened just two days before many RushCard customers expected to receive their early payroll deposits, and many deposits were unable to be completed as a result. Without savings or backup fund, bills went unpaid, late fees piled up and landlords threatened to evict tenants who couldn t pay rent.

The confusion caused by the faulty upgrade led to a customer service nightmare. Calls to the company s phone lines more than tripled from an average 5,000 calls a day to 15,000 to 20,000 calls. The company added as many additional lines as it could but still struggled to keep up with the deluge. Customers complained of waiting over an hour to speak with representatives, only to be mysteriously hung up on once they got through.

 I personally called RushCard 60-plus times only to be on hold for hours and hung up on,  said Vanessa Tackett, 28, who lives in Lexington, N.C. Tackett lost access to her account for 17 days, from the first day of the outage on Oct. 12 to Oct. 29.  I had to borrow money to get my medications. It s going take me [time] to get back on track with all the money I owe out now. This has been a nightmare. 

For a while, the RushCard website where users manage their accounts lost service. Confused as to why they couldn t log in, some users tried logging into their accounts so many times they triggered fraud alerts that temporarily locked them out. Other customers reported seeing incorrect balances in their accounts. On a normal day, a quick phone call to customer service would have resolved these matters, but people couldn t get through.

In a video posted online Nov. 6, RushCard founder Russell Simmons said he was committed to preventing another crisis.  We still have have tremendous stories of hardship that we know we helped create,  Simmons said.  It has led me to the realization that we can be better. 

Restoring faith

The RushCard outage   and the extraordinary amount of time it took to fix it   served as a poignant reminder of the fiscal vulnerabilities of prepaid debit card users.

When Simmons founded RushCard in 2003, the multimillionaire hip-hop icon-turned-business-magnate was at the forefront of a decade of enormous growth in the prepaid debit card industry. This period was partly fueled by two major economic downturns and a clamoring among brick-and-mortar banks to raise fees in order to meet rising overhead costs, elbowing low-income consumers out of the banking system in the process.

Consumers loaded $65 billion onto prepaid cards in 2012, more than twice the amount loaded in 2009, according to a 2014 report by Pew Charitable Trusts. Twelve million people use prepaid debit cards each month.

For the better part of a decade, RushCard charged some of the highest fees of any prepaid card on the market ($9.95 per month, $1.95 for ATM withdrawals, $1 each time users swiped their card). Consumer advocates routinely called it out as one of the worst prepaid debit cards on the market. When Simmons came to a 2011 Occupy Wall Street rally to show solidarity with protestors, activists turned on him, lobbing remarks about RushCard s onerous fees. Less than a year later, the company rolled out a new, less costly fee structure (monthly fees were knocked down to $5.95 - $7.95 and swipe fees were eliminated).

Where celebrity-backed prepaid debit cards from the likes of the Kardashians and Justin Bieber quickly fizzled out, RushCard has succeeded in spite of critics. It s accomplished this largely because of Simmons  popularity with customers, many of whom are working African-Americans. Simmons is also unique in his willingness to lend his face to the company s brand, regularly appearing in TV ads and marketing campaigns (although talk show host and Green Dot spokesperson Steve Harvey could give him a run for his money).

It was likely because of this strong connection to his user base that when RushCard executives realized just how bad the problem was, it was Simmons who appeared in a 90-second video apologizing to customers. In the ensuing chaos, with RushCard s customer service lines overwhelmed by the volume of calls, Simmons personally phoned customers and encouraged people to message him directly on Twitter. In cases where customers were in dire straits (facing eviction, unable to pay for medications, etc.) the company sent money via wire transfer services like MoneyGram, according to several customers.

In a statement to Yahoo Finance, Simmons said he is intent on restoring his customers  faith in his product:  We realize that we did not live up to those high standards over the past two weeks, which is why we are committed to doing the right thing and learning from this experience, so we can restore trust with our current and future customers. 

RushCard, which is privately-held, does not disclose how many customers it serves. Ben Jackson, the Mercator analyst, said RushCard is likely among the 10 largest in the industry, a list topped by Green Dot (GDOT), with 4.5 million active users, and NetSpend (TSS), with 3.6 million active users, according to the latest SEC filings for both companies. RushCard has confirmed that the majority of its users were impacted by the glitch but declined to say how many have closed their accounts since the outage.

 The prepaid industry is a competitive space,  Rust said.  If RushCard loses all those direct deposit customers, they would probably start struggling. 

Some customers told Yahoo Finance they were offered a  loyalty credit    $25 to be added to their accounts, which representatives told them they could keep if they stuck with the company. The company did, however, announce a fee-free holiday period from Nov. 1 to Feb. 29 and has set aside several million dollars to compensate customers, although it s not clear yet how the fund will work.

In the meantime, a class action lawsuit has been filed in New York on behalf of customers seeking restitution.

Hunter Shkolnik, an attorney representing RushCard customers, said he will fight the class action ban included in RushCard user agreements. As is often the case in customer agreements, the class action ban includes a clause that requires customers to pursue litigation individually through an arbitrator, a process that would occur behind closed doors.

 I think we have a very good chance here,  Shkolnik said.  My clients do not remember seeing that provision [banning class actions] when they signed up. A lot times customers get to accept an agreement without reading it and I think here there was a flaw in the way [RushCard] presented it. 

The RushCard fiasco happened at an interesting time for prepaid debit card issuers. Certain types of prepaid cards are already under the purview of watchdogs like the CFPB and FTC, like gift cards and cards used to issue government benefits like Social Security funds. In early 2016, the CFPB was set to finalize new rules that would apply federal consumer protection laws to all prepaid debit cards, including rules around electronic fund transfers such as payroll deposit.

An imperfect advocate for the working poor

View photos The scandal-plagued RushCard just announced a fund to reimburse customers who lost access to funds placed on the prepaid cards earlier this month. In an AP interview announcing the fund, hip hop mogul Russell Simmons, who promotes the pre-paid debit card, said he has thus far been paying customers back out of his own pocket.  More

To its credit, RushCard has done plenty of financial educational outreach over the years. On its blog, there are articles and videos encouraging customers to shore up emergency funds, save for retirement through 401(k) plans and cut unnecessary expenses to help them stay out of the paycheck-to-paycheck trap. But there s an inherent conflict of interest when any financial services company offers advice to their clients   it s bound to be skewed in its favor.

A close reading of RushCard s website found no mention of any specific free savings tools that could help users weather financial emergencies. RushCard does, however, tout its Rush Goals product. A sister to the everyday Rush Card account, Rush Goals allows users to save up for short-term goals on the side and track their progress. In a recent blog post published as part of a series called  Smart Money Moves,  RushCard encourages people to save three to six months  worth of living expenses in a Rush Goals account. However, the account does not earn any interest and, in a separate FAQ page, the company acknowledges  Rush Goals is not a savings account. 

There is one  perk  with Rush Goals. Once customers have saved $500, the company offers a $2 discount off its monthly fee (again, that fee is $5.95 or $7.95 a month). Let s say a customer somehow manages to go a whole year without getting hit with any of RushCard s other fees ($2.50 for out-of-network ATM withdrawals; 99 cents to transfer funds to another user s account; a $1.95 monthly maintenance fee, to name a few). That person would still wind up paying $47.40 to stash their savings with Rush Goals for one year. That s nearly 10% of the $500 he or she would have to save to qualify for the $2  discount  in the first place.

Would a Rush Goals  savings  account have helped those consumers locked out of their accounts during last month s outage? Not likely, given that Rush Goals funds are tied to the same pot of money as users  standing RushCard funds. An emergency fund does little good if you can t access it in an emergency.

Moving forward, RushCard said it is in the process of conducting an internal investigation into the outage, as well as cooperating with federal regulators.

 We re investigating how it happened, but it doesn t matter,  Simmons said in the video posted online last week.  What matters is you got hurt. For that I am deeply sorry. 

Bridges burned

View photos Yahoo Finance More

Of the dozens of customers Yahoo interviewed who said they are still facing issues with RushCard, only one   37-year-old Jason Coleman of St. Louis, Mo.   was in a forgiving mood. Coleman s RushCard expired at the beginning of October. It couldn t have been worse timing. In the aftermath of the glitch, his replacement card never arrived and his card stopped functioning on Oct. 31, a day after he received his paycheck via direct deposit. He s been unable to access his funds since.

 I want to support a black-owned business and I ve liked Russell going all the way back to the beginning of Def Jam [the record label Simmons founded in 1984],  Coleman said. But as he went over the list of bills he ll likely miss this month and the debts he owes friends and family who ve loaned him money, Coleman s resolve wavered.

 Once I get my money out of there I m going to go open up a bank account,  he said.  I m going to have to be done with RushCard. I can t keep going through this. 

Cassandra Coates happened to misplace her RushCard the week of the outage. Under normal circumstances, she could have gotten a replacement card sent to her within a couple of business days (for a $30 fee). But because the company s phones were so bogged down with complaints, Coates couldn t get through. Days and weeks passed. She missed a car payment and her truck was repossessed. Coates, who works full-time as an auto inspector in Swansea, Ill., leaned on her daughter to help her get to and from work. When their schedules didn t line up, she was forced to call out of work, losing wages in the process.

 I see on the Internet [Russell Simmons] is setting up this multi-million dollar fund and he s going to help us, but what are we supposed to do until then? I can t eat. I don t have gas,  said Coates, 42.

After Yahoo Finance contacted a RushCard representative on Monday, the company sent Coates a check for her total account balance. She has yet to receive a replacement card, but she likely won t need it. Last week, she opened a checking account at a local credit union.

Yaisa Carr, a single mother of three in Lithonia, Ga., typically gets her paycheck deposited on the 16th of each month. She heard about RushCard s issues but when she called to make sure her deposit was still coming, a customer service agent assured her all was well. When her paycheck wasn t deposited, Carr panicked. She tried to withdraw funds from an ATM but got an error message saying she was an  unauthorized user.  Worried that it was unsafe to keep her account open, she went online and requested a temporary freeze until she could sort it out with customer service.

Yahoo Finance spent 35 minutes on hold with Carr and RushCard customer service in late October. When a representative answered, he told Carr her account had been closed and it would take 7 to 10 day business days to refund her remaining balance. Perplexed, Carr began to argue, explaining she had only requested a freeze. Before she received an answer, the line went dead.  What do I do now?  she said.

Unable to remove the freeze without a representative s help, Carr remained locked out of her account for more than three weeks. During that time, her car was repossessed and Carr, who is four months pregnant, missed several days of work. On Monday, Yahoo Finance reached out to RushCard representatives to ask about Carr s still-frozen account. Carr said a representative contacted her that evening and got her back online. But the damage was done. She s since opened an account at a bank.

 I am really disappointed in how this situation has been handled,  said Carr.  This is inexcusable. 

--

Mandi Woodruff is a reporter for Yahoo Finance and host of Brown Ambition, a weekly podcast about career and finance. Follow her on Tumblr or Facebook. Color-blind people driven nuts watching red Bills, green Jets uniforms The Buffalo Bills wore all-red jerseys for the first time in franchise history Thursday night. Their opponents, the New York Jets, were green-topped and -bottomed.

Yes, we've talked about Thursday Night Football being occasionally torturous viewing, and that certainly will be the theme next week when the Tennessee Titans and Jacksonville Jaguars meet.

But for some people, the Bills-Jets game was actual madness, and it had nothing to do with the quality of play. Both teams' jerseys, you see, can look the same.

8 percent of men, about 13 million Americans, are colorblind, usually red/green. This is torture to us.#BUFvsNYJ pic.twitter.com/N36qxNfntg   Michael A. Giarrusso (@MichaelG1) November 13, 2015

[Yahoo Daily Fantasy Football: First place wins $100K in our $500K contest for Week 10]

That's an Associated Press sports editor. Is he working tonight? Will he be fact-checking and editing copy from this game? If so ... wow.

You see, red-green color-blind folks   approximately 8 percent of males, who need only one X-chromosome to be defective   can differentiate only the trim of the pants. Imagine what watching this game would feel like.

How the colorblind see #BUFvsNYJ _ we see pants with white and blue trim vs. pants with white trim. pic.twitter.com/faxr8Wjssy   Michael A. Giarrusso (@MichaelG1) November 13, 2015

#BUFvsNYJ in black and white was a lot easier for us colorblind to see than tonight. https://t.co/XuqgHRgoNy   Michael A. Giarrusso (@MichaelG1) November 13, 2015

Turns out, he's not the only sports media member suffering, including Yahoo's Sam Cooper.

I am actually incapable of watching this game as a colorblind person. every player is on the same team as far as I know.   Sam Cooper (@SamDCooper) November 13, 2015

This matchup is a color blind person s nightmare. Teams are blending together.   Gregg Rosenthal (@greggrosenthal) November 13, 2015

The NFL has unleashed its "Color Rush" campaign with this game, issuing vibrant versions of each team's jerseys. There will be one "Color Rush" game per week. Which might be all regular people can handle, never mind the color-blind population.

Of course, some people must be in the Christmas spirit.

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-05-12
Will Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Buy Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)? Jim Bach: One company investors should have their eyes on after this Verizon-AOL deal is Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

This morning (Tuesday) it was announced that telecom giant Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) was going to acquire struggling Internet brand AOL Inc. (NYSE: AOL) for $50 a share, or $4.4 billion.

AOL stock soared almost 19% after the deal was announced. This was good news for a once-great Internet name that has been forced to futilely compete in the online ad space after its dial-up Internet service lost a lot of ground amid the shift to broadband.

And it didn t help that in 2000 it was a part of one of the most disastrous mergers of all time with Time Warner Inc. (NYSE: TWX).

What this deal symbolizes is that on its own, AOL was a dying company. AOL may still have 2.1 million subscribers for its dial-up service, but its main business is selling online display ads.

And as Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG, GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB) have demonstrated over the years: the only way to thrive in a business where there is infinite ad space for sale is to revolutionize the game, not merely play along.

This Verizon-AOL deal also shines a light on what AOL s also-struggling rival Yahoo should do.

Here s why there are a lot of parallels between AOL and Yahoo 

Why Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) and AOL Are So Similar

In the 1990s when AOL was in its heyday and Yahoo was emerging as an up-and-coming Internet company, there were backroom discussions about whether the two would join forces.

At the time, AOL was on top. It had an interest in Yahoo because it wanted to build an unbeatable Internet giant.

That merger never happened.

Fast-forward to September 2014. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (NYSE:BABA) had just gone public.

Yahoo, which then had a 20% stake in the burgeoning Chinese e-commerce juggernaut, was beginning to sell off its shares in the company. This was happening even though at that point the only real value Yahoo stock brought to investors was the windfall it promised to deliver when it cashed in on this huge position.

Yahoo then became the target of hungry activist investors. Starboard Value LP s Jeffrey Smith saw the Alibaba IPO as a chance to pen a letter to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, urging her to squeeze as much shareholder value out of her company as she could.

One of his recommendations was for YHOO to merge with AOL. At this point, AOL could be described as in its death throes. The memories of the dial-up behemoth AOL swooping in to buy a fast-moving Yahoo were long gone. The tables had turned.

The problem with this deal was figuring out just how much value Yahoo was really going to unlock. In 2014, the market share for global Internet advertising   the most  profitable  businesses for AOL and Yahoo   was thoroughly in Google s hands.

Google raked in $59.1 billion. Facebook brought in $11.5 billion. Yahoo and AOL weren t even competing for third   that spot was occupied by the  Chinese Google,  Baidu Inc. (Nasdaq ADR: BIDU) at $7.8 billion.

Yahoo and AOL were competing for the crumbs that fell from Google and Facebook s table. In fourth place, Yahoo had brought in $4.6 billion in ad sales, while AOL s revenue in the segment was at a paltry $1.9 billion.

So while Yahoo likes to think it s competing with Google and Facebook as a big-time, ad-selling rival, the whole time it was really only competing on the periphery with AOL for whatever meager dollars the industry giants let slip through their fingers.

The only real assets Yahoo and AOL bring to the industry are the No. 1 and 2 market shares for online news   Yahoo with Yahoo! News at 3.8%, and AOL with the Huffington Post at 3.3%, according to eMarketer. But those market shares are miniscule in a crowded industry, making it impossible for either to break from the pack and turn those properties into cash cows.

Jeffery Smith s vision of a Yahoo and AOL merger was dashed today when Verizon swooped in to buy AOL.

A sale really was the best thing for AOL. And it would be for Yahoo, too, if it abandons its fruitless competition with the industry leaders and begins looking for a suitor.

And here s who may very well save Yahoo with an acquisition of its own 

Will Alibaba Buy Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO)?

An Alibaba purchase of Yahoo is a no-brainer at this point.

 Yahoo itself is a waste case in the business, Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald said.  My belief is that ultimately, Alibaba buys Yahoo. I think that thing comes full circle. 

Yahoo has no meaningful footprint in the ad-selling business. Going out with a little grace, instead of holding on to wild ambitions, would be the best thing for shareholders.

Right now, YHOO shareholders are squeezing as much value out of their Alibaba holdings   and to a lesser extent, their Yahoo! Japan stake   as they can.

Those holding YHOO stock right now seem all too content to see Yahoo sell off its assets and wind up operations. Then YHOO can turn around and deliver all that money back to shareholders. This is called the  Harvest Strategy. 

In a Yahoo purchase, Alibaba would further build its global empire. Alibaba wants to establish a U.S. footprint and an internationally recognized brand. This week it took up a more than 9% stake in American e-commerce company Zulily Inc. (Nasdaq: ZU) in pursuit of that goal.

Yahoo would help Alibaba  establish brand,  Fitz-Gerald said, and it would provide Alibaba with  instant staff, instant technical compliance, instant recognition, and more importantly, instant data. 

The Bottom Line: The Verizon-AOL deal is not only good for a struggling AOL, but it offers a glimpse into where Yahoo s (Nasdaq: YHOO) future lies. Yahoo has little ground to be gained in an industry that s already dominated by much more successful names. But in a sale to Alibaba, Yahoo can leave the business altogether, deliver big to shareholders, and hitch its wagon to much more promising company.

Written By Jim Bach From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet.And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Baker & McKenzie, Yahoo Must Face Bribery Suit, Court Told Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Facebook Inc (FB), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Among Top ... Douglas Dillard and Raj D. Venkatesan s Standard Pacific Capital LLC has filed its 13F for the reporting period of March 31, disclosing its equity holdings as of the end of the first quarter of 2015. Both the founders of Standard Pacific Capital are graduates from the Harvard Business School and the pair currently manage an equity portfolio valued at $123.38 million as of the reporting period. Standard Pacific Capital is primarily invested in the consumer discretionary, information technology, materials, and industrial sectors. In this feature we ll discuss the top technology picks of the fund.

Standard Pacific Capital is just one of more than 700 hedge funds housed in our database, whose equity portfolios we collate quarterly as part of our small-cap strategy. Even though most smaller investors believe that tracking 13F filings is a rather pointless effort because they are filed with a delay of a maximum of 45 days after the end of a calendar quarter, the results of our research prove that is not the case. To be on the safe side, we even used a delay of 60 days in our backtests that involved the 13F filings of funds between 1999 and 2012 and we still managed to gain an annual alpha in the double digits, simply from imitating the top small-cap picks of these funds. Since the official launch of our strategy in August 2012, this small-cap strategy has obtained returns of more than 137%, beating the S&P 500 Total Return Index by 82 percentage points (see the details).

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is the largest tech holding of the fund, with Standard Pacific owning 79,586 shares of the social networking company, with a market value of $6.54 million as of the reporting period. Shares of Facebook have declined by more than 8% since its first quarter 2015 earnings report was released on April 22. The social media giant did manage to meet market expectations in terms of revenue and non-GAAP earnings, reporting revenue of $3.54 billion, which was 42% higher than the prior year period. However, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) s operating expenses during the first quarter were a hefty 83% higher quarter on quarter. Stephen Mandel s Lone Pine Capital, along with Coatue Management and Citadel Investment Group are among the largest shareholders of Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB).

Standard Pacific initiated a new position in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) during the first quarter of 2015, reporting ownership of 118,902 shares of the internet and technology company, with those shares having a market value of $5.28 million as of the reporting period. Shares of Yahoo have declined 14.88% year-to-date amid the depreciating value of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), among other things. While talking on CNBC, Eric Jackson, founder and president of Ironfire Capital, denied any chance of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) buying Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) due to limited cash availability. This seemingly puts an end to the speculation that Yahoo would participate in a bidding war for the online business directory. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) disclosed its first quarter 2015 financial results on March 31, reporting an 8% increase in revenue from the year-ago period. The tech giant also reported an increase in its search volume, which stood at a five-year high during the first quarter of 2015. D E Shaw, York Capital Management, and Christian Leone s Luxor Capital Group are among the largest investors in Yahoo. Jury awards HS athlete nearly $1 million in head injury case An Iowa jury found a local school negligent for how it handled a football player's potential head injury, according to the Des Moines Register.

During the 2012 season, Bedford (Iowa) High School freshman Kacey Strough reportedly told his coach that teammates were repeatedly throwing footballs at his head from less than six feet away. He also asked them to stop, to no avail. The reportedly said coach said he would handle it, but did nothing.

The lawsuit, filed in 2013, said that Strough sustained head injuries as a result of the incident. He "told numerous teammates, coaches and the nurse that he believed he had a concussion (while complaining of headaches and double vision) but nothing was done," jury member Joe Osbrink told Yahoo Sports in an email.

The jury ruled Monday that the school must pay nearly $1 million in damages and medical fees, by far the largest payout in a high school head injury case.

Within days of the ball-throwing incident, Strough showed more severe symptoms   slurred speech, severe headaches, partial paralysis   and had to be hospitalized. A CT scan showed that he has a rare condition called cavernous malformation. Cavernous malformation causes blood vessels in the brain to form abnormally, which disrupts normal blood flow. It was a pre-existing condition but was not discovered until after the injury, according to the evidence presented in court.

Cavernous malformations only bleed in about six percent of cases, according to Osbrink. In Strough's case, the malformation was located near his brainstem. It's possible, though not definite, that the incident caused the malformation to start bleeding. It's also possible that it was a spontaneous bleed, according to the lawyer who represented the school and the school nurse.

Doctors performed emergency surgery to stop the hemorrhaging. Strough was then placed in a medically-induced coma. He hasn't fully recovered. Now 18, he uses a wheelchair and has permanent brain damage.

Strough, like all high school athletes, underwent a physical before he joined the football team. Had doctors known of the condition, Osbrink said, Strough would not have been cleared to play football in the first place. "There is no way that anyone knew of the malformation in Kacey's brain until it was too late," he said.

Regardless, teammates, coaches and the nurse reportedly knew that he complained of a possible concussion. The nurse examined him, according to her attorney, Gregory Barnsten. "Based on the further examination of Kacey and what he told her she did not think he had a concussion," he wrote. He said that she asked his grandmother, his primary caretaker, to bring him to a doctor.

Under an Iowa state law passed in 2011, coaches and officials must remove an athlete from the field at the first possible sign of a head injury. The athletes are not allowed to return until being evaluated and cleared by a licensed physician. Strough was not removed from the field.

The school and the school nurse was found negligent for failing to tell the coaches about the potential concussion, according to the Des Moines Register, and for failing to follow up with his grandmother to make sure he had seen a doctor.

The jury awarded about $140,000 in medical expenses and $850,000 in "damages for pain and suffering, loss of mind and body, and loss of future earnings," according to the Des Moines Register.

The case originally focused on the administration's failure to respond when Strough reported being bullied. It was later amended to focus on the failure to comply with the 2011 concussion and head injury law.

 Hopefully as this law finds its way into the system, school districts, nurses and coaches can get together and act in a more prompt way to get these problems addressed,  said Strough's lawyer, Tom Slater.

This case officially goes down as a jury holding a school responsible for failing to protect an athlete who sustained a head injury. It seems to be just as much of a win for anti-bullying advocates, a milestone case in a year when high school football hazing and bullying seemed to hit a new high.

Editor's note: This story originally stated that the school nurse and administrators knew of Strough's condition prior to the injury. This was inaccurate, and the story has been amended to reflect the accurate timeline.

____________________

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her onTwitter and Facebook. The Lily Camera Is a Drone That Flies Itself Despite the whipping spring winds, the prototype of the Lily Camera is hovering steadily in place above my head in New York s Central Park. The Lily looks a lot like other drones you can buy now, but this one has a special trick. As its name suggests, it s really a camera that just happens to fly. By itself.

Developed for use by action sports enthusiasts   snowboarders, skateboarders, and the like   the Lily Camera lets you capture all of your best moves and stunts without needing someone else to pilot it.

To use the drone, you turn it on and it connects to a separate wrist-worn controller that doubles as a tracker.

You tell the drone to take off by pressing the controller s Take Off button, or toss it into the air to have it automatically start hovering.

Follow the leader

The Lily Camera can then follow you around. I was genuinely impressed with how well the drone was able to keep up with me, despite my attempts to trick it by running in zigzag patterns. (If you don t want the Lily Camera to follow you, you can have it hover and stay stationary while it records.)

All of the video captured by the Lily Camera s front-mounted 12-megapixel camera is also streamed to your smartphone, so you can see what it sees. The drone does a great job of stabilizing video. Although the wind was relatively stiff during my demo with the drone, images remained steady.

The makers of the Lily Camera also addressed the issue of being unable to capture ground-level audio from a drone: Audio is recorded by the tracker.

Soft landing

But the Lily Camera s coolest feature is how it lands. When you press the Land button in the Lily tracker, the drone will automatically fly to you. You can then reach out your hand, gently tap the bot s underside, and it will instantly power down. It s like calling your falcon back to you, except you don t need to feed it a mouse afterward.

The Lily Camera s optimal range is between 10 and 30 feet from its tracking device. The drone can reach speeds of up to 25 miles per hour, so even if you re a particularly fast skater, the Lily Camera shouldn t have much trouble keeping up with you.

If, for some reason, the Lily Camera gets too far from you, it will automatically enter hover mode and stay put until it reconnects with your tracker.

The Lily Camera also offers a long battery life, lasting up to 20 minutes in the air. And like most modern quads, the Lily will land itself if you try to run down its battery.

The Lily Camera is available to pre-order today for $499 at www.lily.camera. The drone officially ships in February 2016 at a retail price of $999.



Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-01-15
3 Things to Know Before Dismissing Yahoo Inc. Stock Want proof that most investors are short-term obsessed? Earlier this week CNBC ran a story about Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock falling 6% so far this year because shareholders are "spooked" by rumors that CEO Marissa Mayer would pursue ill-advised acquisitions.

Two things here. First, can we please remember that Yahoo stock has more than tripled since the beginning of Mayer's reign? And second, we're just 15 days into the new year, people. Fifteen freaking days. If you're freaking out about any of your holdings falling 6% over two weeks -- or even a few hours -- you shouldn't be investing in stocks.

The only question worth asking here is whether Yahoo stock can continue to beat the market over the next 3-5 years. I think it can. Here's why.

The mobile opportunity is massive

A bad search deal with Microsoft coupled with a weak display advertising market has held Yahoo back for years. That's still true, but the tide is turning.

In Q3, Yahoo for the first time reported that search and display revenue from mobile apps and devices exceeded $200 million -- a "material" result. For the full year, Mayer and her team are targeting at $700 million in GAAP revenue from mobile sources. An impressive result when you consider that analysts are expecting Yahoo to report $4.4 billion in 2014 revenue after traffic acquisition costs. (The company will announce fourth-quarter and full-year results after the bell on Jan. 27.)

And yet Yahoo's mobile momentum shouldn't be surprising. The company's apps are enjoying strong support among users. Take Yahoo Weather, one of my personal favorites. The iOS version nabbed an Apple design award last year and gets 4.5 stars out of more than 93,000 ratings. The Android version nets 4.4 stars from over 711,000 ratings.

I've also come to depend on news notifications from the Yahoo app on my Android phone, use Yahoo Sports for fantasy football, and have Yahoo Finance as one of a handful of go-tos for tracking stocks on both my phone and my iPad.

Many more like me are out there. Yahoo reported 550 million mobile active users in the third quarter, up an estimated 17% over the past year. That's strong growth which, given time, should more than compensate for weakness in other areas.

Content is king, and Yahoo is getting more of it

Yet Mayer isn't stopping at mobile. She and her team have made and continue to make big investments in original content and programming, including bringing back the cult hit Community for a sixth season. New episodes will become available March 17 on Yahoo Screen.

Other moves include the new digital magazines Yahoo Tech, Yahoo Style, and Yahoo Health, among others, and hiring well-known celebrities for original programming. For example, Katie Couric hosts a regular news show as Yahoo's "Global News Anchor".

These initiatives come as the lines between traditional and online media continues to blur. At Sunday's Golden Globe awards, two streaming-only programs earned top awards from the Hollywood Foreign Press. Amazon.com's Transparent won for best musical or comedy with star Jeffrey Tambor taking home the Globe for best performance by an actor in the same category. Netflix's House of Cards also scored with Kevin Spacey nabbing best performance by an actor in a drama series. Yahoo is investing in a market that's ready for more edgy and interesting digital programming.

How Alibaba plays into it

Finally, I need to point out that -- thanks in part to its huge stake in Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) -- investors buying now are getting at least $32.12 a share in tangible book value, according to S&P Capital IQ estimates.

What that means, simply, is that roughly no less than two-thirds of Yahoo's present value is denominated in cash, held investments, and other assets that can be liquidated. Growth isn't part of the equation. Is that fair? I suppose it would be were there no hope that Mayer will bring back growth, and yet the numbers above paint a different picture.

Meanwhile, the key executives betting on Yahoo's future have plenty to lose if they're wrong. Co-founder David Filo returned to the board of directors last year and remains the company's largest single investor with about 7.5% of the shares outstanding. Mayer, too, has a sizable stake with 2.3 million directly held shares and another 3.18 million in to-be-exercised stock options.

Yahoo stock may be down slightly year-to-date but it's way too soon to count this business out. If anything, the transformation that Mayer promised upon joining the company in 2012 is just getting started. Yahoo will move its Santa Monica office to Playa Vista this fall Yahoo Inc. is moving its Santa Monica operations to Playa Vista, joining the droves of major tech companies that have opened up offices in the thriving West L.A. neighborhood.

The Sunnyvale, Calif., company signed a long-term lease for about 130,000 square feet at the Collective Campus in Playa Vista. The move will bring at least 400 jobs from its current location in Santa Monica, with space to accommodate growth.

 We worked hard to identify the right office situation for Yahoo in Southern California to better match our space and collaboration needs,  Yahoo Chief Financial Officer Ken Goldman said in a statement.  While we have always had a presence in Southern California, working out of the city of Los Angeles is a priority for us now more than ever."

Goldman said the company chose Playa Vista because of its "access to talent" as well as the culture of the area. The move is scheduled to happen in the fall.

Yahoo is just the latest company to join the burgeoning tech hub in Playa Vista.

Microsoft Corp. opened a roughly 20,000-square-foot space in Playa Vista in 2013 to house 130 employees who had previously been in downtown L.A. Facebook Inc. has operations nearby. The neighborhood boasts the headquarters of online advertising platform Rubicon Project, consumer electronics and accessories maker Belkin International and ICANN, the nonprofit organization that is responsible for assigning Internet domains.

Playa Vista is also home to USC's Institute for Creative Technologies, which has attracted several top virtual reality researchers. The institute is where Oculus Rift founder Palmer Luckey once worked as a designer.

And in the biggest announcement yet, Google last month spent nearly $120 million on 12 vacant acres next to a historic hangar where aviator Howard Hughes built his famous "Spruce Goose" airplane in the Playa Vista neighborhood near Marina del Rey. The land is zoned for nearly 900,000 square feet of commercial space that could house offices or studios, vastly more room than Google now occupies in a handful of buildings in Los Angeles County.

Google is also expected to lease the Hughes hangar built in 1943. The 319,000-square-foot building has recently housed sound stages for movie and television production.

Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti has been aggressively pushing to make L.A. a tech power player. His Office of Economic Development worked closely with Yahoo to encourage the company to make the move.

"I'm proud that Yahoo is moving to Los Angeles and sending a strong message to the business community that our city is where the next big thing is going to be,  Garcetti said. "This move proves that L.A. is accelerating as a center of technology and entertainment."

The Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp. recently released a report showing that the area's local tech sector is thriving, with more high-tech jobs (368,600) than Boston-Cambridge, Santa Clara County and New York City.

The report also showed that the direct high-tech workforce generated $32 billion in wages in 2013, accounting for 16.8% of all wages paid in L.A. County.

Follow Andrea Chang on Twitter. Capital Markets Group Of The Year: Skadden PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-09-08
Why Yahoo's CEO may be sending the wrong message to women in tech She s done it again. Marissa Mayer, perhaps the highest profile female CEO in the world, once again announced her pregnancy in the same breath as her intention not to let it get in the way of her job . Three years ago , Mayer took a two - week  working  leave upon giving birth to her son. She intends to take the same approach this year after she gives birth to twins. However, I m a bit surprised she would choose to approach both pregnancies the same way. I sure didn t.

When I gave birth to my first child in July of 2012, I took only four days of maternity leave. My company, Piazza , a social learning platform used by professors and students, had just emerged from beta, and we were entering our most important sign-up period of the year. Given the state of the product, I believed that taking a proper leave would crush the company. I had invested too much to let us fail, as had my investors. I did what I felt I had to do: I resumed full-speed ahead as though no baby had just vaulted from my body. The company thrived. Emotionally and physically, I did not. I was miserable, emotional and unpleasant.

When I had my second child last December, I vowed to do things differently. I even declared in a Fortune article that with my second pregnancy I d take a whopping 30 - day leave . Honestly, that s a lot for a CEO. Or so I thought. A s the 30-day mark neared, I realized I still wasn t ready to return. So I took an additional two weeks. During my time off, I was completely confident that all would be fine at Piazza. I had trained and empowered highly capable deputies -- including a stellar COO, herself a mother of two young children -- to lead in my absence.

Once I did return, I determined my own hours : working mornings and nights, often popping in at home during the day to nurse and visit my daughter. I kept business travel to a minimum, and wasn t afraid to rely on the support system I had assembled of loving family and friends. My company did not fall apart . In fact , it s performing better than ever . I showed my employees not only that mental and physical health is important , but that I trusted them in my absence to advance the initiatives we had so carefully designed together.

Of course, w e can t all be CEOs who set their own schedules, and most people don t enjoy the amazing support infrastructure I ve been blessed with. However, at least in the technology sector for skilled professionals, the job market is hot. This is a real advantage for working parents. Suddenly, companies that offered only the legal minimums on maternity leave -- like Yahoo ( yhoo ) did until Mayer improved them in 2013 -- are now competing on matters of family friendliness, offering benefits like milk shipping , flying nannies and "luxe" (by U . S . standards) extended parental leave benefits ( now up to a year in length ) .

So, this brings me to a word of caution for Mayer: while it s completely up to her, her spouse and their doctor to determine how much and what type of maternity leave she wants and needs, I would urge her to consider the recruiting repercussions of her decisions among the millions of other factors mothers-to-be at the helm must contend with.

At a time when m ost technology companies are competing fiercely for talent -- especially for female and diverse talent -- her own example could send a powerful and/or potentially damaging message to current and prospective employees. Studies show that nearly half of all female STEM professionals leave their careers early due to a perceived incompatibility of work and family demands. Tech workers grappling with parenthood may see Marissa s approach as the standard and leave the workforce entirely, unwilling to make that kind of sacrifice themselves; or they may see her example and simply walk (run!) away from Yahoo into the delighted embrace of another employer offering credible enticements of work-life balance.

I know for a fact that Piazza has benefitted from walking the walk of a more flexible work-life balance. One of my employees recently gave birth to her fourth child. Before maternity leave, she worked 20 hours a week. Once her son was two months old, she decided to ease her way back to work, opting for a five-hour work week -- for now. Whenever she s ready to return to her regular hours, we ll be delighted to have her. I strongly believe that our willingness to do what most company executives shockingly still refuse to do -- accommodate working parents  needs -- is a huge competitive advantage for us in the talent wars.



To be sure, it s unrealistic for the CEO of a major company -- or any high growth or high visibility firm -- to take a lengthy parental leave. As lovely as it sounds, that s not why chief executives are compensated the way they are. All of that said, more company executives should be exemplifying and fostering work environments that not only enable, but also encourage employees to take the time they need so they can return to their jobs focused and contented. Even if they don t feel an obligation to do it on the human e level , they should think about the impact on the business. Given the escalating race for talent, as well as increased scrutiny on the tech sector s recruitment and retention of women, accommodating parents has become an outright business imperative.

Pooja Sankar is the founder and CEO of Piazza. What the Team at Yahoo Wears to Work It may have launched as a simple search engine nearly 20 years ago, but the Yahoo of today is an entirely different animal: it's a media and online powerhouse, with sites devoted to Travel, Style, and Beauty. We stopped by the company's San Francisco and New York City headquarters to see what employees wear to work across all departments   from marketing to product management and everything in between. See their looks, and learn more about the office culture at the tech giant below.

Alexandra Perron, Yahoo Beauty Editor, is wearing a jacket by The Arrivals, an Everlane top, a Tibi skirt, Alexander Wang shoes, and NARS Velvet Matte Lip Pencil in Mysterious Red.



You slept through your snooze button. What s your grab-and-go outfit for rushed mornings?

An oversized white button down (I love the ones at Uniqlo), a pair of black skinny jeans, and a simple black pump or pointed toe flat. A swipe of red lipstick also makes up for the fact that I ve overslept!



Who's your ultimate style icon?

I have always loved Emmanuelle Alt s style. She s simple, sophisticated, and is never carrying a bag. How is that possible?! One day, I will live a bag free life.



What is your beauty routine like?

I won t leave the house without an SPF. Right now I m using Tatcha s Pore Perfecting Sunscreen. I use Bobbi Brown s Tinted Eye Brightener to hide any dark circles and apply her Skin Foundation Stick with a brush wherever I have redness   I ve learned a lot about doing my own makeup by having Bobbi as a boss! I use Benefit Brow Zings to fill in my brows, and set them with Marc Jacobs Brow Tamer Grooming Gel in clear.

I like a natural looking pink cheek, so I ll use Tata Harper Volumizing Lip & Cheek Tint in Very Charming and apply it with my fingers to the apples of my cheeks. I went all summer without wearing any mascara thanks to an awesome set of lash extensions, but they ve hit their expiration date so I m currently wearing Chantecaille Faux Cils Mascara. I love a red lip and my all time favorite is NARS Velvet Matte Lip Pencil in Mysterious Red. My hair routine is centered on one key ingredient: sea salt spray. My favorite is John Masters Organics Sea Mist.

Mimmie Huang, Sr. Product Manager, is wearing an Anthropologie dress, Rag & Bone boots, a Kate Spade wallet, a Gorjana bracelet, a Maya Brenner necklace, and a Cartier wedding band.



Which item in your closet is the most meaningful to you, and why?

I have a red qipao, which is a traditional Chinese dress. It's my most treasured item of clothing, since it was designed just for me by my talented cousin who used to intern for Vera Wang. It's a one-of-a-kind piece and also her wedding present to me. It represents so much of my culture and is also quite fashionable, with its intricate embroidery and side slit to show off the legs.

What s your shopping guilty pleasure?

My shopping guilty pleasure is buying tons of clothes for my two-year-old daughter, despite knowing that she'll quickly grow out of them. She already has her own personal style. We shop online together at H&M, Zara, and Baby Gap and she points out the things she wants. I can't help but get them for her!

What's your favorite place to buy clothes?

I tend to shop online, with my go-tos being Anthropologie, Madewell, and ASOS. I've also recently become a fan of Trunk Club   I'm helping beta test their new version for women. It's a subscription service where they pair you with a stylist and send you a "trunk" of clothes hand picked for you. You just send back anything you don't like. It's fun and super convenient for someone with a busy work schedule and an active toddler.



Which three websites (other than Yahoo) do you check every day?

Pinterest, TechCrunch, and Uncrate.



How has your style changed since working at Yahoo?

Not much, but I have been admiring all the great outfits our CEO, Marissa Mayer, wears.

Sven Drummer, Director of Product Management, is wearing Welcome Stranger and Copin Designs shirts, John Varvatos jeans, Dr. Martens shoes, and Theo glasses.

Who's your ultimate style icon?

Noelle, my wife.



Which item in your closet is the most meaningful to you, and why?

Our old cat decided that my closet is her retirement home. She has her own little house in one of the shelves. Nothing else in there is more important.



What s your shopping guilty pleasure?

Music, books, and I have far too many headphones.



What s one piece of clothing that you ll never throw out?

I have some classic leather jackets that I will probably keep forever.

Where's your favorite place to buy clothes?

Europe. But I also have quite a few clothes from local designers from Oakland and San Francisco.

Amanda Chan, Yahoo Health Deputy Editor, is wearing a Banana Republic jumpsuit, Rebels shoes, an Apple Watch, Catbird ring, and vintage and Madewell bracelets.

What s your personal style philosophy?

Whatever you re wearing, feel good wearing it. I love wearing things that make me smile   whether it s because they're fun, they feel like "me," or because they give me an added boost of confidence. It s easier to be in a good mental space when you re not also feeling self-conscious or not-yourself because of what you're wearing.



Which item in your closet is the most meaningful to you, and why?

This is going to be such an obvious answer, but my wedding dress! My mom and I bought it this summer at a place that only sells sample dresses   meaning, you don't have to order the dress and wait months for it to come in, you just take it with you at the end of your appointment. It now has a nice little home in my closet (well, "little," meaning it now encompasses half of my closet), until it gets brought out for the big day next spring.



What s your shopping guilty pleasure?

I ve always been a sucker for dresses, and here's proof. In college, I once did a self-challenge where I wore a different dress every day for a month and documented it on a blog. I certainly don't need any more dresses in my wardrobe, but if there s a cute one on sale, it s hard for me to turn it down because I have a (very unfortunate) knack for justifying unnecessary purchases.

Which clothing item can you never have too much of?

Shoes (said every New York City woman ever). But hear me out: I m a fast and heavy walker (I not only speed walk, but I sound like an elephant while I do it), so I wear out the soles of my shoes fairly quickly. This presents a pretty easy opportunity to rationalize needing a new pair of sandals when I purchased a pair just the week before.

Brittany Jones-Cooper, Yahoo Travel Editor, is wearing a Cloth & Stone shirt, Mango pants, Aldo shoes, a Bulavo watch, flea market bracelets, and a Topshop ring and necklaces.



What s your personal style philosophy?

Simplicity is important to me. I'd rather be defined by my words and ideas than by what I'm wearing, so I typically avoid clothes that distract or attract attention. With that said, when I want people to take notice, I have a few statement outfits.



What s one piece of clothing that you ll never throw out?

I used to be Katie Couric's assistant, and she gave me this Armani dress when she was editing her closet. I really have no where to wear it, but I love it.



Who's your ultimate style icon?

This sounds so nerdy, but Mary Tyler Moore. I grew up watching her on Nick at Night, and I always thought she looked so classic. In The Dick Van Dyke show she wore ankle length pants and simple tops. Since I was wearing high waters long before they were cool, I connected to her style. She also wore some pretty awesome outfits on The Mary Tyler Moore Show.

What s the best fashion lesson you ve learned over the years?

In my early twenties I learned how to dress professionally at work when I was on a budget. Start with pants, and tops in basic colors so that are interchangeable. If you like something, buy two. Style-wise, if it's tight on the bottom, wear something lose on top   and vice versa. Oh, and don't follow trends. I love that no one expects me to wear a crop top.

Julie Triolo, Head of Business Marketing and Media & Sponsorships, is wearing a Les Copains blouse and vest, BCBG Max Azria pants, Pour La Victoire shoes, Tom Ford glasses, Carolyn Colby earrings, an Anthropologie ring, and an OVERT tech case.



Who's your ultimate style icon?

I like to source inspiration from fashion bloggers like Laura Ellner, who's always effortlessly chic. I also love Anita Bosio's contemporary minimalism style. She'll definitely be one to watch.



What s the best part about working at Yahoo?

It's a fun, dynamic environment where you're encouraged to express yourself. The people are what make it special. I've forged a lot of meaningful relationships with wonderful, smart colleagues.



Which three websites (other than Yahoo) do you check every day?

VICE, Bloomberg, NYTNow.



Has your style changed since working at Yahoo?

Since I've been with Yahoo, I have migrated from San Francisco to New York. This has influenced my personal style a bit as I've found that you can never be too edgy in New York. In California I embraced a modern, more laid-back style, and now I like to be adventurous and take some risks when it comes to fashion. I think it's fun to explore and play with different looks and seasonality plays a big role in the ability to take on multiple transformations over the course of a year.



What is your beauty routine like?

Wash face, blow dry hair (love Oribe hair products), eyeliner from Laura Mercier, mascara (can't live without Diorshow), and lip gloss.

Chris Kim, Yahoo Style Market Editor, is wearing a James Perse shirt, H&M jacket, A.P.C. jeans, Common Project shoes, Nixon watch, and Tiffany Bracelet.



You slept through your snooze button. What s your grab-and-go outfit for rushed mornings?

When I'm in a rush, my go-to outfit is usually my black skinny jeans with frayed hems that cuts right at the ankles and either a white or black crewneck tee from either Orlebar Brown or James Perse. I finish off the look with one of my many white sneakers which range from the classic Vans to the oh so popular Common Projects. Since I probably haven't had a cup of coffee, I shield my eyes with a pair of black classic Oliver People sunglasses.



What s your shopping guilty pleasure?

Currently, my guilty pleasures are my white sneakers! I can't seem to get enough. My collection ranges from Common Projects to Golden Gooses to Saint Laurent, but since I'm a So Cal boy at heart, I'll always have a pair of Vans somewhere in my closet.



What s one piece of clothing that you ll never throw out?

Those have to be my A.P.C. Petit Standard Jeans. They just get better with age.



Who's your ultimate style icon?

I've always been drawn to classic American figures like Paul Newman, Marlon Brando, and Steve McQueen. Their looks are always so effortless and timeless.

What s the best fashion lesson you ve learned over the years?

Looking back, some of my fashion choices were a bit questionable. But, I don't regret any of them since they were all lessons to be learned. One thing that I've learned through my years in fashion is that you need to wear the clothes and not let them wear you. Be confident in what you wear.

Kelly Xu, Data Scientist, is wearing a Kate Spade dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, a Tag Heuer watch, Dogeared earrings, and a Tiffany & Co. ring and necklace.



How would you describe the office environment at Yahoo?

Busy yet organized. Everyone knows what they should do and tries to do their best. People are also very helpful to each other.



Which three websites (other than Yahoo) do you check every day?

Google news, Reddit, and Youtube.



Has your style changed since working at Yahoo?

No, but I try to be the influencer and encourage my coworkers to dress up once in a while.



What s the best fashion lesson you ve learned over the years?

Don't try to dress to impress other people. Dress to impress yourself. Docker Appoints Mike Gupta as New Chief Financial Officer SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Docker Inc., the sponsor of the open platform for distributed applications, today announced that former Twitter executive Mike Gupta has joined Docker as its new chief financial officer (CFO). Gupta brings to Docker an extensive background in corporate finance, treasury, investment and operations in addition to a long history of scaling high-growth companies. Gupta s more than 20 years of financial leadership at industry-leading companies such as Twitter, Zynga and Yahoo will serve Docker as it ascends into the next phase of its rapid development. Docker has appointed former CFO Eric Bardin to the newly-created role of senior vice president (SVP) of finance and business operations, where he will focus on financial planning and analysis (FP&A), expanding Docker s corporate infrastructure, both domestically and overseas, and mergers and acquisitions.

 We re very fortunate to have Mike join Docker, bringing with him a deep knowledge of what is needed to transform the explosive demand for Docker s platform into a financially strong business,  said Ben Golub, CEO of Docker.  Mike s previous success leading financial teams in high growth, industry-leading companies will be invaluable as we evolve our commercial business and continue to expand the Docker project. Mike is an excellent addition to the executive team, adding the strategic financial oversight and strong operational support needed to support our long-term business objectives. 

Before joining Docker, Gupta was SVP of strategic investments at Twitter, where he ran Twitter Ventures. Before taking on this role, he served as Twitter s CFO, during which he led the company through its very successful IPO. Prior to joining Twitter, Gupta was SVP, finance and treasurer at Zynga, Inc. where he ran several finance functions including investor relations, FP&A, treasury and corporate finance. Prior to that, Gupta spent eight years at Yahoo! Inc. in a variety of financial roles, most recently as SVP of corporate development, finance and treasury.

 It is an honor to join a company that is disrupting the software industry and changing the way organizations bring applications to market,  Gupta said.  I look forward to working with the Docker team to ensure we are financially well positioned and yet nimble so that we can continue to innovate. 

 We would also like to thank Eric Bardin for his unrelenting focus on building a strong financial foundation for the company and instilling a fiscal discipline that leaves us well-positioned for the future,  continued Golub.  He provided incredible leadership as we transitioned our business model from dotCloud to Docker, completed all financing rounds from seed to series D, executed all of our acquisitions to date, and enabled us to expand our staff from 5 to over 180 employees. Thanks to Eric s leadership, Docker is well-positioned to make the strategic investments necessary to progress our business. 

Learn More

About Docker, Inc.

Docker, Inc. is the company behind the Docker open source platform, and is the chief sponsor of the Docker ecosystem. Docker is an open platform for developers and system administrators to build, ship and run distributed applications. With Docker, IT organizations shrink application delivery from months to minutes, frictionlessly move workloads between data centers and the cloud and can achieve up to 20X greater efficiency in their use of computing resources. Inspired by an active community and by transparent, open source innovation, Docker containers have been downloaded more than 700 million times and Docker is used by millions of developers across thousands of the world s most innovative organizations, including eBay, Baidu, the BBC, Goldman Sachs, Groupon, ING, Yelp, and Spotify. Docker s rapid adoption has catalyzed an active ecosystem, resulting in more than 180,000  Dockerized  applications, over 40 Docker-related startups and integration partnerships with AWS, Cloud Foundry, Google, IBM, Microsoft, OpenStack, Rackspace, Red Hat and VMware.

Docker, Inc. is venture backed by AME Cloud Ventures, Benchmark, Coatue, Goldman Sachs, Greylock Partners, Insight Venture Partners, Northern Trust, Sequoia Capital, SV Angel , Trinity Ventures and Y Combinator. 
2015-05-25
Why Alibaba Should Buy Yahoo, Right Now  Is That Crowdfunding Campaign Really Just a Scam? Crowdfunding platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo have changed how tech products come to market, but not always for the better.

Sometimes they let people with great ideas find backers who help turn the ideas into realities. But many would-be tech entrepreneurs make promises they simply can t keep, and naive investors who think they re getting a great deal end up getting the shaft.

Related: 10 Things You Need to Know Before You Invest in That Crazy Crowdfunding Scheme

When you decide to fund a product that doesn t yet exist, you re essentially placing a bet on the people behind it   one that often fails to pay off. While there are ways to minimize your risk (see below), it s often hard to pick the winners from the losers, especially at the outset.

Today s lesson in crowdfunding failures: the Soap router.

Washout

Soap was going to be the ultimate Wi-Fi router. It would talk to every connected device in your home and let you control them from your phone. You d change settings on the fly using its built-in touchscreen. It would thwart hackers and stop malware in its tracks. Easy-to-use parental controls would keep your kids safe from the dark side of the Net. And it would cost just $200.



A mockup of the Soap router on its wireless charging pad. (Photo: Indiegogo)

Soap was such an attractive idea that its inventors, Alex and Brandon Jones of Monument, Colo., raised just over $142,000 for it on Kickstarter in January 2014. A few months later, the brothers launched a virtually identical crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo, this time raking in $260,000 from more than 2,200 backers.

Then doubts about the campaign began to surface. Shortly after the Kickstarter campaign ended, Alex Jones filed for personal bankruptcy. After the Indiegogo campaign concluded, he allegedly posted a picture of his new BMW convertible on Facebook and then deleted it. (Yahoo Tech located an archived copy of the photo but was unable to confirm its authenticity.)

Here s the BMW photo that Soap co-founder Alex Jones allegedly posted to Facebook two days after his second crowdfunding campaign concluded. (Photo: Facebook)

In January 2015, Alex Jones published a lengthy  press release  detailing his bankruptcy, addiction to Vicodin, run-ins with the law, and current efforts at recovery. He also announced that his company would no longer be building a router; instead, it would market a mobile app that would allow users to control their smart-home devices. Jones then launched another Indiegogo campaign for the app; it raised a paltry $2,029.

Read More 
2015-01-07
Google Loses Most Search Share Since 2009 While Yahoo Gains Google Inc. s dominance of the U.S. Internet search market slipped last month in the biggest drop since 2009 while Yahoo! Inc. posted its largest share gain, as the companies grappled with the fallout of a search deal on Firefox browsers.

Google s slice of the U.S. search market fell to 75.2 percent in December from 79.3 percent a year ago, while Yahoo jumped to 10.4 percent from 7.4 percent, according to analytics firm StatCounter. That put Google at its smallest share of the U.S. Web search market since at least 2008, when StatCounter first started tracking the numbers, and the highest share for Yahoo since 2009.

The changes were spurred by a deal in November where Yahoo replaced Google as the default search engine on Firefox browsers in the U.S. Google had been the automatic search option for Firefox, which was developed by Mountain View, California-based Mozilla Corp., since 2004.

 The move by Mozilla has had a definite impact on U.S. search,  StatCounter Chief Executive Officer Aodhan Cullen said.  The question now is whether Firefox users switch back to Google. 

Firefox users represented slightly more than 12 percent of U.S. Internet usage in December, according to StatCounter.

Representatives from Yahoo and Google declined to comment.

Topped Out?

The share gain is good news for Yahoo as CEO Marissa Mayer pushes for more partnerships to boost the Sunnyvale, California-based company s traffic and revenue.

Yet it may be the biggest bump the Web portal gets, given that Firefox has been struggling to keep up with rivals, said Danny Sullivan, founding editor of Marketing Land & Search Engine Land. Google also has a Web browser called Chrome.

 I doubt Google needs to worry. For one, that s probably the high water mark,  Sullivan said in an e-mail.  Unless Firefox suddenly grows share, everyone who likely could get switched has been now. And Google might claw back even the small share gone.  Oil traders in Europe are amazingly still addicted to Yahoo instant messenger Some people have a thing for retro technology. And then there are the commodities traders in Europe who are really stuck in a digital time warp.

Forget Slack or Skype these traders use Yahoo Messenger, which launched nearly 20 years ago and has been largely forgotten in the ensuing years. But many traders in oil, gold, and other commodities are so fervent that they sometimes refuse to communicate any other way. Yahoo IDs are still printed on some of their business cards.

Because Yahoo s service is perfect for the job of exchanging information about prices, market rumors, and gossip? Perhaps. But mainly they use it because, way back when instant messaging was new, Yahoo was first.

In the early 2000s, modern commodity trading was also a fledgling business, developing rapidly alongside a boom that was brought about by increased demand from developing economies (and only slowed by the subsequent financial crisis.) Some people didn t yet have an email address, and the phone was king. Traders called each other to swap tips, and rang up brokers for price quotes.

Yahoo had set up a service that allowed users to chat in real time, launching its instant messenger service under the name Yahoo Pager in 1998.

AOL had brought out its chat service, AIM, the year before, but Yahoo was still ahead of the curve. MSN didn t enter the fray with its Messenger Service, integrated with Hotmail, until 1999, and Skype came on the scene only in 2003. Google released Google Talk, sometimes called Gchat, in 2005. Several other chat services came and went.

Yahoo s messenger was  the only one really around [and I] guess it was the easiest to use then,  says one retired trader who was working in oil at the time. Now that everyone s on the same system, it s too much hassle to change, he tells Quartz via Yahoo Messenger.

Though the trader recently stopped working for a large oil firm, he didn t want to be named. Old habits die hard, and traders who communicate with journalists on the Yahoo platform repeatedly request that their names and companies must never be revealed, else they risk losing their jobs.

Brokers and analysts use Yahoo as well. One broker says he sends out price updates to hundreds of contacts and chats to  50-odd daily. 

 Yahoo is ingrained into the financial services sector everyone who has used it for years and has a big list of contacts won t be willing to change,  says an oil analyst, who used to trade. This is despite increasing competition from the messaging services of Bloomberg and Reuters, he says.

Since the mid 2000s, the former trader said, instant messenger accounts have been subject to more scrutiny than when they first came on the scene.

 Most companies monitor the chats  and record them,  the trader said, adding that banks were the first to start keeping tabs on their traders  instant communications, followed by the big energy companies, and now  mostly everyone.  A 2013 scandal surrounding the privacy of chats on Bloomberg s terminals increased the oversight.

Another oil trader says that he s seen a move back towards voice, and though phone calls were probably monitored as well, messaging is  likely less secure.  The trader says he still uses Yahoo every day, though.

Traders complain of bugs with Yahoo Messenger. But one reason for switching back to the phone can t be blamed on technology.  Sometimes you get bored of typing,  the recently retired trader said. This iPhone-Charging Bluetooth Speaker Case Means You Have Two Fewer Things to ... (Yahoo Tech)

With the popularity boom of mini Bluetooth boomboxes, we ve all been suckered in to adding yet another gadget to our tech travel bags. California startup Peri, however, wants to spare us from packing that and a charger with its new Duo smartphone speaker case.

Offering both stereo sound amplification and a built-in external battery, the hard-shelled Duo case could become the most useful smartphone accessory you own.

Duo can receive sound from your phone by way of Bluetooth or direct Wi-Fi transmission (it works with Apple s AirPlay, too), so you can pop the case off your device and still enjoy music or podcasts. Additional peer-to-peer Wi-Fi multicast functionality also allows for a single device to broadcast simultaneously to multiple Duos at once, perfect for tailgating or group workouts, the company says.

The Duo s power supply is a solid 2,500 mAh (about 1.4 times the size of the iPhone 6 s battery), which provides about four to six hours of audio playback. While the Duo is attached to your phone, you can tap into that power reservoir for an emergency charge by simply pressing a button on the case.

Duo phone case More

(Yahoo Tech)

The quality of sound offered by these early versions of the Duo was short of the Beats Pill or JBL Flip Bluetooth speakers, but the company says there is still some EQ fine-tuning to be done before the product hits consumers. It was certainly loud; that much we can attest to.

And since these prototype Duos, which we saw in three color options for both the iPhone 5/5s and iPhone 6, were individually 3D-printed, we can t say too much about the build of the cases themselves (though they were surprisingly light). The retail versions will be mass manufactured differently.

Duo phone case More

(Yahoo Tech)

Duo Android smartphone cases, as well as other wireless speaker accessories by Peri, are all in the works, the company says.

The Indiegogo campaign for Peri s Duo was launched just before the holidays but has already met more than half its funding goal. You can still pledge a contribution on the company s page to get a Duo for at early-bird rate of $79 when they ship this spring. Projected retail price for the case is $139.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean. Apple Inc (AAPL), Google Inc (GOOGL): Mobile App Usage Up 76% In 2014 Mobile is still growing, and very fast with a new twist in 2014. It isn t all fun and games anymore. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s iOS platform and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Android recorded the most growth in mobile activities last year according to the latest data by Yahoo Flurry. The overall growth in mobile app usage was up 76% compared with the previous year.

Big gains in Shopping Category for Apple and Android

In 2014, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s Flurry data signaled another explosive year of growth in the mobile space, signaling a continuation of year-over-year growth in the segment over the past few years. Android and iOS continued growth in 2014, with shopping sessions in the two environments  apps rising 174% compared with the previous year. Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Android alone saw a 220% increase in usage in the shopping category in 2014.

 As our mobile devices become more and more a part of our everyday lives, we are increasingly using them for always-on shopping, working, and communication,  stated Simon Khalaf, Yahoo s VP of Flurry Products.

Not just Games Anymore

Unlike in the past when games and entertainment supported growth in mobile app usage, a major shift has been noted. Mobile users are increasingly getting down to work rather than just playing games on their devices. While growth in Games continues, that growth slowed from 61% in 2013 to 30% in 2014. Music, Media and Entertainment also saw a similar drop as growth went from 79% to 33%. Shopping, Utilities and Productivity fueled growth in 2014 with app usage in Utilities and Productivity increasing 121% over 2013.

Mobile messaging fuels growth

The usage of mobile messaging apps also remains strong with triple-digit growth recorded in 2014, making it another key driver of mobile growth. The ability to do more with messaging apps appears to be one good reason for the increasing popularity of such apps on mobile.

Flurry noted that the availability of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) s Office Suite on multiple mobile platforms also contributed significantly to mobile growth. Microsoft currently offers Office on Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Android and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s iOS platforms.

The explosive growth of mobile apps in 2014 can also be attributed to the big shift to mobile among retailers. As concerning mobile shopping behavior patterns, Flurry noted that most people use their smartphone for shopping when they are away during the day but some also shop all night through the wee hours of the morning.

Yahoo Flurry

Yahoo Flurry touted that it tracked 2.079 trillion sessions in 2014, and on New Years Eve set another daily sesion record with 8.5 billion sessions. The company touted the result to people celebrating the New Year chatting, sharing, looking for rides, and navigating New Year s Eve. 
2015-11-23
Yahoo Mail Tried to Block Ad Blockers, And it Might Have Backfired A Yahoo! fantasy football jersey hangs next to a workspace in the Global Service Desk area of the the company's Lockport Data Center in Lockport, New York on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014

A Yahoo! fantasy football jersey hangs next to a workspace in the Global Service Desk area of the the company's Lockport Data Center in Lockport, New York on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014 Photograph by Bloomberg via Getty Images

Some people who logged into their Yahoo Mail accounts last week were greeted with an ultimatum: "Please disable Ad Blocker to continue using Yahoo Mail." These users were unable to access their email accounts until they turned off their ad blockers or found a workaround for the problem.

The message is not a new policy, but was part of a trial, a Yahoo spokesman told Engadget over the weekend. A "small number" of Yahoo Mail users were prevented from accessing their email accounts because Yahoo detected they had an ad blocker installed on their computer. The message was most likely a result from an A/B test, a technique in which technology companies push changes to a small number of people to gauge user reaction before deploying them widely.

Affected users complained about the test on the Adblock Plus forums. Yahoo's mail service is the eighth most-used email client, behind Google ( goog ) Gmail, Microsoft ( msft ) Outlook, and the built-in mail clients on iPhone and Android. After news of Yahoo's trial spread online, several Yahoo Mail users publicly declared on social media they planned to cease using Yahoo's email service.

The trial is part of a growing trend: Websites that rely on advertising revenue are increasingly locking out users if they choose to use an ad blocker. Yahoo ( yhoo ) joins The Washington Post and Hulu as part of the growing list of websites that block users with ad blockers. Others, including NFL team sites, The Guardian, and The Atlantic also detect ad blockers, but instead merely ask visitors to donate the site or turn their ad blockers off.

Although only 16% of web users in the United States block ads according to one estimate , the topic remains a source of anxiety for businesses and individuals who make money on the web. Using a blocker on ad-supported websites has been compared to eating at a restaurant without paying. Fortune's Mathew Ingram has argued that while using an ad blocker might be a "rational response" to invasive online ads, it's also a "scorched-earth approach" that puts publishers at risk.

Most ad-blockers are installed on desktop computers, so as more people began to use mobile browsers it looked like ad-blocker use might fall off. But earlier this year mobile Safari, the default browser on the iPhone, gained the ability to install third-party ad-blockers, a feature Apple ( appl ) calls "content blocking." One study expects the online ad-industry could lose $1 billion per year due to mobile ad-blocking.

Yahoo's primary revenue stream is advertising, which means that it is among the companies with the most to lose when its users opt for ad-blocking software. That's one of the reasons why Yahoo decided to trial blocking ad blockers, and one reason it may still go ahead and implement its new change more widely, despite complaints.

For more on Yahoo, watch this Fortune video:

Subscribe to Data Sheet , Fortune s daily newsletter on the business of technology. Diallo attracts a crowd THE RIVALS150: 2016 | 2017

NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- The highest ranked and available player at the National Prep Showcase, five-star junior shooting guard The highest ranked and available player at the National Prep Showcase, five-star junior shooting guard Hamidou Diallo , can draw a crowd.

Even though he has grown accustomed to attracting high profile coaches like Kentucky 's John Calipari and Connecticut 's Kevin Ollie on Saturday night, the 6-foot-4 star at Putnam (Conn.) Science Academy still wants to impress when guys like that walk into the gym.

While the No. 12 ranked player in the class of 2017 was excited to get high profile visitors, he was also frustrated that he couldn't play to his full potential. Between battling back from injuries to his Achilles and thumb and Putnam winning in a romp, Diallo only got to play 13 minutes while scoring eight points.

"I definitely notice when guys like Coach Calipari and Coach Ollie are out there," Diallo said. "I was a little excited, but then again I had to think about my injuries so coach sat me down. We don't want my injuries to lead to something bigger.

"It was definitely frustrating. I wanted to put on a show but I couldn't put on a show, so hopefully they come out to see me again."

Boston College, Florida, Louisville, Kansas, Indiana, Maryland, While UConn has offered, Kentucky hasn't yet made a scholarship offer. Others who have offered include Providence, St. John's, Alabama Syracuse , St. John's and many others. More recently Arizona and UNLV have looked to get involved with his recruiting.

While the stress of recruiting, dealing with nagging injuries and going to school could get to a high profile player like Diallo, he says that he deals with it by getting in the gym. He's added about 10 pounds of muscle since the end of the summer, has improved his jump shot and found a way to keep a positive attitude.

"I'm still enjoying the process," said Diallo. "I'm hearing out from coaches and seeing which coaches are real and which ones are telling me lies and stuff like that. I'm just really caught up in the process. They are definitely pressuring me hard and schools are trying to get me to commit left and right. I'm not worrying about that and I'm just focusing on playing hard and I'm not planning on making a decision anytime soon." Use iPhone's Secret Scientific Calculator We don t really know how to find the sine of an angle in a right triangle, but we can tell you where to go on your iPhone to do it.

If you open Apple s built-in calculator app, you ll find basic functions for adding and multiplying and such. But tilting your iPhone into landscape mode will expand the app to show scientific calculator functions. Sine, cosine, log, exponents   they ve all been there right under your nose this whole time!

So there you go. If you didn t already know that you can  count  on Yahoo Tech for quick and useful gadget tips, you should now.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Yahoo! Inc stops some users accessing emails in ad-blockers row- BBC - Reuters  
2015-10-19
Yahoo Executive Reses Said to Leave Company to Join Square One of the top lieutenants in Silicon Valley is leaving the side of one high-profile Internet executive in Marissa Mayer to join another, Jack Dorsey.

Jacqueline Reses is departing Yahoo! Inc., where she had been chief development officer, to join Dorsey s Square Inc., helping boost the startup s executive team while dealing a blow to the Web portal, according to people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified as the matter is private.

Jacqueline Reses, outgoing chief development officer of Yahoo! Inc. Source: Facebook

Reses  role changed earlier this year when she shifted her focus to Yahoo s spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. that is worth about $27 billion, a person familiar with the matter said in July.

The arrival of Reses comes after Dorsey was this month named permanent chief executive officer of Twitter Inc., a role he also holds at Square ahead of its initial public offering. Adding her leadership could help lighten the load for Dorsey amid concerns about his dual responsibilities.

Management Struggles

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Mayer, who has been at the helm of Yahoo for more than three years, has struggled to build a stable management team as the company lost ground to Google Inc., Facebook Inc. and others. Chief Marketing Officer Kathy Savitt, also hired under Mayer s leadership, left to join movie-studio STX Entertainment. Kevin Gentzel, head of North America ad sales, and Mike Kerns, senior vice president, both left for other companies as well.

Sarah Meron, a spokeswoman for Yahoo, declined to comment. Square didn t respond to a request for comment.

Reses s exit comes at a delicate time, as Yahoo is planning to spin off its stake of about 15 percent in Alibaba by the end of the year. Yahoo investors have assigned the majority of the company s stock value to its Asian assets with little left over for the Web portal s main business.

Yahoo said last month its board authorized the spinoff and the company is pushing ahead with the move, even though the U.S. Internal Revenue Service declined to grant an advance ruling blessing the deal, according to a filing. The agency is stepping up scrutiny of such transactions and indicated a decision isn t likely to be retroactive.

Reses was on Alibaba s board before the e-commerce operator s IPO and played a key role in building a stronger relationship between the companies. She joined Yahoo after previously working at Apax Partners and Goldman Sachs Group Inc.

Payments Dongle

Yahoo Senior Vice President Ian Weingarten, who oversees partnerships, had taken on corporate-development duties, including acquisitions, when Reses started focusing on the Alibaba spinoff, a person with knowledge of the matter said in July.

Square, a payments company known for its dongle that converts mobile phones into credit-card readers, was started in 2009. Last year, millions of mostly small merchants used its devices to process $23.8 billion in credit-card payments, which is about 10 percent of the volume processed by market-leader PayPal.

Dorsey s dual CEO roles mean he ll have to juggle the roadshow for Square while the social-media company is undergoing a reorganization and refocusing of its main services -- the website that lets people send and share 140-character messages. 
2015-08-02
Yahoo may have paid much more for Polyvore than some suggested  Google, Amazon show investors cost control is key Investors have started to reward Internet companies that can show both financial discipline and a path to long-term growth, making Amazon.com Inc. and Google Inc. the clear winners of the technology earnings season.

Google kept costs in check in the second quarter, and shareholders cheered with a 16-per-cent stock gain after the search giant released better-than-expected results. Amazon also surged after posting a surprise profit, demonstrating that the Web retailer is capable of making money when it puts a brake on spending.

 Internet investors are focused more on growth in users and revenue,  said Paul Sweeney, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence.  Amazon is the best example of this investor mindset. However, whenever a company throttles back its expenses and drives profits, as Amazon and Google did this quarter, investors are pleased and drive the stock higher. 

By contrast, Facebook Inc., which vowed to keep its brisk pace of investments to lure users and advertisers, fell after chief executive officer Mark Zuckerberg cooled down expectations about when apps such as WhatsApp, Instagram and Messenger could start making money on their own. LinkedIn Corp. and Twitter Inc. slumped over concerns that user growth is slowing. Microsoft Corp. posted its largest-ever quarterly loss. And Apple Inc. failed to meet analysts  predictions for iPhone sales and growth for the current quarter.

Technology companies in the Standard & Poor s 500 Index beat analysts  earnings estimates at a 71-per-cent pace so far in the season, data compiled by Bloomberg show. The rate is lower than for the S&P 500 index   at 74 per cent   with notable misses including Yahoo Inc. and Oracle Corp.

 The second quarter was very much a mixed bag,  Mr. Sweeney said.

Here s a look at the companies:

Google, Amazon

Google s shares surged after chief financial officer Ruth Porat signalled plans to bring more restraint to spending at the Internet search giant.

 The priority is revenue growth,  Ms. Porat said on a conference call after the report, her first at Google.  We have a breadth of opportunity, but pursuing revenue growth is obviously not inconsistent with expense management. 

For Amazon, a day of sales on July 15 to mark the company s 20th anniversary, called Prime Day, exceeded expectations. The promotion, designed to drive Prime membership sign-ups, generated orders surpassing Black Friday. Revenue for the company s cloud-services business rose 81 per cent year over year, and 49 per cent from the previous quarter.

On the cost side, operating expenses grew slower than sales, rising 17 per cent to $22.7-billion (U.S.), Seattle-based Amazon said. Spending on marketing and fulfilment centres were unchanged as a percentage of sales compared with a year earlier, according to Brian Olsavsky, Amazon s CFO.

Facebook, Microsoft

Facebook reported second-quarter revenue that beat analysts  estimates, but investors were disappointed by the growth of the company s applications that could be making billions on their own. The focus for the three apps   WhatsApp, Instagram and Messenger   was still on expanding their communities, Mr. Zuckerberg said. Messenger has 700 million users, more than double the size of Twitter; WhatsApp has 800 million; and Instagram has more than 300 million. Instagram started to sell advertising, but it s not going to have an impact on Facebook s bottom line for a long time, chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg said.

Microsoft posted its largest-ever quarterly loss and offered a disappointing sales forecast. Net loss amounted to $3.2-billion due to a $7.5-billion writedown of Microsoft s Nokia handset unit.

While revenue from Microsoft s cloud-computing business rose, sales of Windows to PC makers and corporate customers sagged. The writedown was an acknowledgment that the Nokia deal had lost almost all its value after failing to rescue the company s smartphone business.

Microsoft shares fell 3.7 per cent the day after the company reported, the biggest single-day decline since late January.

Twitter, LinkedIn

While Twitter s second-quarter sales topped analysts  estimates, the company posted disappointing numbers on user growth. CEO Jack Dorsey and CFO Anthony Noto took a critical tone on the pace of expansion on their earnings call with analysts, saying they don t expect significant progress any time soon.

LinkedIn increased its annual revenue forecast, topping analysts  estimates, but said most of the gain will come from the acquisition of the education website Lynda.com. Shares of the professional-networking website slumped on concerns that the company s core growth areas were slowing.

Report Typo/Error 
2015-10-09
What to Expect From Facebook Inc (FB) and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) This Earnings ... Needham s top-ranked analyst Laura Martin weighed in with her forecast on the social media giant Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and internet search giant Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), ahead of the upcoming third-quarter earnings.

Facebook Inc

Martin reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Facebook, with a price target of $115, as the company is scheduled to report its third-quarter earnings after the bell on Wednesday, November 4, 2015.

Martin wrote,  We maintain our 3Q15 estimates for FB at Revenue of $4.4B (up 37% y/y), Non-GAAP Operating Income of $2.5B (up 37% y/y), and Non-GAAP EPS of $0.49 (up 12% y/ y). We are buyers of FB based on our belief that digital markets are  winner take all markets  and that FB is particularly well positioned owing to its always-registered environment with real names, its closed platform, global scale, ubiquitous distribution, and optionality of new revenue streams (video, payments, commerce, etc) on the core FB site as well as revenue growth potential from FBs other key apps including Instagram WhatsApp, and FB Messenger. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Laura Martin has a total average return of 25.3% and a 71.4% success rate. Martin has a 34.5% average return when recommending FB, and is ranked #15 out of 3772 analysts.

Out of the 46 analysts polled by TipRanks, 41 rate Facebook stock a Buy, 4 rate the stock a Hold and 1 recommends a Sell. With a return potential of 18.5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $110.13.

Yahoo! Inc.

With Yahoo preparing to release third-quarter earnings after the market closes on Tuesday, October 20, 2015, Needham s Laura Martin weighed in today with some estimate revisions. According to TipRanks, Martin has a 18.9% average return when recommending YHOO.

Martin wrote,  We maintain our 3Q15 estimates of net revenue of $1.02B (down 7% y/y) and Non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 (down 68% y/y), but we lower estimates for 4Q15, FY15 and FY16, based on slower growth rates and lower profitability estimates. We now expect FY15 revenue of $4.2B (down 5% y/y, 4% below previous estimates), and Non-GAAP EPS of $0.69 (down 57% y/y, 4% below previous estimates). We lower FY16 estimates to revenue of $4.12B (down 1% y/y, 5% below previous estimate), and Non-GAAP EPS of $0.69 (flat y/y, 16% below previous estimates). Due to lower FY16 estimates and higher WACC tied to rising risk, we lower our 12-month Target Price to $40 (from $55). We maintain our Buy rating based on a sum-of-the parts analysis that concludes that investors are getting YHOO s core business for  free  despite $988mm of expected EBITDA in FY16E. 

Out of the 32 analysts polled by TipRanks, 21 rate Yahoo! stock a Buy, while 11 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 44%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $46.92. Yahoo, NHL Ban Employees from Paid Fantasy-Sports Sites Yahoo Inc. and the National Hockey League have barred employees from playing in paid fantasy-sports contests, moves that come amid questions over whether workers at big fantasy-sports companies have access to inside data.

Yahoo, a relative newcomer to paid fantasy sports, said Friday that employees are no longer permitted to play paid, daily contests on any site. Yahoo workers already were banned from playing on the company s site.... Who Did the Best Job of Playing Steve Jobs? Steve Jobs, starring Michael Fassbender as Apple s iconic co-founder, is hitting select theaters October 9. The film is just the latest in a line of movies focused on the life (and temperament) of the father of the Macintosh, iPod, and iPhone.



With this new Aaron Sorkin-written flick joining 2013 s Jobs (starring Ashton Kutcher), the same year s iSteve (starring Justin Long), and 1999 s Pirates of Silicon Valley (starring Noah Wyle) in the Steve Jobs filmography, the question asks itself: Who played the man best?

Yahoo Tech s Dan Howley and I decided to settle the issue once and for all, reviewing each actor s portrayal of the famously fiery Jobs (and almost managing not to yell at each other in the process).

So break out the popcorn and enjoy.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-11-24
All In: Why Nikesh Arora Bet $483 Million on SoftBank's Future It s a fall evening in Tokyo, and Nikesh Arora is supposed to be in two places at once.

This is a common dilemma for the 47-year-old president of SoftBank Group Corp., who splits his time between Silicon Valley, Japan and India. Arora is scheduled for dinner with his boss, Masayoshi Son, but he keeps talking. He has a story to tell.

Arora is explaining how he came to make one of the largest executive stock purchases ever. It began late one night this year when he and Son were talking about people s tolerance for risk and how it tends to decline over time. Arora took a chance as a kid by leaving India for the U.S. with only $200 in cash, but he had since gone on to a lucrative career. So Son prodded him.

 Masa said,  How much risk appetite do you have?   Arora says.   Do you believe you can transform SoftBank into a company two, three, five times its size? Now is the time to take the risk.  

A week later, Arora came back with a plan to buy 60 billion yen ($483 million at the time) in SoftBank shares, more than any insider purchase by an executive in Japan in at least 12 years, according to Bloomberg data. He would become the company s second-largest individual shareholder and borrow heavily to do it.

 I took him seriously,  says Arora, wearing an untucked white shirt, jeans and navy loafers on a caramel-colored leather couch in the executive suite of SoftBank headquarters.  As long as I can protect my family, I have no problem taking the risk. 

I m very relaxed. I m here for at least the next 10 years.

Nikesh Arora and Masayoshi Son Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg

Arora says investors don t yet appreciate what SoftBank is becoming. The company has been battered recently because of struggles at two major holdings, the China e-commerce powerhouse Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and the U.S. wireless operator Sprint Corp. SoftBank is still valued at less than the public shares it owns, meaning investors deem its operating businesses practically worthless.

Arora professes not to be worried. He says investors will come around once the company makes progress in reviving Sprint, lets Alibaba recover and demonstrates that it s more than a Japanese telecommunications company with a spotty investment record.

 I m very relaxed,  Arora said.  I m here for at least the next 10 years. 

Arora, Google's Eric Schmidt and Salar Kamangar attend Sun Valley in 2013. Photographer: Scott Eells/Bloomberg

Team Nikesh

Arora was hired last year after a decade at Google Inc. and promoted to president in June. Since then, he has been quietly building his own operation within SoftBank, an investment arm that will take stakes in technology companies around the world. Though SoftBank put money into startups for decades, including a tumultuous foray during the dot-com bust, the effort had dwindled in recent years to what Son called a  hobby  next to his wireless and broadband businesses. Arora is reviving the venture push and making it much more ambitious.

He is hiring a team of 15 to 20 outsiders and plans to put about $3 billion into startups each year. Arora s recruits, from companies such as Google and LinkedIn Corp., are hand-picked for the expertise they can offer startups in key areas like personnel, product development and acquisitions.

He says SoftBank will hold a competitive advantage by operating at a financial strata few can reach. He plans to make five to 10 investments a year of $100 million to $1 billion. The idea is to back startups that have proven products and need to expand -- the rapid phase of growth Arora helped manage at Google.

 What SoftBank does is unique,  said Nizar Tarhuni, an analyst at researcher PitchBook Data Inc.  They have the brains of Silicon Valley VC guys in the way they pick these companies, but they operate almost like a Warren Buffett-esque conglomerate. 

Arora has significant advantages. SoftBank has access to billions of dollars in capital and, unlike even the top venture firms, it s not raising the money from limited partners so it doesn t have a 10-year fund limit to compel cashing out. Arora calls this  permanent capital,  and it has appeal for entrepreneurs who don t want to be pushed toward an initial public offering.

Alibaba s Jack Ma is a prime example. SoftBank invested $20 million in 2000 and waited 14 years for the initial public offering last year. The stake is now worth more than $60 billion.

Still, Arora s timing is less than ideal. He s committing himself, and SoftBank, to the startup ecosystem at the exact moment when many people wonder whether valuations are getting out of hand and a shakeout looms.

Mark Suster of Upfront Ventures in Los Angeles wrote a blog post last month pointing out the number of unicorns, or startups worth at least $1 billion, has gone from 30 to 80 in 18 months.

 Either we ve discovered magical beans and elixir or perhaps we ve gotten ahead of ourselves,  he wrote.

Arora s approach echoes SoftBank s strategy of 15 years ago, when it invested billions of dollars in several hundred Internet companies. Son talked about creating a Netbatsu, a play on the old Japanese "zaibatsu" corporate networks that worked together to succeed.

He had successes such as Alibaba and Yahoo! Inc. but many more of the startups went out of business. He saw SoftBank s stock drop a stomach-churning 99 percent from its peak in 2000 to 277 yen in 2002. The current share price is about one-third the dot-com high.

Arora agrees valuations are exorbitant for some startups, but says there is still money to be made. "The question is are we good enough to pick the winners and help them grow?" he says.

Masayoshi Son and Nikesh Arora, at the SoftBank Academia lecture. Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg

Speed Dating

One of Arora s first moves at SoftBank was to look for opportunities in his native India. He and Son borrowed an office from Sunil Mittal, the billionaire chairman of Bharti Airtel Ltd. who is friends with both, and organized pitch sessions with more than 40 companies. It was speed dating for startups.

 We decided to understand the Indian market in the span of a week and looked at everything above $50 million to $100 million,  Arora says.  It s such an early market, the whole thing was available and most people were willing to raise money. 

They cut two deals right away, investing in e-commerce provider Snapdeal.com and the ride-hailing service Ola Cabs. They later added investments in the real-estate website Housing.com and hotel-booking app Oyo Rooms.

Arora has also invested $1 billion into Korean e-commerce operator Coupang. Last month, SoftBank said it led a $1 billion fundraising round for U.S.-based online lender Social Finance Inc.

Arora likes to think he provides more than money. He and his team give advice when needed, letting their startups tap industry veterans they otherwise couldn t afford. That could mean a consultation on employee stock-ownership plans with Liane Hornsey, who used to run Google s human resources, or hatching a mergers-and-acquisitions strategy with Alok Sama, who founded Baer Capital Partners and worked at Morgan Stanley.

Ritesh Agarwal, the 22-year-old founder of Oyo Rooms, has seen the benefits. He was trying to figure out how to let Oyo customers in 10 hotels get Wi-Fi from an Indian wireless carrier. Arora got him a meeting with Bharti Airtel s chief executive officer and, in less than a month, he had a deal covering 1,000 hotels.

 He thinks about things at a completely different scale,  Agarwal said.

Kunal Bahl Photographer: Kuni Takahasi/Bloomberg

For Snapdeal founder Kunal Bahl, one of the big challenges in building an e-commerce site in a developing market is figuring how to let people pay for purchases since most don t have credit cards. Arora encouraged him to spend aggressively to solve the problem, including a $350 million acquisition. That helped Snapdeal draw 10 million customers for its digital wallet within 33 days of launch, though it remains behind rival Flipkart in India.

 When your largest shareholder and key strategic partner says  Go for it,  that gives you a great sense of confidence,  Bahl said.  I don t think this would ve been possible without the backing of SoftBank and, especially, Nikesh. 

Such input isn t always welcome. Housing.com s CEO clashed over strategy this year with investors, including SoftBank. Rahul Yadav said he didn t think his board was  intellectually capable  of helping him and resigned. A few days later, he withdrew his resignation, though he was fired soon after.

Arora frequently draws on lessons from his days at Google. He left Deutsche Telecom AG to join what was then an unproven search company just after the IPO in 2004. He started in the Europe sales operation and helped develop business strategies that became the global standard at Google.

 He decided early on that Europe was going to be much more than a sales outpost,  said Dennis Woodside, a Google colleague who is now chief operating officer of Dropbox Inc.

Arora and team won over advertising agencies that were originally resistant to embrace online ads and helped persuade them to train digital staff, who could help customers. They developed tools so that, say, an auto insurer could find out which days of the week were best to advertise for customers and which terms would be most alluring. Many of those strategies were adopted throughout Google.

He moved to the Mountain View, California, headquarters in 2009, becoming the top sales executive and later chief business officer. Arora was the polished salesman in tailored Armani suits amid a sea of introverted, rumpled engineers, but he earned respect.

 This was a company that was driven by product and the business side was almost a necessary evil,  said Henrique De Castro, a longtime colleague at Google.  The product guys and the engineers changed their view on the sales guys for two reasons: one, Nikesh hired very capable people. Secondly, he made decisions that won respect. 

Barry Diller, whose IAC/InterActiveCorp was both a Google competitor and customer, says Arora could anticipate changes, like the rise of mobile advertising, and build the business capabilities to capitalize on them.

 He had perfect pitch about the market conditions,  Diller says.

For startups to grow quickly, Arora says it s important for them to experiment with business models and technology, and to make sure they have the right people in place. He also encourages them to use the vast quantities of data available online to sort through where to invest and where to back off.

 Snapdeal, Ola and Oyo, they all have similar scenarios,  he says.  They have a huge number of transactions, some are profit positive, some profit negative. How do you cultivate those that are profitable? 

No Easy Days

Arora is in a reflective mood these days. He just had his second child, a boy, a few months ago. At the same time, his father is seriously ill. Arora, who mostly lives in Silicon Valley, has been spending as much time as possible at his father s side in a New Delhi suburb.  All he wants is another happy day with his family,  he says.

When Nikesh went to the U.S. with $200 for school, his father gave him a check for $3,000 to help him get started. To make ends meet, Nikesh flipped burgers, worked as a security guard and taught at a community college.

 At the time, $3,000 was his entire retirement fund,  he says.  I was so focused on paying my father back and not failing. There was no going back. 

Compared to that, he says the pressure now is manageable. If he loses the money he has in SoftBank, he ll manage, and if shares soar, he plans on giving the profits to charity, anyway.

Though it hasn t been publicly announced, Arora s SoftBank stock purchase is complete. He set up an agreement with two banks that began buying shares within a predetermined price range 45 days after the announcement. More than 25 percent of the money is his own equity, with the rest borrowed. He said there could be a capital call if a market crash wipes out his wealth.

Arora has been well-paid in recent years, though not enough to cover the purchase. He made $80 million in his last three years at Google and received $135 million during his first half-year at SoftBank, including a signing bonus.

Arora has more than money at stake. Son, 58, has said Arora is the most likely person to succeed him when he retires sometime in his 60s. Arora s venture strategy may well determine whether he ends up taking over the top job.

Nikesh Arora Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg

 Nikesh is great,  Son said after an event in the Japanese city of Kochi this month.  He has shown deep insight and balance. He s not afraid to try difficult things. 

Son has had strong lieutenants in the past who faded from view. Yoshitaka Kitao, Son s right-hand man during the dot-com era, left the company after the bubble burst. He wrote a blog post this May saying, "Nikesh Arora is not necessarily secure" and "it s too early to appoint his successor." Kitao declined to comment for this story.

Arora says he and Son talk almost every day about investments and strategic issues. Arora comes to Tokyo every four or five weeks, usually for board meetings or other formal events.

 I try to spend about 10 days a month with Masa,  he says.  Ten out of 30 is not bad. Same amount I spend with my wife. 

The change at SoftBank has been dramatic, even for a company with a history of seismic strategic shifts. After getting most of its profits from a relatively steady telecommunications business in Japan, Son s company is taking on more risk through Sprint and its growing venture bets. Power is shifting beyond Tokyo, making SoftBank more international and less Japanese.

Sprint has continued to struggle, even as Son holds late-night conference calls from Tokyo to work with the U.S.-based team. Investors fret that losses there could swamp successes elsewhere at SoftBank.

 The market is saying:  Prove it,   Arora says as his handler tell him he really does have to get to the dinner with Son.  Our task is not to talk about it but to get it done. 

--With assistance from Jeffrey Pauls. Yahoo's Mayer Faces Pressure as Execs Exit Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

45:58 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Inside Pixar's Technological Evolution, From 'Toy Story' to 'The Good Dinosaur' When Disney released a little animated film called Toy Story 20 years ago this month in 1995, audiences flocked to the theaters and made it the biggest film of that year. They were charmed by the delightful story of toys come to life. But they were also in awe of the groundbreaking new animation style. After 80 years of hand-drawn cartoons, a little-known company called Pixar had revolutionized the genre, introducing the first fully computer-animated film to the world.

While it was revolutionary then, Toy Story now wears its age on its plastic sleeve, thanks to the great leaps Pixar has made in its animation technology. This weekend s new release, The Good Dinosaur, is Pixar s 16th feature and boasts the most stunning animation yet, with breathtakingly realistic nature scenery: Its rivers, mountains, and individual blades of grass look so lifelike, you could almost mistake them for the real deal. Back when Toy Story hit theaters, few even at Pixar could have predicted The Good Dinosaur s visual accomplishments.

 It s no mistake that we made Toy Story first: It was a story filled with plastic and wood and glass   all the things that we could do with computers back then,  says Lee Unkrich, who has been a top creative at Pixar since Toy Story and directed Toy Story 3.  If you were to show us The Good Dinosaur 20 years ago and said,  This is the kind of movie you re going to be making someday,  we would be completely blown away. 

Yahoo Movies spoke with several longtime Pixar employees to look back on the company s biggest innovations over the years, including the major leaps made for The Good Dinosaur. From Sulley s blue fur to Mr. Incredible s muscles, here s what they had to say.



Photo: Disney/Pixar



Hair and fur in Monsters, Inc. (2001)



Before Monsters, Inc., Pixar s characters in Toy Story, Toy Story 2, and A Bug s Life were pointedly hairless. That s because it was tough to create soft surfaces, let alone fur, given the sheer amount of computing power it took to create the many million little hairs; they also hadn t cracked a way to use lighting to make those hairs look natural.

First and foremost, Pixar has been helped by the rapid increase in computing power over the last 20 years. More powerful computers allows its staff to create better effects more quickly, and faster rendering   the time it takes a computer to create a single frame   gives animators the ability to see a more realistic preview of their work as they re animating it. The hit film about a pair of friendly monsters who scare little kids for a living, directed by Pete Docter, marked the first time that Pixar was able to render individual hairs and fur. The technological leap was necessary to create Sulley, the blue furry monster voiced by John Goodman.

 I look back on Toy Story, if we had to do blonde hair it was a disaster because we couldn t properly shadow it to make it not have an ugly color or be glowing super bright,  says Sharon Calahan, Pixar s celebrated director of photography.

Part of the solution was something called  deep shadow maps,  which record the amount of light that should reach each layer of fur or hair. A great example is below: The hair on the right is flat, lifeless, and synthetic-looking. On the left, we have hair rendered with the deep shadow map technology, which created realistic shadows and richer textures on the character s mane.

Read More

An example from a 2000 Pixar paper on deep shadow maps (Disney/Pixar)



Sulley s body had more than 3 million hairs that each had to be able to move independently, but also logically   like, say, how our own hair would react when brushed or blown by the wind. Even a monster s fur gets ruffled by the elements.

By the time the prequel, Monsters University, hit theaters in 2013, the computer processors were powerful enough to render previews of the picture they were creating closer to real time, and audiences can see the difference. Sulley s hair is a much richer color, with more realistic shadows, thanks to the animators  ability to see it earlier and make the proper adjustments.

Photo: Disney/Pixar



 The difference between [Sulley] in Monsters, Inc. and Monsters University is his fur really changes his silhouette and the volume of him as a character,  Mike Venturini, a supervising animator at Pixar, explained.  On Monsters, Inc., we didn t see the fur until after we were done animating; that s when they rendered the fur. Now the computers are so much faster that they can generate fur faster, so we have temp fur that s a guide to what it s going to look like and we can see while we re animating it. It helps us make better choices. 

Photo: Disney/Pixar

Water in Finding Nemo (2003)



For Pixar s first foray underwater, director Andrew Stanton and Co. had to figure out just how to create realistic-looking water   one of the hardest things to make in computer animation.

Unlike air, which is marked by the absence of elements, water is chock full of different variables, from dirt to bent light to the constant motion of the tide. Plus, there s the exaggerated ways that things move underwater, where you can always see the ripple effect of every change.

 The underwater part was largely faked in compositing,  Calahan said.  It was layers and layers of fog and murk and particulate   the kind of stuff that told you that you were in an underwater environment. 



From the bubbles that float to the surface to the dirt that dances around the vegetation on the ocean floor, it s the little details that give the impression that the little fish are making their way through a real physical environment.

Watch a scene from  Finding Nemo  below:



Water continued to advance over the next few films, including Brave, which saw several big environmental improvements. Liquid also played a surprisingly large role in 2007 s Ratatouille, because the production had to figure out how to simulate so many different kinds of fluids during all of the cooking scenes in that Paris-set rodent fairy tale.

The Good Dinosaur and next year s Nemo sequel, Finding Dory, represent major new leaps for the animation of water. The rapids in The Good Dinosaur rage and reflect the wide-open sky in ways Pixar animators couldn t have dreamed of during the production of Finding Nemo.



 We re constantly upgrading our water surface shader, all the elements that go into making water look good,  Calahan says.  When you look at the water surface in Finding Nemo, it looks pretty plastic-y. We didn t have all the aeration and foam and all the stuff that makes it feel like it has more detail to it. 

Photo: Disney/Pixar



Humans in The Incredibles (2004)

While Monsters, Inc. and Finding Nemo had some humans in them, the 2004 hit The Incredibles, directed by Brad Bird, marked the studio s first full feature about human characters. As it had with fish and insects, Pixar opted to make the humans cartoonish instead of photorealistic. Just about every attempt to create believable CGI humans ends up more creepy than convincing because audiences are so intimately familiar with human faces. It s a principle known as the  uncanny valley,  and you can see it in action most famously in Robert Zemeckis s 2004 Christmas film, The Polar Express, which starred an off-putting digital version of Tom Hanks.

Yet Pixar still had to make the heroes of The Incredibles look believably human, which required realistic muscles, fat, movement, and skin. The key to getting to that point was a whole lot more control of the characters  individual features, which was where the rigging team came in. They build the character models and install all the different controls inside them, which allows animators to manipulate different parts of their faces and bodies.

On average, there are about 1,000 to 1,500 controls in each character.  If you think of it like puppeteering, we need little strings to pull for every piece of movement we want to do on a character,  Venturini explained.  We got really specific in The Incredibles with the type of facial controls, specifically in the eyes and eyebrows, to get different shapes. 

Human skin, meanwhile, required more subtle detail than the surfaces of a bug, a wooden toy, or a fish.  A lot of the key components were getting the subsurface [of the face] to be there,  Calahan said.  Like in Toy Story, we had no subsurface shading. We ve had that for a while now   Some of it is just really subtle surface detail, like the peach fuzz you get from the subtle hairs on your skin. 

Photo: Disney/Pixar



Curly hair in Brave (2012)



While they first cracked hair for Monsters, Inc., it was 2012 s Brave that broke important new stylistic ground: It was the first film to really nail curly hair, which is even harder to create onscreen than it is to manage in real life.

For starters, while curly hair straightens under intense force (like, say, wind) in the real world, animators wanted to keep the Scottish heroine Merida s curly red mane coiled up even after it bounced and stretched a bit during action sequences. They created layers of curls and piled them on top of one another, as you can see in the illustration below.

In total, there were 1,500 individual curls, which in turn represented lots of other hairs that were coiled around them. To make the hair move, they used a system called  core curve and points,  which allows hair to move, but only so much. It took three years to get the hair just right.

A timeline of the layers of curls built for Merida s hair (Disney/Pixar)



Brave was a major benchmark for Pixar. Unkrich describes the Oscar-winning film as the moment when all of the studio s individual tech accomplishments came together in one production.

 Brave had great water in it and fur and great-looking humans and vegetation that kind of showcased everything that used to be really challenging,  Unkrich says.  Once we made a movie like that, I don t know there s any holy grail beyond that anymore. 

The Evolution of Toy Story

Audiences  minds were blown when Toy Story first hit theaters, but the animators and technicians at Pixar knew that, given the chance, they could make its characters look even better. They got their first shot in 1999 when Toy Story 2 came out, and then were really able to show off their new capabilities when the third chapter in the beloved saga was pegged for release in 2010.

The animation of Toy Story 3 was an interesting challenge for Pixar because it had to strike a balance between having the animation up to its new standards and not alienating longtime fans with new renditions of their favorite characters.

 We did a lot of analysis of the earlier films and the style of lighting and the design language, and we made sure we stuck to that,  says Unkrich, who directed that third film.  But we really upgraded the characters to have a lot more detail than they d ever had, and made them much more real. 

Above, you can see the evolution of Woody and the small, but noticeable improvements: His shirt is a deeper yellow, his skin more naturally flush, and his pants seem more obviously made of thread. Woody looks more alive in the third photo, even though he s still a plastic toy.

 We ve gotten really, really detailed with the amount of controls we have in an eye, and with Toy Story 3, we had to simplify our eyes back toward what we were doing before to keep them feeling toylike,  Venturini says.  If you see Woody on the screen, there s a tactile feel to the cloth he s made out of. You can actually see and feel the threads, where before it was a very simple shader that was used because we didn t have the technology to do such high-level detail. 

Photo: Disney/Pixar



Mother Nature in The Good Dinosaur (2015)

Delayed a year as they reorganized the story and let new director Pete Sohn take command of the project, The Good Dinosaur was worth the wait. About a young dinosaur trying to find his way home after being swept up in a raging river, it is the most visually striking of all the Pixar films, thanks to several new or vastly upgraded approaches to set design. Among the most striking new details: sumptuous new clouds.



Related: The Making of  The Good Dinosaur,  Frame by Frame



 What s awesome about that is it allows the lighting department to filter sunlight through the clouds,  Venturini said, noting that they created the new  volumetric  clouds using clumps of data that makes 3D objects.  You can see the shadow of the cloud going overhead, and you can diffuse light to get that overcast look. Those things we weren t able to do before. And it s one of the reasons you were able to say this world feels so rich and lush. 

Calahan, who worked extensively with the clouds and light as the director of photography, said it was a huge step up from past attempts to light large areas. And it helped believably light the huge terrain that they had to create, given the scope of the film and size of its characters.

To create that vast landscape, Pixar for the first time used data from the U.S. Geological Survey, downloading more than 65,000 miles of satellite information.  The sets department got those maps where it shows all the elevation ranges,  Venturini said.  They were able to plug that into the computer and auto-generate terrain, so they could rapidly build mountain ranges. 

 In this film, there s no matte paintings,  he added, referring to the background paintings usually used in animation (and many old science-fiction films).  When you see the world go on forever, normally you d use a matte painting; but because it goes on forever, you can use all these camera movements and make the world feel huge.  
2015-08-11
Social Media Pair Trade: Susquehanna Starts Yahoo & Facebook At Positive ... In various reports published Tuesday, Susquehanna analyst Shyam Patil initiated coverage of various social media companies.

Patil initiated coverage of Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) with "Positive" ratings while shares of Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) and Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP) were initiated with "Neutral" Ratings.

Facebook:  Secular Growth Story'

Patil stated that Facebook ($125 price target) offers investors a "multi-year secular growth story" with several "significant" growth drivers.

Patil said Facebook's Core news feed ads remains a key driver while Video is "starting to inflect" which positions the company to become a top online property for video ads. In addition, Ad Tech is growing in importance and leverages identity-based marketing approach to extend its reach and value proposition off-network.

Finally, Instagram is "opening up" and while Facebook is "proceeding cautiously," the platform could become a billion-dollar business next year while WhatsApp and Messenger serve as longer-term plays.

Yahoo: 34% Upside, 16% Downside

According to Patil, a sum-of-the-parts analysis yields a price target of $49 with a "best case" upside scenario of around $60 per share. On the other hand, the analyst's models suggested the downside floor is $31, implying a 34 percent upside potential and 16 percent downside.

Patil said part of his valuation model factors in a 35 percent tax rate on Yahoo's spin of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) even though the company can "likely" find a more efficient approach.

Patil noted that Yahoo Japan's monetization initiatives could add an incremental $3 to $4 per share to Yahoo's stock above the $6 figure the analyst used in his valuation model. Finally, Yahoo's Core is "making progress" and EBITDA may have room to further expand from the company's cost cutting initiatives.

Related Link: Twitter Debate: 'Trapped Buyers' Vs. Takeover Speculation

Twitter: Growth, Engagement  Remain Weak'

Commenting on Twitter ($32 price target), Patil stated that the platform's user growth and engagement "remain weak" while management offers "limited visibility" into forward trends. The analyst expanded that user growth has "consistently" underperformed since its IPO while also lagging its peers.

Patil said the weak trends are "going to persist for at least awhile longer" as management hinted the "lackluster" monthly active user growth it is seeing could last a "considerable" period of time.

Switching over to monetization activities, Patil suggested that Twitter's average revenue per user of $5.47 is roughly 56 percent of Facebook's $9.79 and "theoretically" suggests there is room for Twitter to improve.

Yelp:  Limited' Near-Term Visibility

Finally, Patil discussed Yelp ($28), noting the company's near-term growth outlook is "murky" and "limited" due to sales force hiring issues and management's decision to phase out its brand advertising.

Patil did however note that over the long-term, management's decision to phase out its brand advertising "was the right decision" but at the expense of negatively impacting near-term revenue and profitability.

On the other hand, Yelp's positioning in the "large" and "underpenetrated" local ad market is a positive and the company should be well positioned to capitalize on growth over the longer-term.

Latest Ratings for FB Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Mar 2017 BTIG Research Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Buy Hold View More Analyst Ratings for FB

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Facebook Ads Facebook Monetization InstagramAnalyst Color Long Ideas Initiation Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Lycos, the faded Internet star, takes another shot at stardom Over the past few weeks, Lycos hosted events in Hyderabad, Mumbai and Los Angeles to launch two wearable devices a wristband and a ring, the first of more to come, according to Suresh Reddy, chairman and chief executive of Lycos Internet Ltd.

Hyderabad: Lycos was the Google of the online search world in the 90s until it faded into oblivion.

With 33 million visitors, according to audience measurement service Media Metrix Inc., it was the fourth biggest online network in the US in March 2000, with $135.5 million in revenue in the financial year 1998-99. A year earlier, in March 1999, Lycos  network was accessed by 51.8% of US Internet users, beating 50.8% of rival Yahoo! Inc for the first time.

Now, with Google firmly entrenched as the No. 1 search engine, Lycos is trying to reinvent itself as a wearable tech company.

Over the past few weeks, Lycos hosted events in Hyderabad, Mumbai and Los Angeles to launch two wearable devices a wristband and a ring, the first of more to come, according to Suresh Reddy, chairman and chief executive of Lycos Internet Ltd. At the same time, the company is pawning household jewellery the 22 patents it holds to raise cash for other endeavours.

The waterproof smart band acts as fitness monitor, a sleep tracker and a personal security manager, while the smart ring has limited features sharing contact information and acting as a personal security manager. Both devices unlock a phone with a simple tap and can be managed using an Android application. Lycos claims it will soon be able to identify a user just by the way she moves  revolutionary if it indeed materializes.

Lycos thinks the moment is right to venture into the Internet of Things (IoT) space because the cost of deploying IoT devices is getting cheaper, and thanks to the buzz around IoT, infrastructure to deploy IoT devices is being built at a rapid pace.

IoT refers to a network of devices that communicate over the Internet. Some of these devices use sensors to cover minute details of life and are designed to give deeper insights, and, in general, make life easier.

Technology researcher Gartner Inc predicts today s 4.9 billion connected devices will grow five-fold to 25 billion by 2020. IoT services spending is set to increase to $263 billion over the next five years from $69.5 billion in 2015, Gartner estimates. Networking equipment company Cisco Systems Inc. predicts 3.5 devices for every person on the plant by 2020, by which time 50 billion devices will be connected to the Internet.

So upbeat is Lycos on IoT that it put other projects on the backburner to focus on the Lycos Life division. The company spent Rs.64 crore on the consumer-focused IoT division, chief financial officer Y. Srinivas Rao said during a recent earnings call.

 The way the industry is progressing now, the way the industry is changing, we believe that the whole paradigm is shifting,  Suresh Reddy said in an interview.  The new paradigm is the Internet will start learning... Us being an Internet company, we get a clear sense that is the direction the whole space is moving. 

The ring (priced Rs.3,500) and the wristband (Rs.7,500) are being sold under the brand name Lycos Life. The company sees a better brand recall for products sold under Lycos label, especially in the North American market, where Lycos was popular at the start of the century.

But it will be a hard sell, said Niraj Dawar, marketing professor at Canada s Ivey Business School. The number of Internet users has swelled to 3.2 billion today from 280.8 million in 1999, when Lycos was at its prime. That s 11 times the number of users in 1999. In other words, 91% of today s Internet users came online after Lycos peaked.

 Today it is a portion of the audience. There are people who never heard of it,  Reddy acknowledged. Lycos hopes the products will evoke recall in users in the 35-40 age bracket, even as it targets a broader audience a mix of old timers plus newcomers.  Our job is to reposition Lycos properly, where it s accepted by everybody. That s the important challenge,  he said.

It ll be a difficult task.  They d have to build a brand practically from scratch if their intent is to reach a wide customer base,  said Dawar.  So while Lycos may still be recalled and carry associations for a small niche of Internet users, it is unlikely to still represent a distinct promise or position. 

Lycos was quite an Internet phenomenon when it was bought by Terra Networks SA for $12.5 billion in 2000, in one of the biggest Internet deals at the time. Owning marquee properties such as Wired News (the antecedent of today s Wired news magazine), LycoShop (online marketplace), WhoWhere (yellow pages and people search engine), Quote.com (financial services) and Gamesville (online gaming), besides the search portal, its network was America s fourth biggest in the Internet space.

Four years later, however, Terra Networks sold Lycos for 2% of its purchase value for a mere $95 million to South Korea s Daum Communications Corp., which in turn sold it to Hyderabad-based digital marketing firm Ybrant Digital Ltd. in 2010 for $36 million. That s a remarkable slump in valuation.

Hyderabad-based Ybrant Digital, which traces its origins to an online greeting card website (USAGreetings.com), has since renamed itself Lycos Internet to position itself as an international player. It is now trying to reinvent the brand 20 years after it was incorporated.

 There is a brand recognition Lycos has,  said Suresh Reddy.

Lycos was born in 1995 to solve Internet problems of that age. It competed with search engines, Excite, Yahoo (the market leader), InfoSeek and Alta Vista before Google was born, and was one of the first to use spider web indexing (for which it still owns some patents) for text string-based search.

The backbone of most search engines today, a spider is a computer programme that crawls websites simultaneously (much like the legs of a spider), scans web pages, and indexes information according to pre-defined priorities. When a user places a search request, the programme looks up the entry on its index and returns results. Lycos, in fact, was named after Lycosidae, a spider that leaves its web to hunt (instead of waiting for the prey to walk into its web).

 Continuing with the same tradition today we are at the verge of entirely new transformation, new revolution in how Internet is going to be used. And Lycos is again trying to come back and simplify the whole experience, make it easier for end consumers,  said Reddy.

Still, Lycos was among the hundreds of brands that went through a rapid lifecycle in the early years of the Internet, said Dawar.  Lycos peaked in the late 1990s, after only a few years on the market, and part of the reason for its demise was that it was unable to retain a distinctive position in the face of competition. The Internet is a very fast-moving environment, and was even more so back then. 

The ring and wristband are currently sold on the Lycos website but will be soon available on other platforms. Lycos will soon begin selling them on online retailer Amazon.com Inc., Suresh Reddy said. More IoT products are in the works, he said, without getting into specifics.

Investors are not entirely convinced with the IoT push by the digital marketing firm two different domains in the online space.  There is no link,  said Deepak Tewary, research analyst with SPA Securities Ltd.  This shows the company is not really focused on what exactly they want to do... Suddenly why do they want to jump into Internet of Things? Internet of Things is totally different and a lot of investments are needed in this,  he said.

Lycos Internet stock began climbing steadily on the BSE since 4 June, when the company first unveiled the two wearable products. It peaked at Rs.46.35 after the 8 June launch in Los Angeles, and has been on the decline ever since trading at Rs.37.10 on Tuesday.

Coinciding with its IoT push, Lycos has been trying to find buyers or licensees for its clutch of 22 patents, spanning search engine technology and on-line advertising and online gaming. The company has mandated Propeller(y), a Washington DC-based intellectual property consulting firm to find buyers or partners who will license the patents.

Lycos claims its technologies are used in online advertising, ad keywords, search engine optimization, databases, and even IoT and online multi-player gaming.

 Some of these patents could certainly be relevant to IoT, if they have a broad enough claim language that would cover some of the basic protocols that the IoT ecosystem implements,  said Efrat Kasznik, president of Foresight Valuation Group LLC, a Silicon Valley-based intellectual property consulting firm.

Because IoT is fundamentally a layer of sensors collecting data and transmitting it over communication networks for analysis, some IoT technologies could be breaching Lycos patents, Kasznik said. Her firm could not analyse the claim language of the patents because the information was not public.

Generally speaking, the older Lycos patents can have higher enforcement value because they are broad enough to cover a lot of products that came after them.

 In some instances, the earlier the priority date on the patent (the date it was filed, which is the beginning of the protection period for the idea once the patent is issued), the more valuable the patent is,  Kasznik, who also teaches IP management at Stanford Graduate School of Business, said. Owners of older patents usually enforce a patent s rights through licensing or by dragging the infringers to court.

Yahoo is similar to Lycos, a company that s struggling in the market, but has a strong patent portfolio with some early priority dates that s being monetized through assertion, such as litigation and licensing, Kasznik observed.

Innovate/Protect Inc, an intellectual property firm, successfully sued Google Inc., AOL Inc., IAC Search and Media Inc., and Target Corp. for infringing on two patents it had bought from Lycos. The firms were to pay $15.9 million, $7.9 million, $6.6 million and $98,800 respectively, although Google won an appeal in 2014. 
2015-03-13
Opinion: Is Yahoo's main business really worth negative $4 billion? Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% is not the Internet juggernaut it once was. It has long since lost ground to the likes of Google GOOG, -0.09% and Facebook .

But is the core part of the company   which makes around $1 billion a year in operating cash flow   really worth negative $4 billion?

That s what Wall Street seems to be saying right now.

And it seems unduly pessimistic, even for CEO Marissa Mayer s harshest critics. Especially as Yahoo operates in the U.S. system of limited liability, which means a company really can t be worth less than $0.

Bottom line? Something at Yahoo isn t adding up.

And it either represents some free money for ordinary investors   or a warning sign of something nasty on the horizon.

Let s run the numbers.

Yahoo currently trades around $43 per share, and there are 1 billion shares in circulation, meaning the entire company is valued   obviously   at around $43 billion.

But Yahoo owns 16.5% of Alibaba BABA, -0.38% , the Chinese online retailing giant that went public last year. At current share prices, Yahoo s stake is worth around $33 billion. (Yahoo recently announced plans to distribute its Alibaba shares to its investors, through a spin-off vehicle.)

The current Yahoo share price could be saying that Alibaba is overvalued by around 50%.

Furthermore Yahoo has a 35% stake in Yahoo Japan YAHOY, -0.76% , worth slightly under $8 billion or so.

And Yahoo also has nearly $7 billion in net cash in the bank.

So if you add those three things together, someone buying a Yahoo share is getting about $33 worth of shares in Alibaba, $7 worth of shares in Yahoo Japan, and about $7 in cash.

Total: $47.

That suggests you re making a $4 profit per share even before you count the core Yahoo email, search and Internet content businesses.

Those alone are forecast to make somewhere around $1.2 billion in underlying pretax earnings   meaning profits before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, aka EBITDA   per year in 2015 and 2016.

Everyone can make his or her own estimate of the value of that business, but comparison with rivals such as AOL US:AOL suggest it probably shouldn t be valued at less than $7 billion or so. At that rate the total company ought to be worth about $54 billion, or around $54 a share   or around 26% more than the current price.

 The theoretical upside is very large,  says Josh Strauss, co-manager of the Appleseed mutual fund, a value-oriented fund that has a stake in Yahoo.

Bloomberg Marissa Mayer, chief executive officer of Yahoo Inc.

But the payoff isn t guaranteed. Yahoo s core business cannot be worth a negative amount of money. Yet the apparent gap between the current market value and the sum of its parts might show, not that Yahoo stock is undervalued, but that some of the others   especially Alibaba   are grossly overvalued at current stock prices.

The current Yahoo share price could be saying that Alibaba is overvalued by around 50%.

Strauss is trying to be neutral. On the one hand, his fund has bought Yahoo stock. On the other, it has gone short, or bet against, the stocks of Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. He hopes to make money so long as the valuation gap closes   either by Yahoo rising, or the others falling (or a bit of both).

This can be a high-risk activity. Even if you re right, it can be a long and painful road before you get there.

For the rest of us, the funny numbers at Yahoo mean two or three things.

First, if you want to buy Alibaba stock, you are probably much better off buying Yahoo stock instead. You re basically getting Alibaba at a third off.

Second, these kind of weird numbers can be a warning sign about the market. We saw very similar things at the peak of the dotcom bubble in 1999-2000. We also saw bizarre and nonsensical valuations in the real estate market around 2005-2006.

Third, the next time your financial adviser or some guy on TV tells you how wonderfully efficient and rational the stock market is, and how it always sets prices sensibly, remind yourself good laugh at his expense. South By Southwest Tackles TV as AOL, Yahoo Invade Living Rooms South by Southwest, the annual festival for movies, music and technology that begins today in Austin, Texas, is tackling a subject that s vexed the most successful media executives: the future of television.

Organizers of SXSW, as the festival is known, are hosting panels headlined by filmmakers who recently made shows for online media. Morgan Spurlock, writer-director of the Oscar-nominated  Super Size Me,  will promote the show he s produced for AOL Inc. Writer-producer Dan Harmon will offer details on his sitcom  Community  and its move to Yahoo! Inc. from NBC.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

They ll join executives from CNN and Hulu LLC, who ll also address the blurry line between regular TV and Web video as part of the  Future of TV  series. Technology companies including AOL, Yahoo and Amazon.com Inc. are investing in comedies, dramas and documentaries at the same time shrinking live TV audiences are forcing media giants like CNN s parent, Time Warner Inc., to offer their shows more widely online.

 There is so much interest in how we are watching shows, where we are watching and who is making interesting content for different screens,  said Janet Pierson, head of SXSW film.

Born out of a music festival that began in 1987, the film portion of South by Southwest has often embraced pop culture more than peers like Sundance or Tribeca. In the 20 years since movies became a separate SXSW component, low-budget horror features have screened alongside comedies from major studios.

Since this is a festival where start-ups and venture capitalists often outshine movie stars, Web media companies are using it as a launchpad for their forays into TV. Spurlock s  Connected  is AOL s first series with TV-length episodes, and has attracted Sprint Corp. to sponsor.

Self-Analysis

The show s subjects, which include a television show host, a computer designer and a gay couple, use cameras to document their own lives and relationships. Professional touches were applied after the footage reached the editing room.

 AOL has primarily been an advertising company,  said Dermot McCormack, president of AOL Video & Studios, said in an interview.  We really believe in over-the-top video going forward, and we will need longer-form content. This could be a watershed moment for AOL. 

Viewing habits are changing in ways that should benefit online companies. According to a Nielsen study released this week, 41 percent of U.S. homes had access to a streaming video service like Netflix Inc. at the end of 2014, an increase from 36 percent a year earlier.

Watching More

Able to connect on TVs, tablets and smartphones, people also spend more time staring at their Web-enabled devices, almost three hours a day, compared with about two hours for the average TV household, according to Nielsen.

Vimeo, a video site owned by Barry Diller s IAC/InterActiveCorp, has in the past used SXSW to announce news, including a fund to acquire original series and movies. The creators of its first series,  High Maintenance,  will host a panel and a screening to discuss the show, which chronicles the journeys of a marijuana deliveryman.

 It s a natural intersection of audiences,  said Vimeo Chief Executive Officer Kerry Trainor.  Whereas Sundance is more of a film festival, South by is the place where the boundaries between television, episodic, feature film, short film and documentary really break down. 

Pierson has wanted to incorporate episodic series since she started at SXSW in 2008. For the second year in a row, South by Southwest will host a series of premieres for cable TV shows, including FX s  The Comedians,  starring Billy Crystal, and USA Network s  Mr. Robot,  with Christian Slater.

Savvy Viewers

 The audience is media-savvy, they respect clever promotion and they are incredibly influential,  said Guy Slattery, a senior marketing executive at the A&E cable network.  We first decided to go down there for that very reason, to get our show in front of a tastemaking crowd. 

A&E screened an episode of  Bates Motel  at South by Southwest in 2013. Time Warner s HBO was the first cable network to screen there in 2012 with  Girls  writer-creator-actress Lena Dunham, an SXSW stalwart.

In 2014, A&E installed a facade of the motel of  Psycho  fame in Austin, as well as a vending machine distributing brownies. Slattery is upping the stakes this year, building a four-room Bates Motel replica where guests will stay.

 We have been to Comic-Con and other places, but more and more TV brands are coming to South By,  Slattery said.  If you do something clever and smart down there, you get a lot of credit for it.  Selloff hits stocks and oil, layoffs hit Harley-Davidson and ANN INC.'s surprise Oil (CLJ15.NYM) is under pressure, touching $45 a barrel, after the International Energy Agency said U.S. oil production jumped to 115,000 barrels a day last month with most of it going directly into storage tanks -- which are nearly full. So traders who were hoping for a sustainable rebound in crude are out of luck. The bearish report is pushing energy stocks, via the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLE), down over 1% which is a major drag on the broader market, the S&P 500 (^GSPC) and the Dow Jones Industrials (^DJI) are down about 1% as of midday. Falling oil prices, of course, are great for consumers, especially drivers.

Get the Latest Market Data and News with the Yahoo Finance App

Harley Davidson (HOG) is downshifting, with investors pushing the shares down by more than 3%. The hog maker says it will cut 169 workers at its Kansas City, Missouri plant. That amounts to "cost cutting," which investors usually like, but Wells Fargo (WFC) says this could be a "tip-off" that demand is slowing for bikes. Even so, Wells still rates Harley a buy. The rest the Street seems unconvinced, with shares down by more than 10% this year. Sales are falling in Canada and rivals are catching up to Harley with more affordable rides.

There is better news for ANN INC (ANN)., parent company of Ann Taylor and The Loft. The stock is up 9% after profits and sales beat street estimates. This is an about face for the women's apparel retailer whose stock has been falling out of fashion. Last year, two of its biggest shareholders began pressuring the company to sell itself to a private buyer or bigger competitor. And there are rumors some buyers may be sniffing around. The shareholders argued the stock could be worth as much as $55 a share in a buyout. At today's price, $40 and change, the stock would be a bargain.

More From Yahoo Finance:

Mayweather-Pacquiao: Big money but can it save boxing?

Ackman under investigation, Citigroup & Friday the 13th: 3 things to watch 
2015-03-30
Bryan Power Joins Yahoo As Senior Vice President of Human Resources SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced that Bryan Power will be joining Yahoo as Senior Vice President of Human Resources effective Monday, March 30, 2015, reporting directly to CEO Marissa Mayer.

 We re focused on bringing Yahoo back to greatness and a critical part of that mission rests on our ability to attract and retain the best talent. In the last two and a half years, we ve worked hard to make Yahoo a desirable place to work and I m immensely proud of how far we ve come. I m excited to announce Bryan Power will join Yahoo, as our new SVP of Human Resources,  said Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer.  Bryan has just the right blend of experience, vision and passion for people to build on the strong momentum we ve established and to continue to evolve the culture at Yahoo. 

 I m excited to join Yahoo, a company that has held a special place in the hearts of its users and in Silicon Valley for over 20 years,  said Power.  Yahoos are known for their fun, collaborative personalities as well as their drive to build world class products and experiences. I can t wait to be a part of it."

Bryan most recently led People operations at Square, where he was responsible for scaling the company as it grew its presence globally. Prior to Square, Bryan spent many years at Google where he led and managed teams around the world and earned himself a reputation as a trusted internal partner for multiple organizations. Bryan holds a Bachelor of Arts from Vanderbilt University and is a certified executive coach.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Why Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS)'s Analyst Thinks Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Offers ... Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) s analyst firm believes that Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares are the best way to buy Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares. The analyst commented that BABA s current undervalued status allows room for multiple investment aspects.

Tax Efficiency for Spin.co

On the face of it, the undervaluation will allow tax efficiency for BABA Spin.co. Additionally, the negative trading that Yahoo! Inc is currently witnessing will lend further value-addition to the investment. Analysts of Morgan Stanley staked a claim that the play of financial aspects of Yahoo Inc. and its substantial stake in the potential growth-positive Alibaba Stake should be leveraged at current undervalued status.

Yahoo Shares Offer BABA at Discount

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) share purchase will be an attractive way to buy BABA shares along with a 20% discount at the current levels, the analyst point out. The company also reported that BABA s 2015 earnings growth is expected to be in the region of 9%, which is hugely attractive. The growth will come from acquisitions as well as investments, the company noted. The company also reported that Yahoo Inc. is likely to rebound to 37% by 2016, and therefore is currently favorable as the entry point stock.

BABA also has bullish prospects, Morgan and Stanley analysts affirmed, and the e-commerce giants leader position will eventually play-out into monetization, as well as long term opportunity.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), the analysts also noted, has seen an increase in the average time spent in news, entertainment as well as finance, via mobile, which has increased substantially over previous years  numbers. As Yahoo scales down in size, as BABA expands, the analyst predicts that the potential upside is visible. The upside of 1% on 2016 display estimates is also expected. the company noted. Here's Everything the Galaxy S6 Edge's Curved Screen Does Samsung s latest smartphones, the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge have landed, and they re the best handsets the company has ever produced. Of the two, however, the S6 Edge is by far the more interesting phone thanks to its unique curved screen that cascades off of its left and right sides.



That design element is also the reason the S6 Edge costs $100 more than the standard Galaxy S6. So what can a smartphone with a curved display do that a flat screen phone can? Let s go to the videotape.

1. Show you who s calling without seeing the screen

Samsung has equipped the Edge with what it calls Edge Lighting. The feature lets you place your phone face down on a table, and lights up only the edge of the screen when you receive a phone call, text, or email from one of five contacts.

You can assign each contact its own color. So if you set the color for your kid s contact info to blue, you ll be able to quickly tell that they are calling without having to pick up the phone whenever the side screen shines blue. Or you can set a color for your boss    let s say red    so that you know not to pick it up during certain times. (Always).

2. Check sports scores, news, and more

Like Samsung s other curved screen smartphone, the Galaxy Note Edge, the Galaxy S6 Edge includes Samsung s Information Stream feature. Information Stream provides you with a ticker-style news feed on the curved portion of the S6 Edge s screen.

Apps include Twitter Trends, Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Sports, and a Notifications feed. Additional apps are in the works.

Unfortunately, unlike the Note Edge, the Galaxy S6 Edge s Information Stream is only available when the main part of the display is turned off.

To access Information Stream, you have to swipe your finger back and forth over the curved part of the Edge s display. Swiping up or down the the edge lets you check different feeds in your Stream.

The one thing that would have been nice for Samsung to include with the S6 Edge that the Note Edge has is the ability to scroll through your available apps using the side screen.

3. A clock

If you want to check the time in the middle of the night, but don t want to light up your room with your phone s screen, you can simple look over your shoulder and check the dimly-lit clock on the S6 Edge s curved display.

Read More 
2015-09-27
Can Yahoo Survive? In spite of these factors, Yahoo's share price will likely decline because of bad management, its valuation being almost entirely contingent on Alibaba, and lackluster growth in its core business.

Bulls argue that now is a good time to buy Yahoo because of its stock buyback plan and potential gains from selling its stake in Alibaba.

Introduction

Yahoo! (NASDAQ: YHOO) is near a 52-week low and continues to trend lower. It started the year trading at $50.66 and is currently at $29.13, a decline of 42.5%. This decline has occurred in spite of the fact that last year it unloaded 140 million shares of Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) for an after-tax gain of about $6.3 billion. Yahoo still owns about 384 million shares of Alibaba, or about 15% of it.

After experiencing a lackluster year, bulls are now arguing that Yahoo looks attractive because of its stock buyback plan and potential gains from selling its stake in Alibaba. Taking a closer look at each of these claims actually highlights the poor situation Yahoo is in. In fact, Yahoo's share price will continue to decline because of bad management, its valuation being almost entirely contingent on Alibaba, and lackluster growth in its core business. Although Yahoo has already experienced a significant decline, it has not bottomed out yet.

Yahoo's Positives?

The bull case for Yahoo is its stock buyback plan and the potential gains from selling its stake in Alibaba. Looking carefully at both of these claims on an individual and collective level actually highlight the numerous challenges Yahoo faces.

In terms of its share buyback plan, it's important to look at the overall goal of this program and to evaluate how it has fared so far. But before we consider Yahoo's buyback plan, it's worth considering both the positives and negatives of share buyback plans in general.

On the positive side, a share buyback plan can be a good way to give confidence to investors that the management team will help support a company's share price. A good buyback plan can be a signal of strength and recognition of the importance of providing shareholder value.

On the negative side, a share buyback plan can be a costly endeavor depending on how it is deployed and whether or not it actually provides support for a company's share price. More problematically, it drains money that could otherwise be used to support growth.

While many companies successfully employ share buyback plans, this does not appear to be the case with Yahoo. To support this claim, we have to take a look back at the history of Yahoo's share buyback plans.

Yahoo has a long history of share repurchase plans. Back in 2001, Yahoo authorized a half-billion dollar share repurchase plan that was completed in March 2005. It then authorized a $3 billion repurchase plan to cover the subsequent five-years. In June 2010, it authorized an additional $3 billion repurchase plan. But here is where it gets interesting. Between June 2010 and December 2011, Yahoo repurchased $2.4 billion in shares. Between January 2012 and November 2013, Yahoo spent $5.3 billion on repurchasing shares and authorized an additional $5 billion to repurchase even more shares. From that point until March of this year, Yahoo repurchased about $4.6 billion in shares and then authorized an additional $2.0 billion buyback plan. This means that since around the end of March, Yahoo has about $2.73 billion to spend on share repurchasing until the end of December 2016.

So from 2001 until early 2010, Yahoo had authorized $3.5 billion to repurchase shares, the vast majority of which it used. But then between June of 2010 and March 2015, it repurchased $12.3 billion in shares. Since it did not repurchase any shares in Q2 this year, this means that it still has $2.73 billion to spend until December 2016 to support its share price.

Taking a broader look at the share repurchase plan, it appears that there are two different phases for Yahoo. The ten-year phase from 2001 - until the middle of 2010 saw $3.5 billion authorized to repurchase shares in a targeted manner with an aim to insure share holder value. But the five years from July 1, 2010 - July 1, 2015 saw $12.3 billion in shares repurchased that has done little to support Yahoo's long-term growth. These recent five-years are what is most relevant and looking at this period highlights Yahoo's problems.

Before examining this issue further, let us first visualize the numbers and look at a basic chart of its share price to get some idea about the effects of its share repurchase program.

Date Total Shares Percent +/- Market Cap (bn) Percent +/- June 30, 2010 1,348,278,127 - ~$19 + June 30, 2015 941,390,84 -30% ~$37 +95%

Constructed based on 2010 and 2015 Q2 Reports

Source: Scottrade.com

On a superficial level, it appears that things have gotten better for Yahoo. Market capitalization nearly doubled in 5-years while the number of shares on the market declined by almost a third. But of course, this is only a snapshot and doesn't tell the whole story. Broader context is also important. In 2010, the stock market was still oversold because of the 2008 financial crisis. Now we've been in a bull market now for the past six-years. In addition, back in 2010 Yahoo's stake in Alibaba was not a major component of its valuation the way it is now.

Given this context, evaluating Yahoo's share buyback plan is considerably more complex. Yahoo's market capitalization peaked in November 2014 around $49 billion, being lifted alongside Alibaba. But just as it rose with Alibaba, so too has it fallen. At its current share price, Yahoo's market capitalization sits at around $27.4 billion. But given that Yahoo owns almost 384 million shares of Alibaba and those shares are currently valued at $22.7 billion since it is trading at $59.24, that means that the market currently values Yahoo at on $4.7 billion if we remove its Alibaba holdings.

This brings us back to the repurchase plan and evaluating its overall efficacy. Given that most of Yahoo's current market capitalization is based on its holdings of Alibaba shares, this means that the repurchase plan has done little to bolster investor confidence in Yahoo's core holdings or earning potential. This then undercuts the overall value of its repurchase plan and thus supports the case that the last five-years of its repurchase plan have actually hurt the company. Yahoo should not have spent $12.3 billion to repurchase shares and should have instead been investing its resources into new avenues of growth. A more modest repurchase plan - something along what it had done from 2001 through the middle of 2010 - would have been far more appropriate.

Since Yahoo has already spent that money, it is more important to evaluate its current share repurchase plan. It now has $2.73 billion available to repurchase shares. But this money will not provide much support to Yahoo's share price. It would be far more prudent to spend this money investing in growth rather than additional stock repurchasing.

Looking more closely at Alibaba, it is clear that the fate of Yahoo is deeply intertwined with Alibaba. However, other than Yahoo's intelligent $1 billion initial investment in Alibaba back in 2005 that gave it 40% control of the company, it has not really managed its holdings in the company all that well. In September 2012, Yahoo completed the sale of half of its holdings in Alibaba back to the company for $7.1 billion, and pocketed about $4.3 billion after taxes. If Yahoo had held onto these share longer, it would have reaped substantially more from the sale of these shares after its IPO. Regardless, if you combine the $4.3 billion it received in 2012 with the $6.3 billion it made on its IPO in 2014, that means Yahoo received a total of $10.6 billion after tax for the 25% of Alibaba that it sold. It received significantly less than it should have for its shares, but at least it still owns 15% of Alibaba.

But what to do with the 15% it owns of Alibaba has been a contentious issue. Earlier this month, Yahoo's plans to spin off its stake in Alibaba in order to avoid taxes hit a bump in the road when the IRS said it would not offer tax guidance on its proposed spinoff. If Yahoo had to pay 39% taxes on its holdings of Alibaba, at its current price that would mean it would have to pay almost $8.9 billion in taxes alone. This would still mean that Yahoo would end up making $13.8 billion from selling its stake in Alibaba.

Although there remains uncertainty about the possible tax implications from the sale of its holdings in Alibaba, it still has a few other options it could pursue to avoid getting a major tax hit. It could spin-off its core businesses and retain it's Alibaba stake under its main company. This would be cheaper and is estimated that a spin off of its core assets would only cost $1.5 billion. Alternatively, it could do nothing and wait to hear what the IRS ultimately decides.

Regardless of what Yahoo decides, the future of the company is tied to Alibaba. While a nearly $14 billion dollar sale of Alibaba would help to recapitalize Yahoo, other longer term issues remain problematic.

Yahoo in Decline

While the bull case for Yahoo has significant problems upon closer inspection, the bear case against Yahoo looks stronger ever day. Yahoo's share price will face additional downward pressure because of bad management, its valuation being almost entirely contingent on Alibaba, and lackluster growth in its core business.

Above all, Yahoo has poor leadership. Its CEO, Marissa Mayer, has done little to help the company and a lot to make things worse. A lengthy piece last year in the NY Times on Mayer's leadership highlights the problems with here leadership style. She is a micromanager who wanted to fundamentally reshape Yahoo along the lines of a start-up. As the article notes:

Reared in Google's data-obsessed culture, Mayer tended to require countless tests about user preferences before making an important product decision...

Mayer feels the need for her decisions to be supreme and to be data-driven in her leadership. While this has some merits and data awareness has helped Google reach amazing heights, it has been a tough sell given Yahoo's sclerotic organizational culture. Her constant attempts to upend Yahoo's entrenched systems have actually made things worse. As the article notes:

Mayer also had a habit of operating on her own time. Every Monday at 3 p.m. Pacific, she asked her direct reports to gather for a three-hour meeting. Mayer demanded all of her staff across the world join the call, so executives from New York, where it was 6 p.m., and Europe, where it was 11 p.m. or later, would dial in, too. Invariably, Mayer herself would be at least 45 minutes late; some calls were so delayed that Yahoo executives in Europe couldn't hang up till after 3 a.m. In theory, Mayer kept up with her direct reports through weekly individual meetings. In practice, she often went weeks without seeing them... Mayer's largest management problem, however, related to the start-up culture she had tried to instill. Early on, she banned working from home...Mayer also favored a system of quarterly performance reviews, or Q.P.R.s, that required every Yahoo employee, on every team, be ranked from 1 to 5. The system was meant to encourage hard work and weed out underperformers, but it soon produced the exact opposite. Because only so many 4s and 5s could be allotted, talented people no longer wanted to work together; strategic goals were sacrificed, as employees did not want to change projects and leave themselves open to a lower score.

What this demonstrates is a micromanager completely unaware of how to effectively run a large corporation. It is incredibly difficult to be an effective CEO if you are a micromanager who pushes radical change that ends up backfiring in the long run. This is what has happened with her in charge, as Yahoo's core businesses continue to face serious difficulties and growth remains nonexistent. All the while, Mayer has made working at Yahoo a terrible experience.

Another problem with Yahoo is that its valuation is entirely contingent on Alibaba. Alibaba's $105 billion lock-up period has just ended and this means that a lot of shares could be on the open market very soon. Alibaba had a challenging first year and has faced a variety of problems, including lawsuits and broader problems in the Chinese economy. It remains to be seen where Alibaba's share price will go.

While Alibaba faces serious challenges and potential downward pressure, it is dangerous for Yahoo's valuation to continue to be so closely tied to Alibaba. A significant sell-off in Alibaba will hurt Yahoo, as has been seen in the past few months. Until Yahoo figures out what to do with its holdings in Alibaba and its share price finally dissociates with Alibaba, investing in Yahoo will inextricably tied to the fate - for good or ill - of Alibaba.

Finally, Yahoo's core business lacks growth. While its 35% share of Yahoo Japan is bringing in solid revenue, Yahoo has not seen significant growth in its US assets. In the last quarter, it only saw 5% Y/Y revenue growth, while overall revenue remained flat at $1.04 billion. It also had revenue of $1.04 billion in Q1, a decline of 4.6% Y/Y. In eight of the past ten quarters, net revenue has either declined or remained constant. This contradicts CEO Mayer's promises to get Yahoo growing again. If we look at how the market values Yahoo's core business today, it provides a pessimistic outlook for its future:

Ownership Shares (million) Stock Price 9/25/15 Market Value (billion) Yahoo US 941,390 $29.13 $27.4 Yahoo Japan 5,694,900 $7.55 $4.5 Yahoo ownership of BABA 383,565 $59.24 $22.7 Yahoo without BABA $4.7

What this demonstrates is that Yahoo's core U.S. assets are currently valued at $0.2 billion, hence indicating that investors remain pessimistic about Yahoo's long-term ability to grow. The bottom line is that without growth, Yahoo's core business will continue to struggle to compete against competitors like Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) and this will hurt its share price.

Conclusion

While Yahoo has the potential to turn thing around depending on how it deals with its remaining shares of Alibaba, its core business is flailing. In spite of a massive five-year share buyback plan, this has not significantly helped Yahoo's share price or jump start its business. Investors remain very skeptical about Yahoo's value and with good reason.

Although Yahoo is cheaper than it has been in quite some time, it remains an unattractive company. It's very survival is at stake because of poor management, its valuation being almost entirely contingent on Alibaba, and lackluster growth in its core business. Without significant changes in the near future, Yahoo's long-term viability remains questionable at best.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-09-09
M&A Daily: Yahoo, Death And Taxes  A Narrowing Of The HSR Investment-Only Exemption Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Is Marissa Mayer on 'Reprieve From Death Row' at Yahoo? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

41:16 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) SEC steps up enforcement actions against CPAs for cooking books The Securities and Exchange Commission fined Bankrate Inc. RATE, +0.00% $15 million to settle charges that it engaged in accounting fraud to ensure that its financial results met analyst expectations, Reuters reported on Tuesday. The company s former Chief Financial Officer Edward DiMaria and former director of accounting Matthew Gamsey, were also sued. The litigation continues against DiMaria and Gamsey. Former vice president of finance Hyunjin Lerner settled for $180,045 settlement for his role in the scheme. The SEC accused the company and the finance officials of scheming to boost revenue and understate expenses to meet analyst targets for adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the second quarter of 2012.

That wasn't the only accounting-related SEC enforcement action announced Tuesday.

An SEC news release said the agency had charged MusclePharm MSLP, +1.38% with omitting or understating nearly a half-million dollars  worth of perks bestowed upon its executives, including approximately $244,000 paid to CEO Brad Pyatt related to automobiles, apparel, meals, golf club memberships, and his personal tax and legal services. Then-audit committee chair Donald Prosser became directly involved in the process, but MusclePharm continued filing financial statements that neglected to include the disclosures. Andrew J. Ceresney, Director of the SEC s Division of Enforcement said in a statement,  Prosser, MusclePharm s audit committee chair, subjected himself to liability when he substituted his wrong interpretation of SEC rules for the views of experts the company had hired, resulting in an incorrect disclosure.  MusclePharm agreed to pay a $700,000 penalty and hire an independent monitor for one year among other undertakings. CEO Pyatt agreed to pay a $150,000 penalty, and Prosser and former chief financial officer L. Gary Davis Davis each agreed to pay $30,000 penalties. Davis and another former chief financial officer, Lawrence Meer, agreed to be suspended from practicing as an accountant on behalf of any SEC-regulated entities with a right to reapply after three and two years, respectively.

In an SEC press briefing on the actions, MarketWatch asked Ceresney if this was a trend, given the number of CPAs and accounting related charges yesterday. Ceresney said the agency is very focused on financial reporting issues and on accounting personnel, especially gatekeepers such as auditors and audit committee members.

Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% disclosed in a filing Tuesday that it withdrew its request for a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service last week after it received word that the agency wouldn t approve it, The Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. The request dealt with plans for a tax-free spinoff of Yahoo s company s remaining stake in Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.. BABA, -0.38% Soul Cycle s separation from parent EHI may have a similar problem since it relies on the same tax-free spinoff structure under U.S. tax law. If not approved, it will leave Soul Cycle exposed to significant tax liabilities, MarketWatch reported in July at the time of its IPO filing. The IRS is no longer providing private-letter rulings guaranteeing tax-free treatment. MarketWatch quoted tax lawyers Steptoe & Johnson LLP saying they expect the deal would qualify, but it is not set in stone and may be shaky given Yahoo s news.

United Airlines UAL, -1.23% chairman and chief executive Jeff Smisek and two other senior officials have resigned on the heels of a federal corruption probe, the Washington Post reported late Tuesday. Bloomberg said the probe centers on what happened at a dinner between Smisek and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie s top Port Authority official, David Samson, in September 2011. Bloomberg s report dates back to April. Samson was  playful, but not joking,  according to Bloomberg sources about a request to Smisek to revive a route service from Newark to Columbia, South Carolina, 100 miles closer to his vacation home than Newark was to Charlotte. Smisek was there looking for funding for several projects, including an estimated $600 million extension of the PATH train from downtown Newark to the airport. Samson asked about it more than once in conjunctions with meetings and decisions points related to United s requests. The airline ultimately added the route, which lost money, and it became known as  the chairman s flight.  The Washington Post said United Continental Holdings, which owns the airline, said in a February filing that a federal grand jury had subpoenaed the company and its executives about the potential corruption probe. United said Tuesday that it is cooperating with that ongoing investigation and is conducting its own investigation. Google Gets Fingerprinting Patents Nixed Under Alice Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. 
2015-09-11
Straight Outta Sunnyvale: Yahoo manager gone after racially-charged e-mail In mid-August, a hip-hop loving Yahoo Inc. employee attempted to channel the gritty language of the recently released movie Straight Outta Compton, but ended up straight out of his job.

Jerry Shen, a director of engineering at the technology giant s fantasy sports unit, sent an intercompany e-mail that opened with:  Wuddup my n*****, Ice Cube here,  according to e-mails obtained by The Globe and Mail. (Mr. Shen included the asterisks.) By the end of that day, a senior Yahoo executive said in another e-mail that Mr. Shen was no longer with the company.

Mr. Shen had joined Yahoo when his fantasy sports app company was acquired by the Sunnyvale, Calif., tech giant in 2013.

The incident has come to light at a time when Yahoo chief executive officer Marissa Mayer is under fire for failing to orchestrate a sustained turnaround at the web search and portal company   which some analysts feel is failing to monetize users, focus on mobile applications and is valuable only for its big stakes in Yahoo Japan Corp. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.

This week, a marketing professor with New York University s Stern School of Business said in a TV interview that Yahoo should be  euthanized  and that Ms. Mayer was  the most overpaid CEO in history.  It also occurs as big media and tech companies are attempting to cash in on the lucrative, but still rapidly evolving, fantasy sports apps. The apps are played by more than 56 million people in the U.S. and Canada   even as tech firms continue to grapple with traditional issues of gender and racial diversity in a field that is dominated by male engineers and their macho, so-called  bro-grammer  culture.

Mr. Shen s e-mail, which was titled  Straight outta Sunnyvale,  a reference to where Yahoo is based, detailed the release of the Silicon Valley firm s new Daily Fantasy Football applications for Apple Inc. s iOS platform and desktop computers. As for whether the software was ready for Android phones, Mr. Shen wrote:  Just playin  man they ain t done with that sh** yet. Ya ll motha****** MUST be crazy!! 

The e-mail, which appeared to have been sent widely within Yahoo Sports on Aug. 14, prompted several replies.

 It s sadly inevitable as a black person that you hear the  N  word as you mentioned from time to time,  Yahoo Sports NBA writer Marc Spears, who chairs the National Association of Black Journalists sports task force, wrote around 4 p.m.  I ve heard it since childhood. I just never thought I would hear it on a work e-mail with Yahoo. Well, at least we know what you think about us. 

By 8:45 p.m. that day, there was a response from Kelly Hirano, who is listed on LinkedIn as Yahoo Sports  vice-president of engineering.

 I wanted to give you all an update on Jerry Shen: As of this afternoon, he is no longer a Yahoo employee,  Mr. Hirano wrote, adding that  Jerry s directs  would now report to him.  [What s] important to keep in mind is that Daily Fantasy remains a critical product for Sports and Yahoo. With the NFL season just around the corner, we need to focus on that execution and delivering what we know to be an awesome product. 

A Yahoo spokesperson confirmed that Mr. Shen was  no longer with the company,  but declined to discuss the incident, saying that Yahoo does not  comment on internal matters. 

Mr. Spears did not respond to a request for comment.

Mr. Shen, when asked about the incident in a LinkedIn message, replied that he was  not looking to talk about it at this time.  In a Twitter post on Aug. 17, he wrote that it was his  First day of funemployment,  and that he was  making breakfast while bumping hip hop  on his Sonos wireless speaker system. His light-hearted LinkedIn profile, which notes he used to be a  code monkey  and lead teams of software engineers at the U.S. aerospace and defence giant Lockheed Martin, now lists him as  House Husband at Shen Inc.  In a separate Twitter message, he posted a photo of his $120,000 Tesla Model S, and said it was for sale.

Mr. Shen, who quit Lockheed Martin to build apps, joined Yahoo after building up a successful, one-man company called Bignoggins Productions that made fantasy sports apps. His Fantasy Football Monster application rose to become the No. 1 paid sports app in Apple s App store. Although the acquisition price paid to Mr. Shen was never disclosed, an article about him and the deal in the San Francisco Chronicle said analysts estimated it was worth  tens of millions of dollars. 

That article reports that the move from a one-man fantasy sports app company to a corporation with 11,000 employees was a  major transition  for the informal, hip-hop-loving entrepreneur. Mr. Shen notes on LinkedIn that he was  usually either working at home, or mooching WiFi from caf s and various religious institutions,  when he was working for himself. At Yahoo,  my first day was a lot of getting used to being in a big company again,  he said, according to the Chronicle.

Silicon Valley technology and venture capital firms, of course, have long been criticized for their hard-driving, male-dominated workplaces   as evidenced by the recent, unsuccessful lawsuit waged by Ellen Pao against VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. She claimed she was not promoted because she was a woman, and alleged that a married partner once gave her a book of erotic poetry.

According to Yahoo, which releases gender and ethnicity data as do other Silicon Valley tech firms, the company is 62 per cent male   a figure that climbs to 84 per cent in technology-specific jobs. Black employees are a small minority, accounting for just 2 per cent of the staff. Yahoo s broader work force is 47 per cent white, while 43 per cent of Yahoo employees are  Asian,  according to its data.

Meghna Virick, a professor of management at San Jose State University, said Mr. Shen s prompt departure from Yahoo was  harsh  and a missed opportunity to have a broader discussion at the company about what is permissible.  Yes, it s embarrassing, and yes, it s humiliating, but it s sometimes good to let this stuff surface,  Prof. Virick said.  It s important to have discussions about it, to treat this as an opportunity to talk about it with the rest of the Yahoo community. Because if [Mr. Shen] felt comfortable documenting it by e-mail, there s a likelihood that there could be a culture of disrespect. 

Prof. Virick said Google Inc. has done outreach to her own university campus in an attempt to lure more African-American and Hispanic employees, but that the industry remains dominated by white and Asian men. She said this could lead to a  similar-to-me bias,  where managers only hire people who look like themselves   and cultivate a work environment with certain cultural norms. But whereas this only used to apply to white men, she said, it might be beginning to apply to Asian men, as well.  The moment you have a large enough cohort within an organization, you re bound to see some of that,  Prof. Virick said.

The following is the text from Jerry Shen s e-mail to Yahoo staff. The words and punctuation are verbatim, asterisks included.

Aug. 14 at 2:34 p.m.

From: Jerry Shen

To: Employees working on the Yaho 

Subject: STRAIGHT OUTTA SUNNYVALE: Daily Fantasy Football

Wuddup my n*****,

Ice Cube here. In addition to promoting my new film  Straight Outta Compton , in theaters now, I m here to represent for my homies on the Yahoo Daily Fantasy team. They busted ass to bring you what you all been waiting for: Daily Fantasy Football! Starting today, they gonna have NFL preseason contests on staging. To play:

1) On desktop: hit up [link]

2) On iOS: download the latest dogfood app which will point to the staging environment

3) On android: Just playin  man they ain t done with that sh** yet. Ya ll motha****** MUST be crazy!!

4) Join the Straight Outta Sunnyvale contest before 4pm today: [link]

Please join contests, create contests, invite your homies, and make sure to holler at the team at [link] if you find some whack sh**.

One more thing, the team is also testing out deposit bonuses. How this works is for every dollar you put in, we give you another dollar. If you signed up for fantasy football we give you two dollars. It s easy money baby! When you spend money on a contest that runs, your deposit bonus becomes real money at a rate of 4 per cent. For ya ll suckas who bad at math that means if you enter a $1 contest you get 4c from your bonus. So try that out and make sure you get PAID.

So don t be a PUNK, help dogfood Daily Fantasy football so we can go get that paper.

 Give it up smooth! Ain t no tellin  when I m down for a jack move. 

Peace out,

Ice Cube

N.W.A

Report Typo/Error Yahoo loses marketing chief Kathy Savitt to movie studio STX Yahoo Inc. is losing its marketing chief to a Hollywood movie studio, the latest setback for the Sunnyvale, Calif., tech giant.

Kathy Savitt, Yahoo's chief marketing officer since 2012, will join the new Burbank film and television company STX Entertainment to lead its digital content business next month, the studio said Friday.

The move comes at the end of a difficult week for Yahoo. The firm told investors Tuesday that the Internal Revenue Service declined to approve Yahoo s proposed tax-free spin-off of its $23-billion stake in the Chinese e-commerce behemoth Alibaba Group. Yahoo also lost its top European executive Dawn Airey. Yahoo s stock has declined nearly 40% this year, but rose 28 cents, or 1%, on Friday to $31.43.

NEWSLETTER: Get the day's top headlines from Times Editor Davan Maharaj >>

But Savitt s departure is a boost for STX. Producer Bob Simonds launched the company last year with TPG Capital, a private investment firm, to focus on films with low- to mid-level budgets of $20 million to $60 million. In April, STX secured an investment from Chinese film production company Huayi Bros. Media Corp. to co-produce and co-distribute movies.

STX is gearing up to make original short videos and long-form series for the Web at a time when Silicon Valley companies have increasingly courted Hollywood for content. Amazon Inc. and Netflix Inc. have invested heavily in original shows and Apple also has taken steps to get into the content business.

Savitt will report to Simonds and STX President Sophie Watts in her new role.

Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer had tasked Savitt with reviving Yahoo's flagging brand to appeal to a younger generation of consumers. Along with traditional marketing, she was responsible for the company s editorial teams and its push into original video. Last year she inked a deal with Beverly Hills music promoter Live Nation to air a daily series of concerts online.

Savitt was instrumental in reviving the cult series  Community  and launching the Paul Feig sci-fi comedy  Other Space  for Yahoo. Still, the company s digital video efforts have yet to yield many major hits.

 We appreciate her contributions to Yahoo over the past three years and wish her well,  a Yahoo spokesperson said in a terse statement.

Before joining Yahoo, Savitt founded Lockerz, a short-lived social commerce website focused on young audiences. She also previously led marketing at clothing brand American Eagle Outfitters, and ran content and entertainment initiatives for Amazon.

Simonds said Savitt will help kick-start the studio s online content business, leveraging its relationships with movie stars and major writers and directors.

 What we're trying to do is say, how do we take the talent swirling around us and channel it into the digital infrastructure?  Simonds said.

STX achieved early success last month with its first release  The Gift,  a low-budget thriller produced by horror maestro Jason Blum. The $5-million movie has grossed more than $40 million in the United States and Canada.

Follow Ryan Faughnder on Twitter for more entertainment business coverage: @rfaughnder.

ALSO

'Star Wars' sections of 2 Disney parks will break ground in 2016

M. Night Shyamalan's 'The Visit' launches to $1 million Thursday

Women and minority TV directors rank low among first-time hires, study shows Yahoo's CEO missed her chance to rethink parental leave Over the past week, blogosphere and Twittersphere have been alive with commentary about Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer s pregnancy and her plans to take a limited two-week maternity leave   much less than the eight weeks of paid leave she gives the rest of her employees . The news flurry came at a very interesting time for me as I m coming to the end of my second maternity leave.

I agree that Mayer missed a wonderful leadership opportunity to frame her choice about maternity leave and to create options for many other parents-to-be. Like many, I wish she had couched her announcement with the caveat that this is what works for her, and that she is proud that Yahoo ( yhoo ) has the generous parental leave policy it does ( which she helped create ).

That said, Mayer should absolutely do what she thinks works best for her, her family, and her company (and her shareholders and investors). If she thinks two weeks at home works best for her, then I salute that.

After all, we can work from wherever, whenever. So why are we so rigid about our choices around parental leave? We must remember that we now have the power to be more agile than ever before. Everything from our smart phones to our grocery delivery services to our health care to our lattes can be customized. All too often, new parents follow the  prescribed  leave policy rather than thinking through what is in their best interest and what works best for them as a family. Parents should be given the option to design what works for them without criticism or complaint.

I am the CEO of my own company. Granted, it is a very small company, but it is still a company that needs leadership, guidance, and my presence at the top. I absolutely love my work. But I also absolutely love my children. I had to work exceptionally hard to conceive and carry them , and I am crazy in love with them. I want to be with them every minute of the day, but I also love my work and have a business to run. I am fortunate that I have a tremendous amount of flexibility and agility about when and where I work.

My advice for parents - to - be : consider what is right for you. What is your ideal time off? Is it together? Is it separate? Is it based on when family can help you? There are so many choices you can make on your own behalf. For example, right after birth, babies are still super sleepy (they call this the fourth trimester). Maybe you would want to take leave after the baby s first six to eight weeks, when you can travel more comfortably or when your newborn is more alert.

Think through different scenarios. Think about your preferences. Think about your options. And remember that there is a new boss about to arrive on the scene your baby. You don t know what her temperament will be; you don t know how your delivery will go; you don t know how your body will respond; and you don t know what your new boss s schedule will be. That said, dare to dream. Dare to think about what might work for you. Know that rarely are we given license to design and create optimal situations, so try to create the solution that works best for you.

Learn from others who are great parents, have great careers, and are people you admire. How did they do it? What leave did they take? Find success systems and copy them. And ask for help and advice.

Now, for companies, you have the right to put parameters on parental leave that work for your organization. Once companies establish the parameters, parents-to-be and their supervisors can explore agility within this. For example, teleworking: What work can be done remotely? What can be done from home?

Companies should engage parents and parents-to-be to help them think through and decide what works for them. This will increase engagement, retention and commitment to your organization.

And don t forget to engage your employees after they return from leave; what they think works before leave might be very different from what actually worked for them after the baby was born. The ideal parental leave will be different based on many scenarios, including the family situation at home; the child himself; the projects at work; market demands; life stages; seasons of the year. There are so many variables that it makes sense to be as flexible as possible when it comes to parental leave policies. Sometimes your best-laid plans get tossed out the window, so agility is key.

Take my two children. Baby number one was very, very complicated. At 30 weeks, 75% into my pregnancy, I was on total bed rest, in the hospital. My baby s health was a clear priority, so I cancelled keynote speaking engagements; delayed deliverables ; and found replacements. He was delivered six weeks early, and then he spent four weeks in the NICU. While he was in the NICU, I actually went back to work a week after he was born. This kept me sane and intellectually occupied during a very stressful period. Plus, the NICU team covered the night shifts, so I was able to rest and recover very quickly.

Courtesy of Nicole VonDette

Baby number two was not complicated at all, but based on my experience with baby number one, I didn t book engagements, talks, or anything client-facing in my third trimester. And wouldn t you know it, the pregnancy was easy as pie, and she arrived a week late. So many people had warned me that baby number two would be a nightmare, especially with a two-year old at home, that I spent months preparing my house and freezing meals. But this baby is so easy I am taking six weeks off and then a very slow return to work, and I am enjoying every minute of this time with her, my son, and my husband. This is a much longer leave than with my first, but it works great for me, my family, my clients, and my business.

Going back to Marissa Mayer   yes, she is held to a different, higher standard than most CEOs and most women in the working world, given her high-profile career. P arents and parents-to-be must cultivate awareness about what works for them and their family, and anticipate that this might change. They should tap the wisdom of parents they admire and ask what worked for them. Parents need to savor this special time in the way that works best for them.

Companies should set clear parameters and then allow individuals to create solutions that work for them. Companies should think outside the box to engage, retain, and inspire their parents. If everyone from parents to companies keeps agility and flexibility in mind and makes decisions based on what is best for them, parental leave can work for everyone.

Camille Preston is the founder and CEO of AIM Leadership. 20 years later, Lycos searches for rebirth Back in the late 1990s, when the World Wide Web was young, Lycos was among the Internet s most comprehensive and popular search engines. Its memorable TV ads featured a mascot, a big black Labrador retriever, that could find anything you wanted: new clothes, sports cars, even super model Claudia Schiffer.

The Waltham company was among the first respected global Internet brands, and it helped establish Greater Boston as a center of online commerce, a challenger to the West Coast titans Yahoo Inc. and Microsoft Corp.

But ravaged by management infighting and the great dot-com bust, Lycos went from technology titan to Internet  also-ran. Unable to match Google s superior search technology or Amazon.com s excellence as an online retailer, Lycos saw its audience dwindle. A series of foreign owners have failed to revive the company s former glory.

Yet it managed to avoid the fate of other Internet pioneers, hanging on as the technology world evolved radically in a few short years. Now, Lycos is trying to be relevant again by capitalizing on the emerging technology that connects people with their homes, cars, and other objects of everyday life, the so-called Internet of Things.

 It s a new direction, but we feel the entire Internet is moving this way,  said Lycos president Brad Cohen.

In June, the company launched a line of wearable devices, called Lycos Life, that includes a fitness wristband and ring. Each can be used to control household items and communicate with smartphones and other computers. The ring contains a chip for short-range communications   unlocking the front door and setting the air conditioner to 68 degrees, for example. The fitness band features a Bluetooth radio transmitter that could control home gadgets from farther away.

IDC Corp. of Framingham reported in June that the Internet of Things already includes 10.3 billion devices worldwide, and that global sales of IoT-compatible devices will reach $1.7 trillion by 2020.

Tech titans like Google Inc. and Apple Inc. are maneuvering to dominate the field, while companies such as Fitbit Inc.

have a headstart in wearables that Lycos will be hard-pressed to match.

Time was, Lycos was a dominant  Internet company.

In 1995, CMG Information Services Inc. (CMGI), a Wilmington company that managed mailing lists for marketing companies, purchased Internet search technology invented by Michael  Fuzzy  Mauldin, a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

 I started Lycos on my desk at Carnegie Mellon and two years later it was a publicly traded company,  said Mauldin, who now raises cattle in Texas and participates in a robot fighting league.  We had the biggest and best catalog until Google came along later. 

Its first chief executive, Bob Davis, built a network of online services through acquisitions, including the game site Gamesville, dating service Matchmaker.com, and Tripod and Angelfire, where people could build their own websites.

 We were a very acquisitive company with a lot of businesses we brought in-house,  Davis recalled.

By 1999, the Lycos network attracted more than 31 million visitors every month.  We were bigger than Google,  Davis said.  We were bigger than Yahoo. 

The first hint of trouble came when Lycos announced a $22 billion merger with Ticketmaster and the Home Shopping Network in February 1999. Lycos investors complained the deal undervalued their shares, at a time when stocks of Internet companies were soaring. Its stock plummeted, and so did the value of the deal, to $17 billion. The merger collapsed after CMGI, which still owned 20 percent of Lycos, came out strongly against it.

Before it became Gillette Stadium, the home of the New England Patriots was briefly known as CMGI Field.

Lycos found a new suitor in a Spanish Internet company, Terra Networks. In May 2000, the companies announced a stock-swap merger valued at $12.5 billion. Again, investors griped, and Lycos shares quickly lost 20 percent of their value. The deal eventually closed with a value of just $5.5 billion.

By then, the notorious dot-com bubble had burst, relegating many once-famous Internet companies to the dust bin. Meantime, Google had perfected a superior Internet search service, which won over many Lycos loyalists.

In 2004, Terra sold Lycos to South Korea s Daum Communications Corp. for $115 million, a fraction of what it had paid four years earlier. Lycos  audience kept dwindling, but the company managed to turn a modest profit even as its value continued to decline. In 2010, Ybrant Digital Ltd., an online advertising company in India, paid just $36 million for Lycos, then changed its corporate name to Lycos Internet Ltd. In May, Lycos made a major strategic shift, selling or licensing its key search and advertising patents and betting its future on the Internet of Things.

 Considering that the wearables market is still in its initial stages, everything s on the table,  said chief executive Suresh Reddy. The company had revenue of $320 million, and a $55.96 million profit in its most recent fiscal year.

Still, Ramon Llamas, a wearables analyst at IDC, foresees a painful comeback for Lycos.  It s hard to build a brand, especially one that didn t have much to do with fitness or wearables,  he said.  I think it s just going to raise an eyebrow.  You re back? Why?   

The new strategy has drawn Fuzzy Mauldin back to the fold. The computer scientist who spawned the original Lycos was named a director in August    the first company to get me to work on anything in 20 years    and will help Lycos develop systems to give people instant control of digital devices without sacrificing privacy.

And former CEO Bob Davis, a prominent local venture investor, believes the Lycos name will help sell its new identity.  The company still has a brand that is recognizable,  he said.  I think leveraging that brand equity is a smart idea. 

A LYCOS TIMELINE

1993

Mosaic is the first Web browser to become popular with the general public.

1995

June: CMG Information Services of Wilmington buys the rights to the Lycos Web searching technology developed by Dr. Michael  Fuzzy  Mauldin of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

1996

September: Lycos launches the first search engine to find pictures and sounds online.

1998

September: Google is formed in California.

A tiny upstart, Amazon.com, focuses on selling books.

1998

February: Lycos acquires Tripod, a Web-hosting service founded in Williamstown by Bo Peabody , for $58 million. At the time Tripod was one of the 10 most popular sites on the Internet.

, for $58 million. At the time Tripod was one of the 10 most popular sites on the Internet. August: Buys WhoWhere for $133 million and picks up the Web-hosting service Angelfire and free e-mail provider MailCity.

October: Buys Wired Digital, the online operation of Wired magazine, for $83 million in stock.

1999

February: Lycos chief executive Bob Davis (near right) announces plan to merge with USA Networks and Ticketmaster, owned by media mogul Barry Diller, to create a $17 billion Internet conglomerate. But Lycos shares fall sharply as investors feel the complex stock swap undervalues the company.

(near right) announces plan to merge with USA Networks and Ticketmaster, owned by media mogul to create a $17 billion Internet conglomerate. But Lycos shares fall sharply as investors feel the complex stock swap undervalues the company. March: CMGI chief executive David Wetherell expresses doubts about the deal and quits the Lycos board in protest.

April: Lycos passes Yahoo to become the most visited destination on the Web.

May: Deal with USA Networks and Ticketmaster falls through.

2000

May: Spanish Internet company Terra Networks agrees to acquire Lycos for $12.6 billion in stock.

agrees to acquire Lycos for $12.6 billion in stock. October: Terra Lycos merger is complete. But because of Terra s falling share price, its value has sunk to $5.4 billon.

2000

February: Internet company AOL agrees to buy Time Warner for $164 billion, the largest merger ever.

March: The dot-com stock bubble hits its peak, as the Nasdaq reaches 5,048.62, double its level of a year before.

April: Federal court rules that Microsoft is a monopoly, further undercutting the technology boom.

2001

February: Bob Davis resigns from Terra Lycos. By late March, Lycos shares have fallen 30 percent.

2004

Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg launches thefacebook.com.

October: Terra sells Lycos to Daum Communications of South Korea for $95 million.

2006

Twitter is launched.

2007

Apple releases its first iPhone.

2010

August: Daum sells Lycos to Ybrant Digital of India for $36 million.

Social photo-sharing sites Pinterest and Instagram debut.

2015

June: Lycos introduces new line of wearable devices, announces plans to become a major player in the Internet of Things.

August:  Fuzzy  Mauldin returns to company as a director.

SOURCES: Globe research; Pew Research Center Strange but true: NFL team could, in theory, score one-point safety Time to review the league's new extra-point rules, shall we?

Yes, the single-point after-touchdown try is now longer; you likely have heard by now that it's a 33-yard attempt to turn six points into seven with a made kick.

But did you know a team could score a one-point safety for the first time in league history?

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!]

The rule changes that allow for the defensive team to try to prevent an extra point/two-point try also allow a two-point safety the other way. Example: After a TD, the Seahawks go for two, Russell Wilson tries to throw an out route to Jimmy Graham, the ball is intercepted by Alec Ogletree and run back 98 yards. Not only do the Seahawks fail on the conversion but   like the rule the NCAA has had for years   the Rams would be awarded two points, for a four-point swing.

But imagine this scenario ...

As noted by the New York Times, there's a chance for a 1-point safety, too. Say the Seahawks instead go for the extra-point try and it's blocked. The ball caroms backward and is pinballed down the field toward the opposite end zone. A defender   Ogletree, let's say   picks it up and runs toward his end zone but fumbles before he reaches paydirt, and the ball either is recovered by a Seahawk or is fumbled out of the end zone.

Boom! One point for the Rams. Jeff Fisher's ears just perked up.

Is it likely? No. In fact, the one-pointer might be the rarest play in football. But it has happened.

[Yahoo Daily Fantasy Football: Enter our $1 Million Week 1 contest]

This is a more likely way to score such a safety, which happened in the 2013 Fiesta Bowl between Oregon and Kansas State. The extra-point kick is blocked and the ball goes forward, toward the much closer end zone. The defender picks it up, tries to return it and is tackled by an Oregonian in the end zone to earn one point the hard way.

Is this going to happen much? At all? Who knows?

But it's fun to imagine the scoring possibilities. There only have been 33 games in NFL history where a team has finished the game with exactly two points; the last time we had a 0-0 tie in the league was 1943. And naturally, we've never had a team finish with one measly point.

THAT COULD CHANGE!

Again, will that happen? Oh, probably not, but boy, oh boy, if that were to happen, one most certainly would be the loneliest number. Scoring one point actually be worse than getting shut out.

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm Aaron Task Named Digital Editor of Time Inc.'s Fortune NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aaron Task will become Digital Editor of Time Inc. s Fortune, effective September 24, it was announced today by Alan Murray, Editor of Fortune.

Task is an award-winning journalist with more than 20 years of experience covering business and finance. He was previously the editor-in-chief of Yahoo Finance. Before joining Yahoo in 2008, he spent 10 years at TheStreet.com in a variety of roles, including executive editor. He also served as the on-camera host for Yahoo s video efforts. Task is also the co-author, with Barry Ritholtz, of the 2008 book Bailout Nation.

 Fortune has made great progress since the launch of our web site only 14 months ago,  said Murray.   Aaron has the right skills to take us to the next stage. He is an accomplished journalist who understands the digital media world inside out, and he wins high praise from his Yahoo colleagues as both an editor and manager. 

Fortune.com launched as its own stand-alone web site in June 2014, when Time Inc. s joint venture with CNNMoney ended.

In August 2015, Fortune.com s traffic broke new records and showed exponential year-over-year growth. Unique visitors doubled from the previous year, to 15.9 million. Mobile visitors to the site hit an all-time high, up 390% year over year. Video plays on the site also increased tenfold year over year in August (Omniture).

Fortune s digital expansion mirrors that of Time Inc. The company's worldwide digital properties attract more than 140 million visitors each month. Time Inc.'s US multi-platform audience grew 32% year over year in June. During the past year, the company's videos generated more than 1 billion views, and its global social footprint continues to rise, having reached 159 million as of June 30.

ABOUT TIME INC.

Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME) is one of the world's leading media companies, with a monthly global print audience of over 120 million and worldwide digital properties that attract more than 140 million visitors each month, including over 60 websites. Our influential brands include People, Sports Illustrated, InStyle, Time, Real Simple, Southern Living, Entertainment Weekly, Travel + Leisure, Cooking Light, Fortune and Food & Wine, as well as more than 50 diverse titles in the United Kingdom, such as Decanter, Horse & Hound and Wallpaper*. Time Inc. is home to celebrated franchises and events, including the Fortune 500, Time 100, People s Sexiest Man Alive, Sports Illustrated s Sportsman of the Year, the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen, the Essence Festival and the biennial Fortune Global Forum. Hundreds of thousands of people attend our events every year. We have been extending the power of our brands through various investments and acquisitions, including the formation of Sports Illustrated Play, a new company devoted to youth and amateur sports, and the acquisition of inVNT, a company that specializes in live media. We also provide content marketing, targeted local print and digital advertising programs, branded book publishing and marketing and support services, including subscription sales services for magazines and other products, retail distribution and marketing services and customer service and fulfillment services, for ourselves and third-party clients, including other magazine publishers. 
2015-06-03
NFL names Yahoo! Inc. as Bill-Jaguars streaming partner The NFL has selected Yahoo! Inc. as its exclusive partner to deliver the first-ever live stream of an NFL game to a global audience across devices and for free.

The National Football League (NFL) announced today that it has selected Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) as its exclusive partner to deliver the first-ever live stream of an NFL game to a global audience across devices and for free. This partnership will bring the NFL s International Series game in London, between the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars on October 25, to Yahoo properties globally, including Yahoo, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Screen and Tumblr, which attract more than one billion monthly users.

 The NFL has always been committed to being at the forefront of media innovation. Through this partnership with Yahoo one of the world s most recognizable digital brands we are taking another important step in that direction as we continue to closely monitor the rapidly evolving digital media landscape,  said Roger Goodell, Commissioner of the National Football League.

 We're thrilled that the NFL has chosen Yahoo for this historic opportunity,  said Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo.  It marks a significant change in the way users can access this amazing content. The NFL and Yahoo have both long engaged football fans around the world. Our partnership provides the ultimate football experience with digital availability, designed for the modern fan. 

With this partnership, the NFL will extend its digital presence, making some of the most valuable content in sports and entertainment available across multiple digital platforms free for all users. The NFL is leveraging Yahoo s global audience, digital advertising capabilities, and delivery platforms, which span desktop, mobile, tablet, connected TVs, and set-top boxes, to ensure that the Bills-Jaguars game is accessible on every screen globally.

In keeping with the NFL s long-standing commitment to make its games available on free, over-the-air television, the game will also be televised in the both the Buffalo (WIVB-TV) and Jacksonville (WTEV-TV) markets at 9:30 a.m. ET.

About NFL Viewership

According to The Nielsen Company, the 2014 NFL regular season reached 202.3 million unique viewers, representing 80 percent of all television homes and 68 percent of potential viewers in the U.S. NFL games accounted for the top 20 and 45 of the 50 most-watched TV shows among all programming last fall. Five NFL game telecasts this season were watched by at least 29 million viewers, up from just one in the 2013 season. For the third consecutive year, an NFL game was the week s most-watched TV show in all 17 weeks of the season. In addition, at least two NFL games were the week s most-watched TV shows in 16 weeks of the season.

About Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' digital habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). California Powerhouse: Morrison & Foerster Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Netflix Employees That Mike Kail Brought to Yahoo Are Back at Netflix Yahoo CIO Mike Kail

Two employees former Yahoo Chief Information Officer Mike Kail recruited last year have returned to their former employer, Netflix. Mr. Kail is being sued by Netflix over allegations that he accepted kickbacks from vendors while he worked at the video streaming company as VP of IT operations. What Silicon Valley tech firms think of the USA Freedom Act's approval  Small Cap Zagg Inc (ZAGG): Will the Breakout Continue? FORD, KOSS & SKUL Small cap mobile accessories stock Zagg Inc (NASDAQ: ZAGG) rose 8.55% yesterday, is rising in premarket trading and is up 47.5% since the start of the year   meaning its worth taking a closer look at the stock along with potential performance benchmarks like Forward Industries, Inc (NASDAQ: FORD), Koss Corporation (NASDAQ: KOSS) and Skullcandy Inc (NASDAQ: SKUL).

What is Zagg Inc?

Small cap ZAGG Inc and its subsidiaries design, produce and distribute creative mobile accessory solutions such as protective coverings, cases, keyboards, keyboard cases, earbuds, portable power and device cleaning under the family of ZAGG brands. More specifically, the company's three distinct brands, ZAGG, iFrogz and invisibleSHIELD, offer solutions such as keyboards, cases, screen protection, audio, power management and gaming products.

As for potential small cap peers or benchmarks, Forward Industries, Inc is a global designer and distributor of mobile device cases and accessories; Koss Corporation (who s founder invented the first stereo headphones in 1958) is known worldwide for its high fidelity stereophones and audio accessories; and Skullcandy Inc designs, markets and distributes audio and gaming headphones and other accessory related products under the Skullcandy, Astro Gaming and 2XL brands.

What You Need to Know or Be Warned About Zagg Inc

My guess to the reason why Zagg Inc was rising on Tuesday was because CFO Brandon O'Brien had attended the LD Micro Invitational Conference on Monday where he was available for one-on-one meetings plus he gave a presentation at 4:30 PM Pacific Daylight Time. A webcast of his presentation can be listened to here on the company s investor relations page.

In addition and late last week, it was reported that Man Group Plc, a British alternative investment management business that provides a range of funds for institutional and private investors globally and is the world's largest publicly traded hedge fund, had filled a SC 13G form to report that it now owns 1,529,687 shares or 5.18% of the company. Insiders have also been buying shares lately according to Yahoo! Finance data:

Insider Transactions Reported - Last Two Years

In early May, Zagg Inc reported first quarter net sales of $57.2 million compared to $49.0 million primarily due to continued strong sales of screen protection products for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus (screen protection sales were 63% of net sales), increased placement for the screen protection product line at key retailers and sell-in during the quarter for the recently launched Samsung Galaxy S6. Tablet keyboards and power management declined due to the year-end ramp of inventory levels at key retailers to meet record sales in these two categories. Inventory was sufficient at retailers to meet a large portion of the first quarter demand and audio and case sales declined year-over-year as retailers waited to take new models anticipated to set later in 2015. Gross margins were 40% versus 36% while net income was $3.2 million as compared to $1.0 million. The CEO stated:

"We have now experienced three consecutive quarters of year-over-year revenue growth. For the remainder of 2015 we will execute on our strategy to expand globally, increase brand awareness, drive sales from new products, and improve profitability. These strategies are designed to benefit the entire organization and our shareholders."

At the end of March, Wunderlich analyst Rommel Dionisio initiated coverage of Zagg Inc with a Buy rating and $13 price target, saying the company is a "classic deep-value turnaround story" along with:

"Following disappointing sales and earnings performance in 2013 and first half 2014, shares of Zagg remain valued at an approximate 25% discount to the peer group average on an EV/EBITDA basis. However, as management continues to execute successfully on the turnaround story, we believe this will result in multiple expansion on the stock, as well as potential upside to consensus earnings forecasts."

Otherwise, Zagg Inc has a trailing P/E of 24.19 and a forward P/E of 15.39 along with no dividend according to Yahoo Finance data.

Share Performance: Zagg Inc vs. FORD, KOSS & SKUL

On Tuesday, small cap Zagg Inc rose 8.55% to $10.16 (ZAGG has a 52 week trading range of $4.44 to $10.29 a share for a market cap of $276.36 million plus shares are up 47.5% since the start of the year and up 332.3% over the past five years. Here is a look at the long term performance of Zagg Inc compared with the performance of Forward Industries, Inc, Koss Corporation and Skullcandy Inc:

As you can see from the above performance chart, Zagg Inc has outperformed (but its actually off 2011 highs) while Forward Industries, Inc, Koss Corporation and Skullcandy Inc have all underperformed:

Finally, here are the latest technical charts for all four mobile accessory or audio related stocks:

The Bottom Line. Although its performance benchmarks have underperformed, Zagg Inc looks set to at least continue delivering a positive performance for investors. 
2015-03-11
Berkshire Hathaway wants judge to call foul in 'Billion Dollar Bracket ... College hoops-inspired contest pits Berkshire Hathaway and Yahoo against each other

A college basketball-themed contest -- that would have rewarded a perfect NCAA tournament bracket with $1 billion -- pits the Oracle of Omaha against a California tech company in federal court.

Video: Warren Buffett's company heads to court over 'Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge'

Internet giant Yahoo Inc. fought back Monday against a motion to quash its subpoenas of Warren Buffett s outsized holding company Berkshire Hathaway.

Silicon Valley-based Yahoo says it s seeking  highly relevant documents  from Omaha-based Berkshire Hathaway for its lawsuit against a former business partner. Yahoo is locked in a legal battle with SCA Promotions Inc. over a March Madness-inspired giveaway with a ten-figure payout.

That lawsuit is in a Dallas federal court.

Michael Hilgers, Yahoo s local counsel from law firm Gober Hilgers, says while working with the Internet company to develop the  Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge  concept, SCA approached Berkshire Hathaway  in an attempt to secure underwriting. 

 On January 21, 2014, after having been privy to the details of the concept as a result of SCA s improper disclosure, Berkshire announced its own contest in conjunction with Quicken Loans,  Hilgers argues in a brief filed Monday.   The Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge  was virtually identical to the concept created by Yahoo. 

READ THE ENTIRE YAHOO BRIEF

Yahoo abandoned its bracket challenge concept after Berkshire Hathaway s announcement. Now, the company is hunting for proof that SCA breached its contract when it approached Buffett.

Berkshire Hathaway filed a motion to quash the subpoenas in February. It s not a party in the lawsuit between Yahoo and SCA, but Yahoo argues, "while Berkshire is a non-party, it is one with material knowledge of facts central to this dispute."

Yahoo maintains since SCA broke confidentiality to talk about the idea with Berkshire Hathaway, it doesn't owe the promoter any payment.

The two had an $11 million contract.

 The categories of documents requested by Yahoo amount to nothing more than a fishing expedition,  Robert Rossiter, Berkshire Hathaway s attorney wrote in the motion. [It goes] far beyond the scope of the Texas litigation. 

READ THE ENTIRE BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY BRIEF

Rossiter works at one of Omaha s white-shoe law firms: Fraser Stryker.

Berkshire Hathaway argues Yahoo s subpoenas would force the company to reveal "confidential, commercial, and trade secret information." The holding company maintains disclosing what Yahoo wants would harm future promotions its insurances companies may underwrite, pointing to the 2003 Pepsi Billion Dollar Sweepstakes and the billion dollar sweepstakes for Grab.com.

Rossiter also uses those previous billion-dollar contests as proof the bracket challenge wasn t an idea unique to Yahoo.

As part of its lawsuit with SCA, Yahoo subpoenaed Berkshire Hathaway three times in February demanding information relating to the 'Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge.'

The subpoenas seek  communications and documents  between Berkshire Hathaway or Warren Buffett and the partners for the contest. Yahoo s lawyers have also demanded to see any evidence that could link Berkshire Hathaway to SCA.

After Warren Buffett announced his 'Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge  in 2014, eligible participants began registering in March of that year. Quicken Loans sponsored the contest, and -- ironically -- Yahoo Sports was a partner.

No one won.

Yahoo lists five similarities between its concept and the contest Berkshire Hathaway launched, including how the winner would receive the prize and how many people could enter the sweepstakes.

A judge in the District Court of Nebraska has yet to rule on Berkshire Hathaway s motion to quash Yahoo s subpoenas. Layoffs, including Omaha-area job cuts, mar Yahoo's 20th anniversary Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.

Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.

Get digital access 
2015-06-23
Why Your Law Firm's Email Ban Is Stupid PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-06-29
Google Photos Mislabels 2 Black Americans as Gorillas The image recognition software built into Google Photos is impressive. Show it a photo of the Eiffel Tower, and it will know that picture was taken in Paris. Snap an image of a dog or a tree, and it will automatically put them in a group with all your other pictures of dogs or trees.



Related: Google Wants to Store All Your Photos for Free, Forever

But the software is far from foolproof. And when it fails, it does so in a spectacular way   as when it recently processed a photo of two black friends and labeled them  Gorillas. 

(Jacky Alcine   @jackyalcine)

Jacky Alcine, a 21-year old programmer who lives in Brooklyn, N.Y., was checking out his Google Photos account last night when he saw that the service had automatically generated a folder titled  Gorillas.  It contained nothing but pictures of him and a friend that he had taken in 2013.

When alerted to the error, Google provided a solution to the problem within hours and issued an immediate mea culpa.

 We re appalled and genuinely sorry that this happened,  a Google representative told Yahoo Tech.

 We are taking immediate action to prevent this type of result from appearing. There is still clearly a lot of work to do with automatic image labeling, and we re looking at how we can prevent these types of mistakes from happening in the future,  the spokesperson added.

Alcine first noticed the problem when he looked at his photo collection and found the  Gorillas  folder containing images of himself and his friend, who is also black. He then took to Twitter to call out Google for the issue.

Shortly thereafter, Google s chief architect of social, Yonatan Zunger, tweeted Alcine asking if Google could access his account to see where things went wrong. A few hours later, Google alerted him that the problem had been fixed.

Alcine said that as of Monday evening, the issue had largely been addressed, though he noted,  there s still complications with the hands obscuring the face causing it to still match to the gorilla tag. Chimp gives results as well (but not chimpanzee). 

Alcine believes the gaffe was caused by a faulty Google algorithm. But he added,  This could have been avoided with accurate and more complete classifying of black people, especially darker-toned people of color like myself and my friend. 

Read More Google Rejected by US Supreme Court in Oracle Java Copying Case The U.S. Supreme Court let Oracle Corp. press accusations that Google Inc. developed the Android smartphone operating system by improperly copying Java programming language.

The copyright case has split the industry between companies that write interface code and those that rely on it to develop software programs. A lower court had ruled in favor of Oracle as the creator of the code. Google then appealed, saying the decision would block innovation in programming. The justices rejected Google s appeal.

The case now returns to a trial court where Oracle, the largest database-software maker, has sought more than $1 billion in damages. Oracle claims Google used its Java code without paying because it was in a rush to create Android, now the world s most popular smartphone platform.

A federal appeals court in Washington said the shortcuts created by Java to perform basic functions like connecting to the Internet are eligible for copyright protection.

The high court s action  is a win for innovation and for the technology industry that relies on copyright protection to fuel innovation,  Oracle General Counsel Dorian Daley said in a statement.

The Federal Circuit, as the appeals court is known, reinstated a jury s 2012 finding that Google infringed the copyrights and sent the case back to the district court level to let Google argue it had fair use of the technology.

Innovation, Competition

 We will continue to defend the interoperability that has fostered innovation and competition in the software industry,  said Aaron Stein, a Google spokesman.

At the Supreme Court, Google contended the Federal Circuit s reasoning would block innovation by preventing software developers from building on earlier innovations.

 If the Federal Circuit s holding had been the law at the inception of the Internet age, early computer companies could have blocked vast amounts of technological development by claiming 95-year copyright monopolies over the basic building blocks of computer design and programming,  the company argued.

Google s chances at Supreme Court review took a hit in May when the Obama administration urged against a hearing, saying the lower court ruling was correct.

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily.

Google s allies at the Supreme Court included Yahoo! Inc., Red Hat Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. Mozilla Corp., which makes the Firefox Web browser, said in a filing with the court that the reuse of the interfaces is key to creating new programs based on open source, where the underlying code is available to anyone. It likened Oracle s actions to a single company trying to control how appliances plug into electrical outlets.

 Highly Creative 

Oracle asked the Supreme Court not to hear the appeal, saying its code is  original and highly creative. 

 Google was free to write its own code to perform the same functions as Oracle s,  the company argued.  Instead, it plagiarized. 

Oracle had support from Microsoft Corp., NetApp Inc. and EMC Corp. at the appeals court level.

The dispute centers on application programming interfaces, or APIs, code that lets programmers take advantage of functions already built into an operating system. By using Oracle s APIs, developers don t have to create a new formula for those features, saving time and money.

The case is Google v. Oracle, 14-140. The trial court case is Oracle America Inc. v. Google Inc., 10cv3561, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (San Francisco). 
2015-09-20
Alibaba's $105 Billion Lockup Ends, Putting Focus on Yahoo Stake Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. set a record with the size of its initial public offering. Now five times that amount of stock just became available, and all eyes are on Yahoo! Inc.

The lockup on 63 percent of Alibaba shares ended Saturday, freeing up the biggest shareholders to sell stock starting Monday. With Yahoo still working out what to do with its 15 percent stake, investors battered by the e-commerce company s $128.5 billion market slump are bracing for the worst, such as the possibility of more shares hitting the market and driving prices down further.

Billionaire founder Jack Ma and Vice Chairman Joseph Tsai have pledged to keep their stock, while analysts expect SoftBank Group Corp. to hold onto its shares as the Japanese company parlays its Alibaba windfall into global expansion. SoftBank declined to comment.

Yahoo Factor

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Yahoo is the biggest investor that hasn t pledged to keep its holding, with Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer weighing a spinoff of the $25 billion stake. While Mayer was planning to move Yahoo s 384 million shares in Alibaba into a separate company without paying taxes, there s now uncertainty on whether Yahoo can exit without incurring a multibillion-dollar tax bill after the Internal Revenue Service didn t give it a preliminary green light.

 You can t ignore the fact that there is a potential seller in the market -- and that has to create some sort of uncertainty around Alibaba shares,  said Victor Anthony, an analyst at Axiom Capital Management.  I do think that Yahoo ultimately proceeds with the spinoff. 

A delay in Yahoo s plan could potentially help bolster Alibaba s price because investors would have to wait for access to the spinoff s shares, effectively making it an extended lockup, Anthony said. The main issue is the performance of Alibaba s main business, he said.

 It s a non-event for both stocks, ultimately -- as long as Alibaba continues to perform,  Anthony said.  If it does, then I think the lockup s expirations almost become a moot point. 

Rebecca Neufeld, a spokeswoman for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo, declined to comment.

Post-IPO Lockup

Lockup agreements are put in place to keep a company s share price stable after a market debut, preventing employees and pre-IPO investors from dumping the stock. Monday is the first day of trading since the lockup expired.

The end of a lockup period can be positive for a stock by ending the overhang from an IPO months or even years earlier. Facebook Inc. has climbed more than fourfold since its biggest parcel of shares was released in November 2012.

 It s typically a catalyst for stocks, but I do think there s going to be another two to three tough quarters for Alibaba,  said James Cordwell, a London-based analyst at Atlantic Equities LLP.  There could be a bit of recovery as we get over the lockup. 

Last year s Alibaba IPO raised $25 billion, with 320 million shares sold. The end of the trading restriction will see almost 1.6 billion shares released, with that stock having a market value of about $105 billion.

Under Water

The stock closed Friday at $65.75 and Alibaba s market value has slumped $128.5 billion from its peak in November. That compares with $68 paid in the IPO. That poor performance may prompt investors released from the lockup to hold off on selling.

 If the stock was materially above IPO price, then I think employees would rush to sell,  said Chi Tsang, an analyst at HSBC Holdings Plc. At current levels, I suspect there s less motivation. 

Tsai said in August he and Ma had  zero intention  to sell. Tsai and Ma hold a total of 269 million shares, or about 10 percent of the stock that has just been unlocked. SoftBank Chairman Masayoshi Son said in May his company would hold its 798 million shares  instead of cashing in. 

 The main concern is what Yahoo is going to do with its stock,  said Tiffany Feng, an analyst at BOC International Holdings Ltd. in Hong Kong.  Until that becomes clear, the overhang on Alibaba s share price won t go away. 

For more, read this QuickTake: Alibaba Getty Images appoints Dawn Airey as Chief Executive Officer NEW YORK, Sept. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Getty Images, the world's leading visual media company, has today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Dawn Airey to the role of Chief Executive Officer, with effect from October 12, 2015. Co-founder and CEO, Jonathan Klein is stepping up to the role of Chairman, as announced on the company's 20th anniversary in March of this year.

Airey was previously Senior Vice President of Yahoo!'s EMEA businesses, where she led the company's operations in the region. Prior to that she held senior leadership positions at several major UK media companies, including Chairman and CEO of Channel 5, Managing Director of Global Content at ITV and Managing Director of Channels and Services at BSkyB. Airey is currently part of a UK Government-selected panel charged with reviewing the BBC's charter renewal.

Commenting on the appointment, Getty Images Co-founder and CEO Jonathan Klein said: "After 20 years at the helm, I am delighted Dawn is joining the team to drive Getty Images in its next phase of growth, innovation and industry leadership. Our new CEO is an experienced leader with a strong track record of programming and monetizing content. Dawn's deep understanding of the consumer market and the intersection of technology and content means she is well situated to run Getty Images as it explores new opportunities within the consumer space and beyond. We could not be more excited about the future."

Under Airey's leadership, Getty Images looks to accelerate its progress in both its traditional businesses as well as new growth areas. Speaking on her new role, Dawn Airey said: "I have long admired Getty Images and relish the opportunity to lead this iconic global business as it continues to break new ground and propel the industry that this company has pioneered for 20 years."

"Engaging audiences through the power of visual storytelling is what I am passionate about, and, at its core, that is what Getty Images is all about: inspiring and enabling the world to tell its stories through the exceptional content the team captures each and every day. There is immense potential when it comes to marrying content with new monetization opportunities, and I cannot wait to get started. It's a pleasure to join such a talented team and to work with Jonathan as we drive the business forward."

During its first 20 years, Getty Images led the industry into the digital age and has been responsible for every major innovation in the visual content business. From moving the industry online to driving the growth of royalty-free photography; from disrupting the industry with the introduction of crowd-sourcing through iStock by Getty Images to establishing market leadership in news, sport and entertainment content, Getty Images has always been at the forefront. In March 2014, Getty Images revolutionized the industry with the launch of its embed tool, enabling free, legal sharing of over 60 million images, for non-commercial purposes. Today, its embed offering has crossed 3 billion impressions. Airey will focus on building on this rich innovative history as well as new growth areas.

Co-founder and Chairman Mark Getty, who assumes the role of Deputy Chairman, said: "The board and I are pleased to have someone of Dawn Airey's abilities assume leadership at Getty Images. Dawn's considerable experience in the media and consumer space, coupled with her strong understanding of programming content, means she is very well-placed to drive Getty Images forward. I am also pleased that Jonathan will be Chairman and Getty Images will continue to benefit from his knowledge and passion which he has used to such great effect during his leadership of our business through 20 remarkable years of innovation, disruption and growth."

Airey is relocating from London to New York with her partner and two children.

For supporting images or for any further information, please contact pressusa@gettyimages.com

For high res images please click here.

NOTES TO EDITORS

About Dawn Airey

Dawn Airey is the newly appointed Chief Executive Officer of Getty Images, the world's leading visual communications company.

As Chief Executive Officer, Airey will be responsible for running Getty Images' global operations; working alongside Getty Images Co-Founder and Chairman, Jonathan Klein, as well as its Board of Directors, to drive the company in its next phase of growth, innovation and industry leadership.

A veteran of the media industry, Airey has worked in television for 30 years, holding senior positions with the majority of the United Kingdom's commercial broadcasters. Prior to joining Getty Images, Airey was Senior Vice President of Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Operation of Yahoo! Inc. During her two-year tenure at Yahoo!, Airey led the company's operations in the region.

Prior to joining Yahoo!, Airey held leadership positions at many major UK media companies, including President of a unit of RTL Group, Channel 5's parent company, and Chairwoman and Chief Executive of Channel 5, where she oversaw all operations. She also worked as Managing Director of Global Content at ITV where she oversaw its UK and international production and content businesses. Prior to that, Airey served as Managing Director, Channels and Services, at BSkyB, the UK's largest pay-TV broadcaster.

Airey was awarded a fellowship by the Royal Television Society (RTS) in 1998. She is a Vice President of the RTS, the Senior Non-Executive Director of Thomas Cook PLC and Chair of The National Youth Theatre of Great Britain. She is currently a representative of a UK Government-selected advisory group of experts to support the BBC Charter Review.

Airey was born in Preston, Lancashire in the United Kingdom, and studied at the University of Cambridge. Currently residing in London, Airey is relocating to New York in October 2015 with her partner and two children to take up her role with Getty Images.

About Jonathan Klein

Jonathan D. Klein has been the CEO of the global digital media company Getty Images, Inc., the premier creator and distributor of visual communications worldwide since he co-founded the Company in March 1995. On October 12, 2015, Jonathan will step up to the role of Co-Founder and Chairman. He is a leader in the fields of global health, education and international press freedom and the recipient of numerous media, philanthropic and corporate honors.

Jonathan's strategic vision has led Getty Images' growth from an analogue image collection with transparencies, laboratories and print catalogs in 1995, to a multi-award winning, billion dollar, global e-commerce business. Today Getty Images is recognized for having the broadest, deepest and highest quality content, serving customers in almost 200 countries, with plans for continued growth.

Through his principled leadership, Jonathan has established a culture at Getty Images that embraces disruption and change. He has driven the most significant business and technology innovations in photography and video, including digitization, e-commerce, new business models, crowd-sourced imagery, keyword and image search technologies, visual trend expertise and groundbreaking partnerships.

Jonathan led a successful broad-ranging consolidation strategy in the early years of the company by acquiring and integrating collections and companies worldwide, including PhotoDisc and iStock by Getty Images, respectively the pioneers in digital royalty-free imagery and user-generated imagery. He drove Getty Images' launch into news, sports and entertainment imagery, as well as video, music, digital asset management, rights services and assignment photography. Under his direction, Getty Images has built a comprehensive network of exclusive commercial partnerships with the world's most prestigious media, publishing and entertainment companies, as well as with dozens of the most prominent sports governing bodies across the globe.

Getty Images has a vast and growing network of exclusive commercial and distribution partnerships with the world's most prestigious media, publishing and entertainment companies, as well as with the most prominent sports governing bodies across the globe. After 12 years of trading publicly on the NASDAQ and the NYSE, Jonathan successfully took Getty Images private in July 2008, in partnership with Hellman & Friedman, in a $2.4 billion transaction. In October 2012, the management team, led by Jonathan, together with the Getty family and The Carlyle Group, acquired Getty Images for $3.3 billion.

Jonathan is the recipient of the Global Business Coalition on HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria's Business Excellence for Innovation award. Under his stewardship, Getty Images received the first International Center of Photography (ICP) Trustees Award, for the company's commitment to the field of photography, through technology and philanthropy, and dedication to the power of photography to create change. ICP recognized Getty Images again in 2015 for the creation of the Getty Images Lean In collection and its impact on how women are portrayed in media and advertising.

Fast Company recognized Jonathan in its "Fast 50" as a business leader who "will change the way we work and live over the next ten years" and he was named number one on American Photo's list of the "100 Most Important People in Photography." Jonathan received the Suffolk University Sawyer Business School 2012 award for Global Leadership in Innovation and Collaboration. He is a frequent speaker on leadership, culture and innovation, enjoys teaching and has lectured at many schools and universities, including Harvard, Yale and the University of Pennsylvania.

Jonathan serves on the boards of directors of the Committee to Protect Journalists, Grassroot Soccer and is the Chairman of the board of Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. He is President of the board of trustees of Groton School and serves on the boards of directors of Getty Images, Etsy, Squarespace and Getty Investments.

Born in Johannesburg, South Africa, Jonathan has spent much of his life in England and received a master's degree in law from the University of Cambridge. He moved to the United States in 1999 and now lives in New York City with his wife and three sons.

About Getty Images

Getty Images is the world's leader in visual communication, with almost 200 million assets available through its premium content site www.gettyimages.com and its leading stock content site www.istock.com. With its advanced search and image recognition technology, Getty Images serves business customers in almost 200 countries and is the first place creative and media professionals turn to discover, purchase and manage images and other digital content. Its award-winning photographers and content creators help customers produce inspiring work which appears every day in the world's most influential newspapers, magazines, advertising campaigns, films, television programs, books and online media. Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of digital media in communications and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life. For company news and announcements, visit press.gettyimages.com, and for the stories, innovation and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends http://stories.gettyimages.com. Find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/gettyimages , Twitter at https://twitter.com/GettyImages, or download Stream, our free consumer app, to view and share the world's best imagery.

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150919/268506

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121018/SF95656LOGO

SOURCE Getty Images 
2015-03-10
Scottrade, E-Trade, TD Ameritrade Beat Droplets Patent Suit PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Here's Why You Should Consider Buying an Apple TV Apple TV is suddenly alive and well. After Monday s Apple Watch event, the company s oft-ignored set-top box, which we ranked far below the Roku in terms of quality and value, may now be one of the best streaming devices you can buy.

Why the change? Two things: exclusive access to HBO s new HBO Now subscription service and a significant price drop.

Prior to Apple s announcement on Monday, Apple TV hadn t received much love from its makers in Cupertino. Sure, the streaming box has been doing well in terms of sales, with roughly 25 million units sold since its debut in March 2012, but it has yet to see a redesign of any kind outside of some improved specs, and it is generally regarded as inferior to the competing box from Roku.

Read more: The Best TV Streaming Device You Can Buy

In fact, until yesterday, we considered Apple TV to be an also-ran behind both the $49 Roku Streaming Stick and the $99 Roku 3, both of which offer a terrific library of apps and an easy-to-search interface.



Amazon s Fire TV and Fire TV Stick are both excellent streaming options, as well, and at $99 and $39, respectively, they are about the same price as Roku s offerings, albeit with fewer available apps.

With Apple s announcement that it would be HBO s exclusive launch partner for the cable giant s new HBO Now streaming service, though, the company put its competitors on notice.

True, HBO Now will cost you $14.99 per month, but it gives you complete access to the company s content without requiring you to have a separate cable subscription.

There s a catch, though. Apple s HBO Now exclusivity window lasts just three months. Don t think that the company agreed to launch the service in April arbitrarily, though. That s exactly when the new season of Game of Thrones begins, which means that both Apple and HBO are hoping to benefit from the show s enormous popularity.

After that three-month period, however, HBO Now will begin working its way over to competing streaming services. If you re a Game of Thrones obsessive, though    and are allergic to spoilers    you might have to toss down some dollars for Apple TV.

Putting the HBO Now factor aside, Apple TV s new price is still very attractive. At $69, Apple TV is less expensive than Roku 3, Amazon Fire TV, and Google s Nexus Player, each of which usually costs $99 (the Roku is currently on sale for $79).

Read More 
2015-07-30
Yahoo's Reses Is Said to Shift Role to Managing Alibaba Spinoff Yahoo! Inc. Senior Vice President Jacqueline Reses has stepped back from corporate development to focus on the company s multibillion-dollar spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

Reses, a trusted adviser to Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer, is devoting her time to ensuring the spinoff s operational details are handled properly, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. Senior Vice President Ian Weingarten, who oversees partnerships, has taken on corporate development duties including acquisitions, the person said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Yahoo is combining its stake of about 15 percent in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba with its small-business operation and spinning off the resulting entity. Reses s shift in focus highlights the importance of the deal, announced under pressure from Starboard Value LP and other investors to return cash to holders. Mayer has depended on the stake, worth about $31 billion, to buoy Yahoo s stock price as she struggles to turn around the Web portal s underlying business.

Rebecca Neufeld, a spokeswoman for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo, declined to comment.

Earlier this month, the company officially filed to spin off the Alibaba shares and said it expects the deal to be completed in the fourth quarter, even amid concerns about how it may be addressed by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yahoo announced the spinoff in January as a tax-free way to distribute the stake to shareholders.

Reses, who was on Alibaba s board before the Chinese company s initial public offering last year, joined Yahoo in 2012 after previously working at Apax Partners and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
2015-06-17
Insomniac and Yahoo to Live Stream Electric Daisy Carnival (EDC) Las Vegas 2015 SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Insomniac and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced that this year s eagerly awaited Electric Daisy Carnival, Las Vegas will live stream exclusively on Yahoo, June 19-21, 2015. The stream, presented by 7UP, will air the 19th annual event live from 8:30 p.m. to 5:30 a.m. PT each night, and will rebroadcast immediately following, bringing a taste of North America s largest single weekend music festival into the homes of millions.

The EDC Las Vegas Live Stream on Yahoo will allow fans to experience the excitement of the festival as it spans over 200 acres of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, featuring eight new stages, dozens of art installations and carnival rides, 500 theatrical performers, as well as special moments at the EDC Wedding Chapel and behind-the-scenes golf cart confessionals with the world s favorite DJs. Fans who tune-in early will be the first to hear exciting announcements on the EDC Las Vegas Live Stream on Yahoo.

 As we bring one-of-a-kind live music experiences to fans on Yahoo, 7UP s focus on dance music made them the perfect partner and presenting sponsor for our first live stream of EDC Las Vegas,  said Lisa Utzschneider, SVP, Sales, Americas at Yahoo.  This music festival has a very passionate fan base, and we re working with 7UP to connect them with their customers around this truly unique music experience on Yahoo. 

Yahoo will connect 7UP with music fans around the live stream of EDC Las Vegas on Yahoo.com/EDC, the Yahoo Screen App on iOS and Android, and connected devices including Apple TV, Roku and Xbox. For the first time, fans will also be able to create personalized schedules with their favorite artists and receive real time notifications when their favorite DJs take the stage through a new experience from Yahoo and 7UP on Tumblr, the EDC Dream Stream. Additionally, 7UP will once again host their own stage at EDC Las Vegas, Stage 7. The fan-favorite area will return for three more days of amazing music and atmosphere this weekend.

 As Insomniac continues to evolve and grow experiences tied to EDC Las Vegas, we are thrilled to be presenting this year s live stream for the second straight year,  said Eric Blackwood, Director of Marketing, 7UP.  Tapping into the array of properties that Yahoo has and leveraging their massive reach, we couldn t have asked for a better way to invite fans who can t attend to take part in the excitement that is EDC Las Vegas. 

This year s EDC Las Vegas live stream artists:

12th Planet Hardwell 3lau Ilan Bluestone Above & Beyond Jack Beats Adrenalize Kaskade Alison Wonderland Kennedy Jones A-Lusion Keys N Krates Aly & Fila Kidnap Kid Amine Edge & Dance Kove Andrew Rayel Laidback Luke Arty Loudpvck Audien Markus Schulz Benny Benassi Martin Solveig Bingo Players Moby Bixel Boys Moti Blasterjaxx Myon & Shane 54 Calvin Harris NGHTMRE Carnage Oliver Heldens Chuckie Orjan Nilsen Cosmic Gate Pretty Lights Dada Life Sander van Doorn Dannic Seven Lions Danny Avila Showtek Darren Styles Skism b2b LAXX Dash Berlin Snails Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike Speaker of the House DJ Snake Sunnery James & Ryan Marciano Dom Folla Thomas Gold Dyro Tiesto Dzeko & Torres TNT Fatboy Slim Tokimonsta Ferry Corsten Tommy Trash Firebeatz Trollphace vs Getter Flux Pavilion UMEK Galantis Vena Cava Gladiator Wiwek Grandtheft Yellow Claw Green Velvet & Claude VonStroke: Get Real Zomboy

and more to be announced.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' digital habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

About Insomniac

Insomniac produces some of the most innovative, immersive music festivals and events in the world. Enhanced by state-of-the-art lighting, pyrotechnics and sound design, large-scale art installations, theatrical performers and next generation special effects, these events captivate the senses and inspire a unique level of fan interaction. The quality of the experience is the company s top priority.

Throughout its 20-year history, Insomniac has produced more than 250 festivals, concerts and club nights for nearly 4 million attendees in California, Colorado, Florida, Nevada, New York, Texas, Puerto Rico, and the United Kingdom. The company s premier annual event, Electric Daisy Carnival Las Vegas, is the largest multi-day music festival in North America, and attracted more than 345,000 fans over three days in June 2013.

The company was founded by Pasquale Rotella, and has been based in Los Angeles since it was formed in 1993.

Keep up with Insomniac announcements and news on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Soundcloud and insomniac.com.

About 7UP 

7UP  is one of many flavorful brands in the beverage portfolio of Dr Pepper Snapple Group (NYSE: DPS). A favorite since 1929, 7UP  is THE UNCOLA. 7UP  is available in Regular, 10 calorie, Diet and Cherry varieties. DPS is a leading producer of flavored beverages, marketing 50-plus beverage brands across North America and the Caribbean. For more information, visit 7UP.com or DrPepperSnapple.com. For the brand s latest news and updates, follow 7UP  at Facebook.com/7UP or Twitter.com/7UP. Divorced Man Selling Half of His Gadgets on eBay This is what we call a rough split.

One love-lost German has allegedly decided to hand his ex-wife her half of their belongings in a peculiar way: By actually sawing them in half and handing his ex-wife her half of their belongings.

What is he doing with his halves? He s selling them on eBay, of course.

Listed to ebay.de are one-half of an iPhone, one-half of a MacBook Pro, one-half of an HD TV, and more. He s even posted an auction for one part of a sawed-in-two car.

We re obviously not so quick to believe everything we re seeing here. We re passing all this on as a questionable, though still hilarious, report.

You can watch the video that s embedded in the auctions below, which seems to show some of the listed items being cut in half.

Via: Reddit

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Leverage Point, Inc. Public Affairs Director Michael Barrio Selected as ... ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Leverage Point, Inc. s new Director of Public Affairs, Michael Barrio, MA, has been selected as a panelist at the 2015 Domenici Public Policy Conference, to be held at the Las Cruces Convention Center, September 16 17. As one of several chosen panelists, Barrio will be among those who are explicitly allowed to question and address speakers at the conference regarding themes on aging U.S. infrastructure, regional economic development, U.S. energy independence, and Middle East policy. As in past years, the conference will host a number of distinguished speakers. Barrio will focus on the topic of regional economic development, specifically regarding New Mexico and the Southwest region.

 I am thrilled to have been selected for involvement with this prestigious conference, and am looking forward to the opportunity that this may afford our organization and its efforts to augment regional economic awareness and development,  said Barrio.

Barrio has previously served as Legislative Analyst for Kuper, Smith & Associates and the New Mexico State University Office of Governmental Affairs during the 2015 legislative session, as well as advocating for Southern New Mexico education and political initiatives. He spent several years in Los Angeles, Calif., and gained extensive expertise in corporate human resources, organizational development and alignment, and media relations during his tenure at The Walt Disney Company and Yahoo!, Inc. Further, prior to joining Leverage Point, Inc. and the Credit Union Association of New Mexico, Barrio worked for New Mexico State University as an instructor in Business and Professional Communication, as well as Contemporary Identity Politics. He is passionate about business, professional, and corporate ethics, and remains a continuing Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative Fellow and supporter. Barrio received his MA in Rhetoric and Professional Communication from New Mexico State University (NMSU), and is currently working on completion of his PhD in Rhetoric and Professional Communication from NMSU.

Leverage Point, Inc. is an advocacy and public affairs firm that specializes in providing a dedicated Governmental and Public Affairs team that assists clients with developing and implementing proactive strategies that include crisis communications and management that will empower clients to mobilize grassroots efforts and galvanize positive public sentiments to the advantage of their individual and specific legislative and business goals. 
2015-01-11
Hedge Funds Proven Dead Right On Yahoo! Inc (YHOO) There was a noticeable jump in hedge fund interest in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) during the third quarter. The number of long hedge fund bets advanced by 15. Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) was in 94 hedge funds  portfolio at the end of September. There were 79 hedge funds in our database with YHOO holdings at the end of the previous quarter. Hedge funds were arguing that Yahoo shares were undervalued when they back out Yahoo s stake in Alibaba. Well, Yahoo returned 22% since the end of the third quarter, vs. a 4.2% gain in S&P 500 ETF (SPY). Hedge funds were proven dead right.

According to hedge fund tracking site Insider Monkey, this isn t just a coincidence. Their research has shown that the most popular stocks among hedge funds actually outperform the market in their back tests. They have also been sharing the  15 best stock picks of the best hedge fund managers  with their subscribers since the end of August 2012. Their stock picks performed amazingly, returning 125% in 28 months. SPY gained only 53% during the same period. A sample of their stock picks can be seen here. Let s take a glance at the recent action surrounding Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and find out which hedge funds got it right.

What does the smart money think about Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)?

Heading into Q4, a total of 94 of the hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey were bullish in this stock, a change of 19% from the previous quarter. With hedge funds  capital changing hands, there exists a select group of notable hedge fund managers who were boosting their stakes meaningfully.

D. E. Shaw s D E Shaw had the largest position in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), worth close to $797.3 million, accounting for 1% of its total 13F portfolio. Sitting at the No. 2 spot is York Capital Management, managed by James Dinan, which held a $400.6 million call position; 4.1% of its 13F portfolio is allocated to the stock. Remaining members of the smart money that hold long positions consist of John Thaler s JAT Capital Management, Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value and Rob Citrone s Discovery Capital Management.

Consequently, specific money managers have jumped into Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) headfirst. York Capital Management, managed by James Dinan, established the largest call position in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value LP also initiated a $314.8 million activist position during the quarter. The following funds were also among the new YHOO investors: George Soros s Soros Fund Management, and Robert Rodriguez and Steven Romick s First Pacific Advisors LLC.

Suggested Articles:

Most Respected Professions

New World Order Facts Ravens coach John Harbaugh: Patriots ran 'illegal' plays in win Baltimore Ravens head coach John Harbaugh believes the New England Patriots used illegal plays in their 35-31 victory in the divisional playoff game.

So he said after the game, protesting the Patriots' unusual fomations in the third quarter: specifically, the use of four offensive linemen, with an offensive player declaring himself ineligible.

The Ravens were getting a big pass rush much of the game up until that point, so the Patriots took this strange strategy of taking an offensive lineman off the field. But Harbaugh cried foul, saying the Patriots should have been penalized for their "deceptive" formations and substitutions.

"It's not something that anybody has ever done before," Harbaugh said. "They're an illegal type of a thing and I'm sure that [the NFL will] make some adjustments and things like that."

One of Harbaugh's specific claims is that Shane Vereen announced his ineligibility right before the snap, which did not allow the defense to adjust accordingly.

"We wanted an opportunity to be able to identify who the eligible players were because what they were doing was they would announce the eligible player and [Patriots quarterback] Tom [Brady] would take it to the line right away and snap the ball before [we] even figured out who was lined up where. And that was the deception part of it. It was clearly deception."

On the play, Vereen is on the line but ineligible and Michael Hoomanawanui   lined up in a left tacke spot   caught the pass. It got Harbaugh so lathered up that he ran onto the field and was given a 15-yard penalty.

"The officials told me after that they would give us the opportunity to do that, which they probably should have done during that series, but they really didn't understand what was happening," Harbaugh said. "I had to go take the penalty to get their attention so they can understand what was going on."

It was too late then, and it's too late now. Nothing will happen to the Patriots, who won the game and will host the AFC championship game on Jan. 18. And there's no question that drive, which ended in a touchdown and helped cut a 14-point deficit in half, helped them do so.

Bill Beli-cheat? Not according to Brady.

 Maybe those guys gotta study the rule book and figure it out,  Brady said.  We obviously knew what we were doing and we made some pretty important plays. It was a real good weapon for us. Maybe we ll have something in store next week. 

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-10-22
Why Yahoo is worth less than nothing A reader pointed out to me today that Yahoo, minus its Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes plus cash, is now worth less than nothing according to Wall Street. This says a lot about Yahoo but even more about Wall Street, since the core company is still profitable if in decline. If I were a trader (I m not) that would argue Yahoo is a buy since there s likely to be a future point at which the company will be free of those other riches and even Wall Street will be forced to give the carcass a positive value.

But when I heard about the negative value story the first thing that came to mind was something my old friend Joe Adler said long ago about one of my startups. "Your company is starting to have a stench of death about it", Joe said. And Joe was right.

Yahoo may be profitable, may have billions in investments, but still the company has about it a stench of death. This less-than-tangible corporate characteristic is dragging the company under and there is only one way to deal with it: change everything.

Three years into her tenure as Yahoo CEO, Marissa Mayer has tried a lot of things to improve her company s prospects but she hasn t changed everything. Her current path seems to be spinning-off the Alibaba stake to get activist investors off her back, then spinning-off Yahoo Japan when those activist investors realize they can suck the same blood a second time, then finally Ms. Mayer will be in command, 2-3 years from now, of a slimmer, trimmer, and I-guarantee-you totally worthless Yahoo. That s because you can t use an old turnaround playbook for what s essentially a new market.

Yahoo can t go back to its former greatness because that greatness is no longer available to be got.

Think about that statement because it s as true for Google and Microsoft as it is for Yahoo. PC search has peaked, PC operating systems and applications have peaked. It s just that what Yahoo does -- functioning as a web portal -- peaked around 2001.

It s popular to say that one definition (some people say the definition) of insanity is doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result. I ve put some legwork into tracking-down that quote and found it isn t true. But when it comes to Yahoo or any Yahoo-like company trying permutations on half a dozen restructuring techniques, I d say there must be some insanity involved because they are changing all the wrong things.

Its corporate objective is unachievable not because Yahoo isn t smart enough but because itsintended destination no longer even exists.

So what s to be done? Well it s pretty darned obvious to me that Yahoo s current path is the wrong one. It is, in fact, absolutely the wrong way to go. Yahoo would be far smarter to do the exact opposite of everything it has recently proposed.

Ask Warren Buffet how to get rich and he ll eventually talk about preservation of capital. If you have a ton of money or assets sitting on your corporate books about the worst thing to do is to give them away, yet that s exactly what Yahoo will be doing by spinning-off to shareholders its Alibaba stake.

The whole point of the Alibaba spin-off is to placate investors, buying Mayer extra time to fail.

If the present goal is unreachable, giving away two thirds of the company to buy more time to reach it makes no sense.

Now let s pause for a moment and consider two famous tech turnarounds -- Apple and IBM. Each of these companies had an amazing turnaround beginning in the 1990s that will be held up as examples of what Yahoo could do, too. Except Yahoo isn t IBM circa 1993 or Apple circa 1997. Not even close.

Both of those companies were actually in worse shape than Yahoo is today, but its markets weren t. Apple and IBM had to recover from horrible mismanagement while Yahoo has never lost a cent. Yahoo s problem is the world is less and less wanting the solutions it offers. And Yahoo s solution to this, which has been to nudge a little in one direction or another, simply isn t bold enough.

Preserve the capital, not the business.

Yahoo shouldn t be spinning-off anything. Mayer should be selling every operating business she can while it still has trade value. Search, advertising, content, the various portals like Yahoo Finance -- these all should be for sale, primarily to Google and Microsoft.

Let them fight for economies of scale in an industry that has already peaked.

When Marissa Mayer came to Yahoo three years ago she had a mandate for change but she didn t change enough. Conventional wisdom says that mandate has expired and can t be renewed. In this case conventional wisdom is wrong. Ms. Mayer has a chance to renew her mandate if she proposes changes that are bold enough to shock and awe Yahoo shareholders.

Sell everything that moves, turning it into dry powder for the real battle that lies ahead. Then explain to shareholders the precise strategy through which the New Yahoo will turn $50 billion into $500 billion over the next decade. That will be enough to renew Mayer s mandate.

But only if she s smart enough to do it.

And what s this amazing strategy? I explained it all right here 13 months ago. Here s that entire column from September 2014 with not a single word updated or changed. It was true then and it s still true today, though time is quickly running out. 
2015-02-24
Tumblr CEO On Net Neutrality, Regulations And Implications Toward Internet ... As the countdown for the net-neutrality vote begins, David Karp, founder and CEO of Yahoo! Inc.'s (NASDAQ: YHOO) Tumblr was on CNBC recently to share his views on the topic.

Net Neutrality And Innovation

When asked if he thought net-neutrality rules would slow down the Internet and innovation, Karp responded,  I really don t. 

 I think the way we see most of the innovation is by sort of separating the layers of the stack. So, making sure that there is a competitive market for carriers, where they are competing to deliver us the fastest, best Internet that we can get access to with modern technology.

 And then on top of that, you have a free, open marketplace of services. 

Is Heavy-Handed Government Regulation A Good Thing Or Bad Thing For An Industry?

 I think a bright-line rule that spells out these sorts of foundational principles that we believe in, I think that the Bill of Rights is a good thing, even without getting into the weeds spelling out something like the First Amendment that just says this is a truth we believe,  Karp said.

Related Link: Net Neutrality Has Some Unlikely Backers

Do You Feel That Net Neutrality Has Been Violated?

 We have had instances of Comcast, for example, trying to actually block whole protocols and shut off consumers  access to new innovative parts of the Internet,  Karp replied.

 So, when that happens   in fact when that happened recently, when that happened in 2010   the FCC stepped in to try and intervene. We have had laws, we have had weak laws, things like the TELCO Act that generally these carriers have kind of been following. 

Posted-In: David Karp net neutrality TELCO Act TumblrCNBC Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Cantor Fitzgerald's Top 10 Internet Stock Themes In 2015 With its Second Annual Internet and Technology Conference being held in New York this week, Cantor Fitzgerald released a report summarizing its 2015 outlook for Internet stocks. The report included a list of the company s top 10 internet investing themes for 2015.

1. Mobile Extends Its Lead Over Desktop

Consumers spent more time online on mobile devices than desktop devices for the first time in 2014, and that trend will continue in 2015. According to the report, consumers spent 23.3 percent of their total media time on mobile devices in 2014, while mobile accounted for only 7.6 percent of total media ad spend for the year.

See Also: Cantor Fitzgerald's Top 3 Internet Stock Picks

2. Programmatic Premium Ad Buying Changes The Advertising Game

According to the report, the total programmatic display advertising market in 2014 was about $10 billion, and it s expected to grow to about $15 billion in 2015. Analysts believe that Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) are best-positioned to capitalize on programmatic advertising.

3. TV Dollars Shift To Online Video

Users  demand for video content that can be accessed via multiple devices will continue to drive focus away from traditional television in 2015.

4. Google Loses Search Share

Yahoo! Inc. s (NASDAQ: YHOO) search share steadily increased from 8.6 percent in November to 10.9 percent in January, while Google s share steadily declined from 77.4 percent to 74.8 percent during that stretch.

5. Mobile Commerce Bursts On The Scene

Leading e-commerce companies Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) already see a large percentage of sales coming from mobile devices, and analysts expect that trend to continue in 2015.

6. Free Shipping Becomes The Industry Standard

Amazon s Prime service is leading the way for all online retailers to eventually offer free shipping to customers.

7. Omni-Channel Commerce Will Either Save Incumbent Retailers Or Lead To Their Demise

While traditional on-site retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) and Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE: BBY) have been capable of adapting to the world of online sales, whether or not these two names and others in the space have done enough to save themselves from becoming obsolete remains to be seen.

8. The Government Will Address Taxes On Foreign Profits

With the majority of the $150 billion in cash that Internet stocks collectively hold on their balance sheets currently invested overseas to avoid U.S. taxes, analysts predict that new tax laws favoring domestic investment are on the horizon.

9. The Sharing Economy Will Continue To Rise

Analysts see a continuing trend toward resource sharing/renting rather than ownership. Owners profit off of lending unused equipment, cash or other resources, and borrowers are spared the expense of purchasing the resources outright.

10. Net Neutrality Debate Takes Center Stage

Netflix Inc (NASDAQ: NFLX), Google and Facebook would all benefit from the maintenance of net neutrality, the idea that Internet service providers should continue to provide equal access to all Internet content regardless of its source.

Latest Ratings for FB Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Mar 2017 BTIG Research Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Buy Hold View More Analyst Ratings for FB

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Cantor FitzgeraldAnalyst Color Long Ideas Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-06-25
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Will Be Default Search Engine When You Update Java For those, who will update the Java software, this news matters most. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will become the default search engine the moment Java is updated on the user s desktop or the laptop without the user realizing it. The company is seeking to improve the market share of the search engine by reaching agreements. The latest is in addition to becoming the Mozilla Firefox browsers default search engine.

Strikes A Deal

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has struck a deal with Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) for promoting its search engine. That will be done along with any future updates of Java that runs on most of the PCs. The process will commence this month. The user will be asked whether they would like to make Yahoo as the default search engine. That is either on Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Chrome or Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) s Internet Explorer.

Reports suggest that an affirmative reply will be checked by default in the reply box provided by the software. Therefore, those who are not attentive to the update process might reach themselves to using the third biggest search engine. That is irrespective of the user s preference or liking.

Advantage

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s CEO, Marissa Mayer, disclosed the partnership during annual meeting of the shareholders. The deal is the second biggest one after Mozilla that placed Yahoo as the default search in place of Google. She said that the deal was profitable without elaborating further. However, the deal improved its share in the search engine space at the cost of the leader. Therefore, she was trying to project that the deal with Oracle will also be profitable.

The CEO appears to be counting on the number of PCs running on Java worldwide. For instance, 90% of the PCs run Java in the United States. That means even a small percentage of the users will provide some significant gains to the company. The agreement with Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) is valid for three years.

Market Share Matters

For a long time, Yahoo has been in the slumber mode leaving the search engine field open to Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to dominate with 64% share. The company appears to be realizing the importance now in the wake of rapidly growing internet usage even in the developing markets. That is partly because of the faster pace of adoption of the smartphone across the world.

The company was steadily losing its search engine share to Google in the past. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) s Bing has slowly and steadily toppled Yahoo from the second biggest search engine slot. Currently, Bing is enjoying 20% while Yahoo s share is less than 13%. It appears that Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) is also trying to be the default search engine in Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) s Safari browser. The company seems to be waiting for the expiry of Apple s deal with Google. The company might continue to take steps to improve its share. Facebook just poached Yahoo's security head, who clashed with the feds about ... Facebook just poached Yahoo's chief information security officer, Alex Stamos.

Stamos announced the news on his Facebook page Thursday, after working at Yahoo for little over a year.

At Yahoo, Stamos led what the company refers to as its team of "Paranoids," and before that, he was CTO of the security firm Artemis, and a security researcher publically opposed to the government's secret surveillance programs.

During his term at Yahoo, he clashed with the director of the NSA about the government demanding encrypted communication from tech companies.

At Facebook, he'll focus on making sure that company's products are as secure as possible, especially as they get used by more people all around the world.

"There is no company in the world that is better positioned to tackle the challenges faced not only by today s Internet users but for the remaining 2/3rds of humanity we have yet to connect," he wrote, explaining why he decided to join Facebook.

Connecting the "next 5 billion"   or about two-thirds of the world   is the mission of Internet.org, the nonprofit luanched by Mark Zuckerberg in 2013. Darden's REIT play offers path to gold, but beware IRS NEW YORK Darden Restaurant Inc's plans unveiled this week to spin off some of its holdings into a real estate investment trust points to a gold mine others can tap, but a recent statement by the U.S. tax authority raises cautionary flags.

Darden on Tuesday said it would place 430 of its restaurants into a REIT to extract unrealized value from its properties in a tax-free spin-off, similar to a move announced in April that could raise $2.5 billion for struggling retailer Sears Holdings Corp.

Several hedge funds also have asked U.S. department store company Macy's Inc to explore options for its real estate, Reuters reported earlier in June.

But the Internal Revenue Service in May said it is reviewing the U.S. tax code that allows companies to spin off assets tax free. The IRS was responding to inquiries about whether it would change its review practices when the operation being spun off is small relative to other assets.

A so-called "active trade or business" at one time was needed to represent at least 5 percent of the company, but it was revoked, said Christopher Mangin, a partner at Hunton & Williams in Richmond, Virginia who has worked on REIT spin-offs.

"Now there's sort of a no-man's land," he said. "People don't really know if that still applies or the fact that they revoked it means that they don't really think about it that way anymore."

Time will tell whether the IRS's statement has a detrimental effect on corporate spin-off plans, Mangin said.

IRS lawyer Isaac Zimbalist read a statement to an American Bar Association meeting in Washington on May 19 that the spin-off provision had attracted public attention, and "we are thinking about it," he said.

"But we have made no decisions as to the current ruling practice, as to whether to issue guidance regarding this aspect and related aspects of spin-offs, or as to what the substance of any guidance might be," Zimbalist said.

Gene Lee, Darden's chief executive, told analysts on Tuesday that the company believed the operating business it plans to spin-off meets all applicable laws.

"We have been watching developments closely and recognize that the IRS is reviewing its ruling practice in this area," he said.

Shares in Yahoo Inc fell 7.6 percent the day of the IRS statement on worries that a change in U.S. tax regulations would affect Yahoo's expected spin-off of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Yahoo said it understood the IRS statement was not specific to its planned spin-off.

Nick Gruidl, a partner at tax consultants McGladrey LLP in Washington, said renting real estate back to the business that just spun it off generally will not qualify for an exemption of Section 355 of the tax code, and can lead to double taxation.

"The big issue is, does this real estate activity qualify, and in many cases it will not," Gruidl said. "So because of the potential downside with a taxable 355, they'll make sure to transfer a small active trade or business," he said, referring to Darden.

(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Andrew Hay) Want to Buy a New MacBook Today? Apple Can't Help You It turns out the Watch isn t the only hot new Apple product that s proving hard to find at retail.

Waltz into an Apple Store today asking for a new 12-inch MacBook and you ll likely be sent away empty-handed. Locations that we ve checked (several in New York City, San Francisco, and elsewhere) are telling us they ve had trouble keeping the company s slick new laptop in stock. Small-unit shipments that trickle in are being snatched up quickly by early-morning buyers, leaving a running inventory of zero.

Related: The Thinnest, Loveliest MacBook You ll Never Buy

On Wednesday, Apple s online store showed an  available  date of July 30 for its new laptop, if you choose to have it sent off to an Apple Store for pickup. Shelling out extra for express shipping ($13) means that you could have one at your door sometime between July 21 and July 28.



Even then, Apple s online store won t let you buy more than two of these $1300+ items at a time.



Unlike the supply shortage Apple faced at the April launch of MacBook, the current backorder looks like it applies to all three colors, not just the enviable gold version.



Apple did not immediately respond to our questions about the scarcity of its latest and most darling MacBook. So we re left wondering:  What gives? 

NPD market analyst Stephen Baker told us that it s possible the company simply underestimated demand for its new MacBook.

 Apple is usually conservative in its forecast on something new,  Baker wrote in an email to Yahoo Tech.  But they also have a pretty tight supply chain. So they can normally get back in stock fairly quickly. 

So in the meantime, where   besides from a price-gouging eBayer   can you get a 2015 MacBook in a timely manner?



 If you really need a MacBook right now   I would say to look for smaller volume retailers online who might sell Macs or maybe a local Mac reseller,  suggested Baker.

Or you can go the big box route and get one shipped to you relatively quickly. Best Buy stores, typically the second most reliable place to purchase an Apple gadget, appear to be facing a similar shortage of in-stock MacBooks. But if you re willing to shell out an extra $30, BestBuy.com claims it will ship you a laptop on the color of your choice in two days. There s also a free shipping option that takes about a week.

And if that s not good enough, well, can we interest you in a MacBook Air, perhaps?



Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Report: Windows 10 Will Be Sold on a Flash Drive According to information allegedly obtained by German news site WinFuture, some retail versions of Windows 10 will be sold on preloaded USB flash drives.

A Microsoft spokesperson declined to confirm or deny the news, citing the company s policy to not comment on rumors or speculation.

The much-anticipated multi-platform version of Microsoft s flagship OS is built to operate not only on full PCs, but also tablets and ultrabook laptops, most of which don t typically pack a CD or DVD drive. A USB thumb drive version would allow smaller, next-gen machines to also install Windows 10 Home or Professionial versions from scratch without a lengthy download.

The full-install version of Windows 10, set to be released on July 29, will start at $119.

Of course, since Microsoft has announced that Windows 10 will come as a free, downloadable update for current Windows 7 and Windows 8 customers, most PCers will never need to see a Windows 10 disc or flash drive.

But hey, by slowly eschewing plastic discs and finally giving us a version of Windows that s better than Windows XP, Microsoft is already well on its way toward embracing 21st century technology. Way to go, Redmond!

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-06-16
Yahoo CEO Says Alibaba Stake Spinoff Proceeding as Planned Yahoo! Inc. Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer said that the company s spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. is proceeding as planned.

Yahoo shares rose as much as 2.3 percent after Mayer said she s confident about the plan, which will distribute shares in the Chinese e-commerce company to Yahoo shareholders. It shouldn t be affected by any potential regulatory changes, she said during an interview at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in San Francisco. The company has been reassured that any new tax steps weren t  specific  to Yahoo, she said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Last month, an official at the U.S. Internal Revenue Service said the agency is considering changes to rules concerning spinoffs. The Alibaba stake was valued at almost $40 billion when the spinoff was announced. Yahoo has said potential IRS changes to the tax-free treatment of spinoffs shouldn t affect previously filed requests. The company has already lodged its plan and is still working toward undertaking the transaction in the fourth quarter, it said.

 We re proceeding with our plan,  Mayer said.  The changes don t apply for previous requests. These proposed changes aren t changing the applicable law, but just changing the processes. There are many of these transactions. We feel like we should proceed with the transaction as we planned. 

The shares of Yahoo rose as high as $41.40 after Mayer s remarks. The stock is now up less than 1 percent at $40.81 at 1:40 p.m. in New York.

Main Business

Mayer, who joined the company almost three years ago, is looking for ways to jump-start growth as she faces competition from Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. During the first quarter, sales, excluding revenue shared with partner websites, fell 4 percent to $1.04 billion, missing analysts  estimates.

The CEO also talked up Yahoo s new partnership with the National Football League to show a game in October on the Yahoo service. Mayer said she would like to work with the NFL more in the future.

For more, read this QuickTake: China's E-commerce Giant What Kind of Company Is Yahoo Now? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

34:53 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Marissa Mayer: What's Next for Yahoo in Two Minutes Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

34:55 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Marissa Mayer's Report Card: What's Yahoo Worth? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

35:11 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Marissa Mayer: Yahoo Is Best Design Problem I've Had Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

35:21 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Abu Dhabi Court Could Impose $68000 Fine on Man for Swearing in Text Message Those living under the cyber crime laws in the United Arab Emirates might want to go ahead and set aside a big swear jar. As one man is finding out the hard way, sending a text message that uses a profanity while in one of the country s lavish cities could garner a fine as large as $68,000.

7Days UAE reported Tuesday that the defendant, initially ordered to pay a 3,000 Dhs ($815) fine for swearing at another man over WhatsApp, is now being brought back to trial by an Abu Dhabi court. Prosecution won the right for a retrial, and is asking the alleged foul-mouth to pay the full possible fine amount.

Talk about expensive texting fees; Verizon doesn t look so bad, after all, does it?

But the same UAE cyber laws that sit poised to hit potty-mouth text messagers in the pockets have also, over the years, put a wide variety of  offenders  behind bars.

An activist in 2013 was sentenced to two years in prison for sending tweets that were critical of the country s handling of the  UAE 94  trial. And an American living in Dubai in 2012 was ordered a one-year jail stint and a 10,000 Dhs ($2,700) fine for posting a parody video online that  defamed the UAE s image abroad. 

S#%&, that all sounds pretty rough!

Via: The Telegraph

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! A Conversation With the Creators of 'Inside Out' On Friday, Pixar s 15th animated feature film hits theaters. It s Inside Out, a movie whose principal characters are all emotions inside an 11-year-old girl s mind. Critics have already given it a rare 100 percent score on RottenTomatoes.com. And it gets high marks from me, too; I got to see an early screening, and I promise you Inside Out is right up there with Pixar s best work.

The movie, which opens this Friday, June 19, was written and directed by Pete Docter, a Pixar veteran (he directed Monsters, Inc., and Up, and wrote the stories for Toy Story 2 and Wall-E), and produced by Jonas Rivera (who also produced Up).

Docter and Rivera visited Yahoo s offices in New York, where I got a chance to interview them about the movie, their company, Pixar s purchase by Disney, and how animated movies get made.

Silicon Valley meets Hollywood

So why is a tech guy interviewing moviemakers? Because Pixar and Silicon Valley grew up together. As a company built entirely around computer-generated animation, Pixar was literally made possible by technology. And year by year, as computers and software grow more powerful, you can see the increasing sophistication of the visual results in Pixar s movies. (It s no coincidence that at one time Steve Jobs was CEO of both Apple and Pixar.)

As Docter tells it, the central concept of Inside Out was inspired by his own 11-year-old daughter, who was  happy, goofy, a little rambunctious  as a little girl, then became quieter and more reclusive as she approached teenhood.  It made me worry,  Docter says,  and that was really what started the movie.  As for using the primary human emotions as characters: Well, that  seemed like exactly what animation does best. 

I asked the Pixarians if their moviemaking has changed, now that increasing hordes are watching movies on the tiny screens of phones, laptops, and tablets. I was expecting them to say that they ve shifted with the times, changing the way they frame their scenes but, in fact, they told me that they still create their movies exclusively for the big screen.

In the excerpt below, Docter and Rivera talk about the physical, technical process of making Pixar movies. (They use an in-house animation program called Marionette, plus Pixar s long-running RenderMan rendering software, and many other software programs.)

And they talk about Steve Jobs s role at the helm of Pixar. At screenings of Pixar s work, Docter says,  He would always be like,  Look, I don t know anything about this this is your guys  expertise  and then he d proceed to give us some brilliant note. 

 He would say things like,  The products I make [at Apple] are five years at best and then they re doorstops ,  Rivera recalls.  A computer, phone, whatever it is, there s a certain shelf life there. But Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs has been with us since the 1930s and it still holds up. And boy, if we do our job right, we could have something like that. 

Pixar vs. Disney

As our conversation wound down, I offered Docter and Rivera some questions that my Twitter followers had submitted and they were good ones. LIke,  How would you characterize the difference between Pixar animation and Disney animation?  and  Are you buying into the Oscar buzz already surrounding  Inside Out ?  not just for Best Animated Picture, but for Best Picture? 

Here s what they said.

Pixar s streak of brilliant movies is astonishing. How does this company keep creating such entertaining, emotionally knowing, highly acclaimed movies, with so few missteps (*cough* Cars 2 *cough*)? And why can t any other studio seem to replicate that success?

According to Docter, the answer lies in Pixar s culture, where the executives are the filmmakers. And in its beliefs like the one that says  We don t ever do the same thing twice. 

Well, whatever they re doing, it s working.

David Pogue is the founder of Yahoo Tech. On the Web, he s davidpogue.com. On Twitter, he s @pogue. On email, he s poguester@yahoo.com. He welcomes non-toxic comments in the Comments below.

 
2015-09-25
UPDATE - Ease Inc. Launches Manufacturing Process Auditing Solution MISSION VIEJO, CA--(Marketwired - September 25, 2015) - Ease Inc., an industry leader in process performance solutions, today announced the release of its new Software-as-a-Service product: Beacon. Aimed at helping manufacturers looking for a way to move away from paper-based auditing systems, Beacon focuses on automating and improving layered process audit (LPA) programs.

Audits are sometimes required of manufacturers, which often struggle with various aspects of the process, from implementation and staffing to remediation and result analysis. And even if audits are optional, many companies encounter difficulty as they strive to ensure quality in their production lines. With SaaS-based Beacon, manufacturers can efficiently conduct LPAs across the organization and, ultimately, achieve greater quality and reduced costs at their plants.

A key feature of Beacon is its adoption of tablet technology to replace paper-based auditing processes. This innovation results in three significant benefits:

Beacon reflects real-time data, which allows managers to be proactive about potential issues instead of just reactive to problems.

Beacon provides close-loop reporting so that management has visibility into process conformance and corrective actions taken across operations.

Beacon makes audits easier to create, schedule, manage, change, and control.

Beacon also integrates with existing manufacturing plant software, including enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions, manufacturing execution systems (MES), and enterprise quality management software (EQMS).

"Whether mandatory or optional, process audits are an important element of quality and profitability within the manufacturing process," says Eric Stoop, CEO of Ease Inc. "However, many companies find themselves overwhelmed by the time, effort, and expense required to conduct effective audits. Beacon solves many of the struggles that manufacturers experience during the auditing process. The result is increased efficiency, cost savings, and resource utilization."

For more information about Ease's innovative process performance solutions, visit the company's website at www.easeinc.com.

About Ease Inc.

Founded in 1986, Ease is a leading provider of process and production performance solutions, from electronic work instructions and in-process data collection to work measurement and layered process audits. Available as a cloud-based or on-premise solution, Ease leverages years of experience working with global organizations to better engage key resources and enhance visibility, control, and flexibility at every stage of the production and process lifecycle. From design to delivery, Ease empowers businesses to deliver higher-quality products and services in less time and at lower cost. For more information, visit www.easeinc.com.

Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/9/25/11G057235/Images/Beacon-dashboard-1309568012001.jpg

 The most expensive sake that Alibaba's Jack Ma ever had You shouldn't believe everything you read in the papers - yet, says Ma.

You shouldn't believe everything you read in the papers - yet, says Ma. Photograph by Daniel Acker   Bloomberg via Getty Images

The most expensive sake that Alibaba s Jack Ma ever had

This year marks the tenth anniversary of one of the most lucrative deals in tech history. In 2005, Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang led Yahoo's negotiations to buy a 40% stake in Jack Ma's then fledgling Chinese e-commerce company, Alibaba, for $1 billion.

That stake is now worth over $20 billion.

On Thursday night, during an interview at Stanford University , the two executives took a trip down memory lane and talked about the blockbuster deal. Yang played the part of the interviewer while Ma answered his questions.

"It was a big risk when [Yang] put $1 billion into Alibaba," said Ma, now Alibaba's chairman. "We went back and forth over the terms, and almost ended the deal at one point."

That night, to help settle the impasse, Yang asked Ma out for a drink. Yang bought Ma a massive glass of sake, and aimed to convince Ma how wonderful Yahoo was, and how the deal would help Alibaba. "It was the most expensive sake I have ever had," Ma joked.

Yang and Ma's history spans decades. Yang first met Ma on a trip to China in 1997, when Ma was working for the Chinese government as a translator. Ma was assigned to take Yang on a tour of China's Great Wall.

Nearly ten years later, Yang started hearing about Alibaba, a marketplace for businesses much like eBay. Yang kept wondering if it was the same Jack Ma that had been his tour guide in China.

It was 2005, and Yang recalled that Yahoo was trying to build a business in China after seeing success with Yahoo's operations in Japan. "But we couldn't build a China business," Yang explained.

Yahoo's eBay-like site in China was getting "killed" by a local company called Taobao, one of Alibaba's e-commerce sites. "I thought, if you can't beat them, join them," Yang said.

The story will take a new twist if and when Yahoo ( yhoo ) eventually spins off its massive investment in Alibaba ( baba ) amid pressure from Wall Street to return money to shareholders. Yahoo s plan is to put the shares in an independent public company called Aabaco Holdings as a way to avoid billions in taxes. But the IRS has declined to rule on a proposed tax-free spin-out, creating uncertainty around the plan.

Ma and Yang didn't address the current state of Yahoo's stake. But during the interview, Ma revealed another interesting tidbit   that Alibaba videotapes many business discussions. In particular, there are videotapes of many of the heated discussions around the decision to take money from Yahoo back in 2005.

"One day we'll release those," he laughed.

For more about Alibaba's executive leadership, watch this video: Apple under fire for factory conditions as iPhone launches Rights campaigners stage a protest coinciding with the launch of the new iPhone 6s outside an Apple store in Hong Kong on September 25, 2015 (AFP Photo/Philippe Lopez)

Hong Kong (AFP) - A labour rights group marked the launch of Apple's latest iPhone Friday with a report accusing one of the smartphone giant's Chinese suppliers of exploiting factory workers.

Hong Kong-based Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehaviour (SACOM) say Lens Technology, which makes touchscreen glass, used forced overtime, withheld wages and risked workers' health after a months-long investigation into three of its factories.

Company founder Zhou Qunfei, herself a former factory worker, became China's richest woman after Lens Technology's debut on the Shenzhen stock exchange in March.

As the iPhone 6 went on sale in markets including Hong Kong, Japan and mainland China on Friday, SACOM called for Apple to "apply immediate measures to rectify exploitations in its supply chain".

"We urge Apple Inc. to fulfil its corporate responsibility... to give workers a workplace with dignity and respect," a statement said.

The allegations involve employees working for a month without a day off, wages being withheld for weeks and the company failing to pay social security.

"Dust, noise, polluted water and chemical substances are common problems on the shop floor," it added, with management "ignoring if workers were well-protected".

It sent undercover workers into factories, as well as interviewing workers off-site.

SACOM was to deliver its new report on Friday to Apple and Lens Technology, which is based in the southern Chinese province of Hunan.

Around 10 protesters gathered outside one of Apple's largest stores in Hong Kong on Friday morning, holding giant phones with the slogan "Throw Away The Bad Apple".





- Customers oblivious -

But the supplier denied any wrongdoing, saying overtime is not mandatory, and that it strictly limits overtime to two hours a day and workers take at least one rest day per week.

It also denied failing to pay social security and said it carries out regular inspections of the working environment.

"Lens Technology is a listed public company and has always complied with the laws and regulations, as well as strictly following the parameters set by our clients," the company said in an email to AFP.

"During peak season there is indeed overtime but it is not forced... Many employees actually raise their hands to work overtime to earn more."

The hundreds of customers who had pre-ordered one of the new phones were largely oblivious to the allegations.

"I think bad conditions happen to all brands," said James Leung, 30, who was waiting to pick up a rose-gold phone for his wife, which he said cost him HK$5,000 ($645).

"For me, I need a phone, so I'll get a new phone."

Lens Technology also supplies Samsung and other leading tech firms. SACOM spokeswoman Liang Pui-kwan said the group was not only targeting Apple.

"But Apple is the richest and has the biggest ability to make change and bring the industry forward," she said.

Apple was not immediately available for comment.

The iPhone 6S features a new "3D Touch" feature that allows users to differentiate between a light touch and a harder tap, with the phone reacting differently to each.

In Asia-Pacific, the phone was launched in Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand and Singapore on Friday. 
2015-12-15
Yahoo's Mobile Developer Conference Returns to San Francisco on February 18th SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today announced that the Yahoo Mobile Developer Conference is returning to San Francisco on February 18 at the San Francisco Masonic Center. The conference will feature a presentation from Simon Khalaf, SVP of Publisher Product; along with fireside chats and breakout sessions with industry executives that will provide best-in-class insights and learnings for developers to drive user acquisition and monetization.

 Since Flurry s acquisition, Yahoo has invested heavily into the mobile ecosystem and has helped hundreds of thousands of developers build and improve their apps. Our Mobile Developer Conference and product suite are the cornerstone of this business focus,  said Simon Khalaf, SVP of Publisher Products.  In 2016, we look forward to providing the developer community with even more resources to grow their businesses. We couldn t be more excited to host our third mobile developer conference in San Francisco. 

For more information, updates on the agenda and speakers, and to request an invitation, developers can check the official event Tumblr here: ymdcsf2016.tumblr.com.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' digital habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Yahoo's Human Intervention Claim In TCPA Suit Falls Flat Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Yahoo Japan offers to buy travel site Ikyu for $828 million A website of Yahoo Japan Corp is seen on a computer screen in Tokyo in this August 19, 2009 file photo. REUTERS/Stringer

Yahoo Japan said it offered to take over travel website Ikyu Corp for around 100 billion yen ($828 million), as the Japan-based e-commerce company aims to expand its travel and restaurant reservation business.

Yahoo Japan, owned 35.5 percent by Yahoo Inc and 36.4 percent by SoftBank Group, said in a statement it offered 3,433 yen per share for Ikyu, a premium of around 42 percent to its close earlier on Tuesday.

The move comes as the U.S.-based Yahoo Inc is considering what to do with its stake in Yahoo Japan, worth about $8.5 billion at current exchange rates.

Yahoo Inc shelved plans to spin off its stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd on Wednesday, under pressure from activist investors worried about tax payments, and said instead it is looking at creating a separate company to hold the rest of its assets.

(Reporting By Chris Gallagher and Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Amid Troubles, Yahoo Throws Lavish Roaring '20s-Style Holiday Party SUNNYVALE (CBS SF)   While Yahoo considers spinning off its core internet business as its stock drops considerably, the company recently threw a lavish holiday party that reportedly cost millions.

Pictures posted to social media showed the roaring  20s-themed party that reportedly took place at Pier 48 in San Francisco. The pictures showed a party space filled with chandeliers and a vintage Rolls Royce.

According to Vice, the party included  swinging flapper aerialists,  a burlesque troupe, costumed actors wearing 1920s garb, along with fine food and drink.

CEO Marissa Mayer was spotted posing for photos with party attendees. Mayer, who was pregnant at the time, gave birth to twin girls several days later.

#roaringyep A post shared by Lin Liu (@liulinthu) on Dec 4, 2015 at 10:28pm PST

Eric Jackson, a Yahoo investor who wants Mayer removed, claimed the party cost $7 million in a presentation to shareholders. A source told Vice that the party cost less than a third of what Jackson claimed.

Yahoo stock has been down about 30 percent so far this year. Last week, the Sunnyvale-based company announced that it was scrapping its plan to sell off its stake in Chinese internet company Alibaba. Instead the company is looking at spinning off all of its other businesses into a new company. Yahoo Under Pressure: Bloomberg West (Full Show 12/14) Uber Says Growth Outpaces Losses

48:04 - Uber isn t required to report its finances publicly, but the privately held company has decided to forgo that luxury for the first time. Bloomberg's Ramy Inocencio reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-07-15
Is Trump really the great stock picker he claims to be? Is Trump really the great stock picker he claims to be?

Leave it to Donald J. Trump to turn a bureaucratic disclosure form into a chance to boast about how good he is even at things he doesn t try hard at.

Trump s chest-thumping statement on his personal financial disclosure to the Federal Election Commission - after claiming in all-caps that he s worth more than  TEN BILLION DOLLARS    makes special note of his prowess at playing the stock market with his play money.



The Republican presidential contender s press release says:  Even though stock market purchases are not something that Mr. Trump has focused on in the past, and while only a small part of his net worth, 40 of the 45 stocks purchased went up in a relatively short period of time, creating a gain of $27,021,471, not including those stocks still remaining in the portfolio which currently have an unrealized gain of over $22 million. 



Related: Donald Trump still has a money problem, no matter how rich he is

The attached schedule of stock transactions shows that Trump sold $94.4 million worth of stock as of Jan. 31, 2014, having paid $67.3 million at an unspecified earlier date. The realized gain on the stock transactions provided was 40.1%.



It s impossible to gauge the relative skill of Trump s stock picking because of the lack of a start date. But here s a guess that he probably acquired the portfolio during 2012 or near the start of 2013. From Dec. 31, 2012, through Jan. 31, 2014, the Standard & Poor s 500 gained just under 40%. And given the makeup of the stocks Trump owned   a generic list of widow-and-orphan style blue chips   his account would have tracked the broad, large-cap benchmark pretty closely.



The 45 stocks listed include more than half of the 30 members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, plus Facebook Inc. (FB), Amazon (AMZN) Tiffany & Co. (TIF), Yahoo Finance parent Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) and a smattering of other household-name stocks.



Indeed, at least a sizable part of the portfolio at least has the look of an investment firm s separately managed stock account, given the roughly equal dollar amounts of just under $1 million paid for about three-quarters of the 45 stocks.



The per-share cost of his 12,800 shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) is $66.43 (adjusted for the stock split subsequent to his purchase), which was Apple s price in early February 2012. It also got back there in early-to-mid 2013. He booked an 18.5% gain in Apple as of Jan. 31, 2014   missing the subsequent 75% surge since then.



He bought Facebook well, paying just over $19 a share  which must have been in mid- to late 2012   and rode it until the stock tripled. Since he was out of the stock, it s run another 43%.



The biggest losers in the portfolio were energy stocks, losing 36% in Noble Energy (NBL) and nearly 10% in Enbridge Inc. (ENB).



Meantime, his mixed results in high-powered hedge funds shows the way that mom-and-pop stocks have outperformed those pools of capital reserved for the wealthy.



He s sitting on modest losses on his $10 million investment in three hedge funds run by John Paulson, whose great success betting on disaster ahead of the financial crisis gave way to a tough few years of lean results.



Bottom line: Trump s nice windfall in stocks seems to have had more to do with Trump s timing in riding a strong patch of a sturdy bull market than with any particular genius in selecting great stocks. Macy's Jumps After Starboard Values Retailer at $125 a Share Macy s Inc. shares had their best day since 2013 after activist investor Starboard Value acquired a stake, saying the department-store chain s stock would be worth $125 if it better capitalized on its real estate.

Macy s could separate its properties from operations, unlocking value for investors, Starboard Chief Executive Officer Jeff Smith said on Wednesday at the CNBC Institutional Investor Delivering Alpha Conference in New York. Its real estate is worth $21 billion of the company s $29 billion enterprise value, according to Starboard s analysis.

The move follows Starboard s historic campaign against Darden Restaurants Inc., Olive Garden s parent company, which replaced its entire board after a proxy fight. Darden ultimately agreed to create a separate real estate investment trust, which will trade publicly. Smith said he hopes to now work with Macy s management on a plan.

Macy s rose 7.9 percent to $72.01 after Smith s remarks, the biggest gain since November 2013. The stock was up just 1.5 percent this year through yesterday s close, trailing the Standard & Poor s 500.

In response to Smith s comments, Macy s noted that it has sold or exited several properties, though its strategy is to keep a mix of owned and leased stores.

 We work continuously to maximize shareholder value and exchange views with a wide variety of shareholders as we do so,  Jim Sluzewski, a spokesman for the retailer, said in an e-mail.  This is an ongoing process of disciplined allocation of capital that has included share repurchases, increased dividends and continued investments in our business, which has led to superior operating performance compared to the majority of our competitors. 

Sears s Model

If Macy s offloads more of its real estate, it would be embracing an approach used by other retailers, including Sears Holdings Corp. and Hudson s Bay Co. Sales, meanwhile, have been sluggish, hurt by a slowdown in tourism, more competition and struggles at the Michael Kors brand.

Macy s, the largest U.S. department-store company, reported first-quarter earnings in May that missed analysts  estimates. The retailer blamed the tourism slump, unseasonably cold weather and West Coast port delays.

Macy s has been trying to revive sales and broaden its customer base by adding brands and experimenting with lower-priced outlets. It s also cutting costs and bolstering its Web capabilities, such as allowing customers to buy items online and pick them up in a store.

Closing Stores

The company is always evaluating its locations and is shedding a number of properties, including ones in Cupertino, California, and downtown Pittsburgh, Sluzewski said.

 We recognize the potential attractiveness of real estate investment trusts and similar alternative real estate ownership structures in today s marketplace,  he said.  We are currently evaluating those structures including analyzing the various economic, tax, operational and other issues associated with them. 

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Starboard typically targets small and mid-cap public companies it considers undervalued, pushing executives and directors for changes such as unit spinoffs and asset sales. The activist recently campaigned for changes at Yahoo! Inc., including the Web portal s need to spin off its $40 billion stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. to shareholders in a tax-efficient way. Yahoo announced a plan to do so in January.

Starboard has racked up several other high-profile victories lately. It helped persuade LSB Industries Inc. to separate its chemicals and climate-control businesses while overhauling its board. And it pushed office-supply rivals Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. to merge. Go inside Tumblr, the quirky blogging platform Yahoo bought for $1.1 billion ... If you've ever been on Tumblr, the microblogging site Yahoo bought for $1.1 billion in 2013, you know how wildly diverse and entertaining its more than 245 million blogs can be. Tumblr's recently updated office in New York City's Flatiron District is a good reflection of the site's character. "We essentially wanted it to feel like Tumblr the site," Megan Leet, Tumblr's head of office experience and events, said to Business Insider. "We like simplicity, but we really wanted to capture Tumblr's eclectic, fun nature." Art from Tumblr users lines the walls. There's beer on tap in the kitchen, and a recently opened roof deck makes for the perfect summer hangout. Tumblr offers a $2,500 referral bonus that they encourage people to spend on office events or perks, from a DJ table to a company trip to a Beyonc  concert. We recently took a trip to Tumblr headquarters, and that commitment to community really showed. View As: One Page Slides

When Tumblr was just getting started, it made its home on the 10th floor of this office. Now its more than 200-person workforce takes up most of the building.

Tumblr recently completed work on its beautiful ground-floor event space, which they took over after a nightclub that had previously occupied the space closed. Employees usually eat lunch at the tables in the center of the room, but they can be folded up and put away for special events. "We love to host external guests for talks and other events, but it's also great for internal all-team meetings," Leet said. "We had the opportunity to build out the ground floor to be ideal for that."

The company sometimes hosts movie nights where they project films on this massive, floor-to-ceiling screen. They even get to see some movies before they're released in theaters, including, most recently, "Ex Machina."

Tumblr employees get to enjoy several free meals each week. Mondays and Fridays, they get catered lunch from popular New York restaurants, while Tuesdays and Thursdays it's breakfast. On Wednesdays in the summer, a food truck parks outside the Tumblr office just for employees to buy lunch.

The office is fully stocked for the times in between meals, however.

They even have beer and cold-brew coffee on tap.

It wouldn't be a tech office without a ping-pong table. Tumblr has a foosball table, too, and we're told that competition can get heated.

There's tons of art by Tumblr users all over the walls, like these portraits of subway riders that were done by New York City-based artist Gregory Muenzen.

This bookcase, for example, holds books that were put together from popular Tumblr blogs.

And to make their parties just a little bit more fun, the team installed a permanent GIF booth made by The Bosco. Read more about the Bosco's booths  

As you walk through the office, you'll see signs of Tumblr's quirkiness everywhere, like this alien that appears on a restroom door.

The actual work gets done upstairs, where desks are arranged by team.

Screens with Tumblr GIFs watch over the work area.

Network Engineering Manager Aaron Prat decided he wanted an office pet, so he built a fish tank next to his desk.

Say hello to Joshua the turtle.

The office has a bunch of conference rooms, all decorated beautifully and named after famous buildings in New York City. This one is called the Carnegie.

This one is the Orion Room, named after a famous condo building in midtown Manhattan.

And this one is called the Flatiron Room, named for the famous building that's located just a few blocks away from the Tumblr office. Once a month, the company hires a massage therapist whose services employees can book in the office conference rooms.

Tumblr throws parties throughout the year, but their favorite is the annual Halloween bash. Some people leave their costumes in the office year-round   hence the ketchup bottle and pea pod get-ups.

The company recently added this band room in the basement area. Some people like to come in here to sing, play music, or otherwise blow off some steam.

They also offer plenty of storage for people who want to ride their bikes to work.

They even built a shower so you could get clean after a tough bike ride.

The company also just unveiled its roof deck in June. It has incredible Manhattan views in every direction.

Some people take their meetings outside on warm days. Leet says that they've started hosting yoga classes out here, and one coworker is going to teach a group how to do tai chi. With Election Disclosure, Trump Reveals His Personal Stock Picks Donald Trump filed his personal financial disclosure with the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday, revealing in a press release where he puts his $90 million investment portfolio.

The real estate billionaire, who has a personal net worth of $4 billion according to Forbes ($10 billion according to Trump), had $90.6 million invested in hedge funds, mutual funds, and fixed income as of June 15. He also sold shares in several Fortune 500 companies--among them Amazon, Apple, General Motors, General Electric, and Microsoft--that resulted in a $27 million gain when they were sold in January 2014. The campaign likely highlighted this Wednesday in an effort to underscore his business acumen, a quality he has emphasized as one that would make him a good president.

"Even though stock market purchases are not something that Mr. Trump has focused on in the past, and while only a small part of his net worth, 40 of the 45 stocks purchased went up in a relatively short period of time, creating a gain of $27,021,471, not including those stocks still remaining in the portfolio which currently have an unrealized gain of over $22 million," the Trump campaign said in a statement.

A representative told Forbes Wednesday the stock picks are Trump's personal stock selections, and not those of a fund manager. Of course, determining whether the stock sales outperformed the S&P 500 is impossible without knowing the purchase dates, which Trump did not release.

Trump also has money is invested with several hedge funds, including two funds with Paulson & Co., two with Angelo Gordon & Co., one with MidOcean Partners, as well as stocks and fixed income at Oppenheimer and mutual funds with Baron Funds.

Here are the stock sales Trump made in January 2014, according to a press release regarding his personal financial disclosure:

3,800 shares Amazon for gain of $518,583

230,000 shares Alcoa for gain of $621,900

12,800 shares Apple Inc. for gain of $1,105,859

710,000 shares Bank of America for gain of $6,741,024

65,000 shares Boeing Co. for gain of $3,964,948

17,000 shares ConocoPhillips for gain of $133,005

66,000 shares Carnival Corp for gain of $652,252

23,200 shares Caterpillar Inc. for gain of $20,741

48,000 shares Cisco for gain of $73,210

23,000 shares Coca Cola for loss of $71,351

16,600 shares Colgate Palmolive for gain of $58,669

26,400 shares Cummins for gain of $385,884

38,000 shares D R Horton Inc for loss of $204,577

12,800 shares Deere & Co. for gain of $104,084.48

40,300 shares E I Du Pont for gain of $440,184

8,300 shares EOG Res Inc for gain of $385,401

19,000 shares EBAY for gain of $38,492

14,000 shares Exxon Mobil for gain of $348,442

21,000 shares Enbridge Inc for loss of $82,841

73,500 shares Ford Motor for gain of $177,635

8,400 shares Goldman Sachs for gain of $431,468

1,140 shares Google Inc for gain of $299,923

33,000 shares of General Motors for gain of $241,448

47,500 shares of General Electric for gain of $187,440

40,000 shares of General Mills for gain of $23,792

49,000 shares of Intel Corp for gain of $233,157

16,000 shares of Johnson & Johnson for gain of $478,136

57,500 shares of Morgan Stanley for gain of $750,530

28,500 shares of Met Life for gain of $427,910

11,250 shares of McDonalds for gain of $75,180

37,500 shares of Microsoft for gain of $389,940

17,800 shares of Noble Energy for gain of $127,692

21,000 shares of Occidental Petroleum for loss of $121,661

12,000 shares of PepsiCo Inc. for loss of $4,2006

33,000 shares of Pfizer for gain of $10,273

16,500 shares of Proctor & Gamble for gain of $336,887

13,500 shares of Schlumberger Ltd for gain of $201,185

6,000 shares of Sherwin Williams for gain of $173,869

12,400 shares of Travelers Companies for gain of $25,230

16,900 shares of Tiffany & Co. for gain of $421,151

28,000 shares of Toll Brothers for gain of $20,166

23,500 shares of Volkswagen ADR for gain of $202,984

110,000 shares of Best Buy Co Inc. for gain of $2,240,615

100,000 shares of Facebook for gain of $3,856,999

38,000 shares of YAHOO Inc. for gain of $581,262 HTC's Desire 626: A Budget Smartphone That Doesn't Look Cheap Buying a budget-friendly smartphone used to mean settling for an ugly, chunky piece of plastic that was already practically obsolete. But that s no longer the case.

The latest example: HTC s new Desire 626. Coming to AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon, as well as to a variety of pre-paid carriers, this Android handset offers the good looks you d expect from a premium phone without the high price.

Think of the Desire 626 as HTC s answer to Apple s iPhone 5c: It s not the flagship model, but it s still pretty damn good.

Looking good

Like I say, the Desire 626 s main selling point is its design. Not only is it relatively lightweight and thin, but it s really attractive.

T-Mobile s version of the phone comes in purple on pink. (Too bad that version also has a glossy back that picks up way too many fingerprint smudges.) Cricket s version is dark blue on light blue. If you re looking for something more subdued, there s a white-on-tan version from Verizon.

The 626 comes with a relatively large 5-inch screen with 720p resolution. That means its images won t be quite as sharp as those viewed on something like the iPhone 6, but you d need a pretty discerning eye to see the difference.

HTC has packed Desire 626 with a quad-core processor and 1.5GB of memory, which means apps and games should run smoothly. In my brief hands-on time with the phone, I found it to be quite speedy: I had no problems swiping through apps, and the camera app opened in a snap.

I did, however, notice that the camera delayed a beat or two between photos, which could make snapping a series of quick shots difficult.

Speaking of taking pictures, the Desire 626 comes with an 8-megapixel rear camera and 5-megapixel camera in front. The few quick shots I was able to take looked clear and colorful when viewed on the phone s screen.

Storage space for the Desire 626 is limited to 16GB, which could be a problem if you take a ton of pictures and save a lot of music. Thankfully, HTC has included a microSD card slot so you can expand that storage space.

The Desire 626 will be available this summer through Verizon and A&T with standard contracts, and as a pre-paid phone through Boost Mobile Cricket, Sprint , T-Mobile, Tracfone, and Virgin Mobile. (Precise release dates will vary by carrier.)



Stay tuned for our full review of the Desire 626 in the near future.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+. Unfriending Yourself: How to Delete Your Social-Media Accounts Maybe you re tired of feeling compelled to constantly check your news feeds. Or maybe you signed up for accounts that you never ended up using. Or maybe your name is Donald Trump and you re having second thoughts about picking fights with Mexican drug lords via Twitter.

Whatever the reason, there are times when you might want to kill one or more of your social media accounts. But it turns out that it isn t always obvious how to do so. (After all, these services definitely don t want you to go.)

That s why we ve compiled this quick-and-easy guide to unplugging from the most popular social networks: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest.



Ta-ta, Twitter

1. Go to Twitter.com, click on your profile image in the top right corner of the screen and select Settings. (Note: you can only do this from the desktop version of the site, not in the mobile apps.)



2. Scroll to the bottom and click Deactivate My Account.



4. You ll then be taken to a second page asking if you really want to delete your Twitter account. To confirm that you do, click Deactivate <account name>, the enter your password in the dialogue box on the next page and click Deactivate account.

Your profile won t be deleted immediately, though. If you have a normal Twitter account, you ll have 30 days to sign in again and reactivate your profile. If you re a verified user, you have a full year. Once that time is up, though, your profile will be gone forever.

Read More 
2015-12-11
Yahoo SVP Fuloria Leaving Company as Talent Drain Continues Yahoo! Inc. Senior Vice President Prashant Fuloria is leaving the company, another exit from the struggling Web company that s lost top talent this year.

Fuloria, whose duties included product and engineering for advertising products, is moving on to work with entrepreneurs and early-stage companies, Yahoo said in an e-mailed statement. Fuloria joined the company as part of the acquisition of Flurry, a mobile startup, last year. Enrique Munoz Torres will now oversee all ad-facing products after leading search products.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The news comes after Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer scrapped long-held plans to spin off its valuable stake in Chinese e-commerce provider Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. The company is now considering bundling the rest of its assets -- including its Web business and stake in Yahoo Japan Corp. -- into a standalone company. The move came after investor concerns about how to handle tax issues related to the Alibaba investment.

Mayer is grappling with departures even as she struggles to turn around a company hampered by sliding sales and shrinking market share. Other exits include Jacqueline Reses, Yahoo s chief development officer, and Kathy Savitt, who had been chief marketing officer.

 Prashant has made a major positive impact here at Yahoo since joining the company,  it said.  We thank him for his dedication to integrating Flurry and strengthening our advertising products and business.  Daily Fantasy Sites Back in Business in NY After Appeal DraftKings Inc. and FanDuel Inc. can continue doing business in New York for now, after an appeals court halted a trial judge s order to temporarily halt daily fantasy games in the state.

An appeals judge on Friday granted the companies a reprieve until an appellate panel has a chance to rule on a request to block the temporary ban while the companies challenge it.

Final papers in this first stage of the appeal are due Jan. 4, said Joshua Schiller, a lawyer for DraftKings, meaning New Yorkers can keep playing fantasy sports at least until then.

 This is a necessary first step on the road to an appeal that we believe we will win,  Randy Mastro, another attorney for DraftKings, said after an emergency hearing in Manhattan.

In a seesaw contest of legal rulings, the trial-court judge ruled Friday morning that the companies must temporarily close while they fight to prove they shouldn t be banned under New York state gambling laws.

That decision, sought by Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, potentially choked off the sites  largest market and threatened the future of companies that as recently as September boasted valuations of more than $1 billion.

Emergency Challenge

Hours later, appellate judge Paul Feinman -- hearing an emergency challenge to the morning s ruling -- said the companies could keep doing business in the state for now. FanDuel and DraftKings have said they would be irreparably harmed if forced to close even temporarily in New York.

Matt Mittenthal, a spokesman for the attorney general, had no immediate comment on the latest ruling.

DraftKings and FanDuel stand to lose an estimated $35 million in combined annual revenue without New York, which accounts for 13 percent of the nation s fantasy sports market, according to Eilers Research data.

Judicial support for a ban in New York might embolden other states, said Joseph M. Kelly, a professor of business law at SUNY College of Buffalo.

California is the No. 2 market, with 10 percent, and is worth $27 million in combined annual revenue to the two biggest sites. A state assembly committee there is scheduled to discuss a bill that would regulate daily fantasy sports on Dec. 16.

Chance or Skill?

In daily fantasy sports games, a player assembles a roster of athletes and wins or loses based on their real-life performance. The New York attorney general says the business constitutes illegal gambling under state law because the outcome of the contests depends mostly on chance and factors outside of a player s control.

The sites argue that their games are contests of skill, in which a player acts as de facto general manager and selects a team that doesn t exist in real life.

Smaller companies including DraftOps, DraftDay, DailyMVP and MondoGoal have shut down their New York operations, although they weren t compelled by Schneiderman. Yahoo Inc., which operates the third-largest fantasy sports site, was subpoenaed but not told to close by the attorney general.

State Bans

Six states have banned daily fantasy sports games. Others have chosen more moderate regulation. Nevada has classified the activity as gambling, subject to the rules and taxation there. The attorney general in Massachusetts has proposed regulations that label the sites as gambling operations but keep them legal for players over 21 if contests exclude college sports.

New York s case could immediately influence the more than half-dozen states with laws that define gambling contests as games whose outcomes depend on a  material degree  of chance rather than mostly skill, said Kelly, the Buffalo professor.

It also could affect the calculus for the companies that help facilitate payments for some sites, he said. PayPal Holdings Inc., for instance, said in a statement after the morning ruling that it would stop processing payments for fantasy sports providers.

The cases are FanDuel Inc. v. Schneiderman, 161691/2015; DraftKings Inc. v. Schneiderman, 102104/2015; Schneiderman v. DraftKings Inc., 453054/2015; and Schneiderman v. FanDuel Inc., 453056/2015, all in New York State Supreme Court, New York County (Manhattan). Yahoo introduces the ability to manage Gmail right from Yahoo Mail Yahoo! Inc. introduced the ability to connect Gmail and Google Apps account to Yahoo Mail. Yahoo Mail app, introduced in October, has seen quite an uptake with users calling it  slick,   speedy  and  elegant.  The app now has a four-star rating in both the Apple App Store and Google Play. Yahoo! introduced multiple mailbox management for Outlook.com, Hotmail and AOL Mail. This will help sync every single action across all mailboxes, like moving emails between folders, deleting emails, marking them as read, etc. When the user composes an email, he can send from any account he is connected (i.e. personal, school, work, etc.) even though he is using Yahoo Mail.

All the features you need and love in Yahoo Mail   powerful search, smart contacts, rich compose features and Yahoo Account Key for password-free sign-in   are now available with Gmail. Here s your path to a more convenient, powerful and personal email experience. You can now search across your entire history of emails, from day one, for all connected mailboxes!

Here are some of the Yahoo Mail features that users can now use across your Gmail emails:

Sign in, Password Free: With Yahoo Account Key on mobile, you no longer have to memorize complicated passwords. Account Key makes signing in to your Yahoo account as easy as tapping a button.

Compose Engaging Emails: Easily add photos and videos with the new Yahoo Mail app. Or, try the new compose feature on desktop to find and add not only photos and videos, but also GIFs, files and links too. Just click on the  +  sign when composing a new message.

Search Smarter: Find what you need quickly with our search results pages that not only display relevant messages but also files and photos from all your connected mailboxes.

Access Contacts Across Your Mailboxes: Our intelligent contacts manager, powered by Xobni technology, makes suggestions for who you should email based on your habits. Yahoo Mail also displays contact cards that include information you may need about someone (i.e. email addresses, phone numbers, social media info, email history and more).

Multiple mailbox support for Gmail within Yahoo Mail is available globally today in the Yahoo Mail app and on the desktop browser. To connect Gmail account, users need to go into their Account Settings in the Yahoo Mail mobile app or on the desktop.

Yahoo! has also announced new features and capabilities for the Yahoo Mail iOS and Android apps. MDN Inc.: Update on the Company and its Operations MONTREAL, QUEBEC--(Marketwired - Dec 11, 2015) - MDN Inc. (MDN.TO) (the "Company") wishes to inform its shareholders of the latest developments on its current activities and on corporate changes, mainly related to reductions in operating expenses. The TSX Venture index is now at its lowest level for over ten years and the Company has to make adjustments to cope with this great period of hollow.

Change of Auditor

In order to reduce administrative expenses, the Company took the decision to replace its auditor, KPMG LLP / LLP (the "Former Auditor'') by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP / srl / LLP (the "Successor Auditor"). The replacement represents savings of about 40% from 2014.

At the request of the Company, the Former Auditor resigned as auditor of MDN effective November 12, 2015. The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors approved the appointment of the Successor Auditor as of November 12, 2015.

There were no reservations in the Former Auditor's reports in connection with the most recently completed fiscal year (2014) or for any period subsequent to the most recently completed period for which an audit report was issued preceding the date of the Former Auditor's resignation. There are no "reportable events" (as that term is defined in National Instrument 51-102 Continuous Disclosure Obligations) between the Company and the Former Auditor.

Pursuant to NI 51-102, the notice of change of auditor and the required letters of the Former Auditor and the Successor Auditor have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors and have been filed on SEDAR.

Application for transfer to the TSX Venture Exchange

MDN Inc. was incorporated on January 27, 1954 and made its listing on the Montreal Stock Exchange on January 28, 1986. The Company was then transferred to the Toronto Stock Exchange during the merger of the Montreal and Toronto Exchange on December 6, 1993.

The Company has always met the requirements for continued listing. However, the current market situation affects the market capitalization of MDN. The later falls below the minimum threshold required by the TSX and this is what motivates MDN's transfer request on the TSX Venture Exchange. The Venture Exchange also better represents MDN's company sector of small primary sector companies - mining.

In addition, the TSX Venture Exchange offers much more corporate flexibility and the associated costs are lower.

Update on the Agreement in Tanzania

During the third quarter of 2015, MDN signed a Head of Agreement (''HOA") to enter into a joint venture on the properties Ikungu and Ikungu East in Tanzania with Sichuan Xinye Investment Corporation of Mining and Exploration ("XINYE") (see press release dated September 8, 2015). Under the terms of the HOA, XINYE had 100 days to complete a due diligence review after which the Chinese state owned company had to take the decision to continue or not with the signing of a definitive agreement.

MDN is pleased to inform its shareholders that a decision should be taken within the next weeks. In the event of a positive decision MDN would receive US$200,000 within seven days of the decision and the definitive agreement will be finalized. Furthermore, XINYE will have the option to acquire 100% of MDN's interests in Ikungu and Ikungu East for US$3,000,000.

Exploration activities - Prairie Lake

Following the positive exploration results generated during the field works in the summer of 2015 on the Prairie Lake Property in Ontario (see press release dated October 22, 2015), the Company intends to undertake an exploration campaign with geophysical works followed by drilling in the course of 2016. This campaign will enable to better define and understand the geological setting of the property and potentially discover new high-grade niobium bearing carbonatites. The Company plans to conduct a small funding to undertake such exploration campaign.

Administrative expenses

The Company has significantly reduced its administration expenses in 2015 and will continue to reduce them in 2016. The reduction comes largely from a decline in the compensation of the management of the Company and the office rent. The later have also accepted a second salary decrease that will be effective as of the month of January 2016.

Read More 
2015-03-20
Yahoo closing China office, cutting more than 200 jobs Yahoo closing China office, cutting more than 200 jobs

Photo: Julie Jacobson, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Jan. 7, 2014 file photo, Yahoo President and CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. In a letter on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014, activist investor Jeffrey Smith urged Yahoo Inc. to buy another fallen Internet star, AOL Inc. and take steps to reduce the future taxes on the company s lucrative stake in China s Alibaba Group. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, File) less FILE - In this Jan. 7, 2014 file photo, Yahoo President and CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. In a letter on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014, activist investor ... more Photo: Julie Jacobson, Associated Press Yahoo closing China office, cutting more than 200 jobs 1 / 1 Back to Gallery

Yahoo Inc. is shutting down its office in China, a move that will eliminate 200 to 300 jobs, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

The company, which has been consolidating offices and trimming staff around the world, told employees in Beijing that it will close the site, Yahoo said Wednesday. Yahoo had about 12,500 workers worldwide at the end of 2014. While the company didn t say how many would be affected in China, it employed 200 to 300 people there, said the person, who asked not to be named because the number isn t being disclosed.

 We are constantly making changes to align resources, and to foster better collaboration and innovation across our business,  Yahoo said.  We currently do not offer local product experiences in Beijing but the office has served as a research and development center. 

Yahoo is looking for new ways to trim expenses as it comes under pressure from investors, such as Starboard Value LP, who have called for cost-saving measures. Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer said in January that the company has focused on efficiency by keeping its employee numbers little changed even as it invested in products and made acquisitions that added staff at the Sunnyvale Web portal, whose revenue growth has stalled since 2008.

TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters

 An R&D facility like this is a huge cost, and for a company as weak as Yahoo is now, it doesn t make sense,  said Shaun Rein, managing director of China Market Research in Shanghai.  Yahoo doesn t have significance in China. Yahoo can t really recruit top people, and Chinese firms are not going to advertise on Yahoo. 

The exit closes a chapter on Yahoo s sometimes difficult history in China. Executives came under criticism from human rights advocates and U.S. lawmakers after the company turned over information to the Chinese government on journalist Shi Tao, who was later sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Yahoo sold its Chinese operations to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. in 2005.

Last month, Yahoo cut about 1 percent of its workforce, about 125 people, including editorial staff, in Canada. The company also closed its office in Amman, Jordan, and eliminated about 400 positions at its site in Bangalore, India, in recent months.

Yahoo shares have gained 13 percent in the past year, buoyed in part by the company s stake of about 15 percent in Alibaba, China s largest e-commerce company. In January, Mayer unveiled plans for Yahoo to spin off its Alibaba holdings, which are valued at more than $32 billion.

So far, Yahoo is keeping its $8 billion stake in Yahoo Japan Corp. McDermott Patent Litigators To Decamp To Paul Hastings PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) No, Microsoft Isn't Giving Free, Legitimate Windows 10 Upgrades to Pirates (Thinkstock & Microsoft/Illustration by Yahoo Tech)

Earlier this week, Microsoft told Reuters that it would provide free Windows 10 upgrades to people running  genuine and non-genuine  versions of Windows when the new operating system comes out this summer.



Translated from geek speak, it sounded as if Microsoft would be giving everyone, even people running pirated versions of Windows, the option to upgrade to Windows 10 for free. Many publications, including Yahoo Tech, reported that pirates would be given amnesty for their stolen versions of Windows and be given, for free, a licensed version of Windows 10.

If that sounds too good to be true, it is.

When Terry Myerson, head of Microsoft s Operating Systems group, made the announcement, he left out a specific but important caveat, which is that any upgrade from a pirated version of Windows would be registered as non-genuine. In other words, the upgrades won t be legit in Microsoft s books.

If you ve ever used a non-genuine version of Windows and tried to upgrade it, you ve likely noticed that as soon as Microsoft s servers see that your copy of Windows is illegitimate, the desktop flashes black and adds bars that tell you your Windows install is non-genuine. You also get a ton of annoying notifications telling you to upgrade to genuine Windows.

Obviously, pirated versions of Windows are apt to carry malicious software, given that they usually come from unknown sources via peer-to-peer networks.

If you re running a non-genuine version of Windows 7 or 8, Microsoft still lets you download critical security updates   better to keep everyone safe   but you can t get optional updates or use Microsoft s built-in Windows Defender security software.

Microsoft hasn t said how it will handle non-genuine versions of Windows 10, which means that we don t know if those using non-genuine versions will have access to security updates.

Here s what Microsoft told us about the matter:

 We have always been committed to ensuring that customers have the best Windows experience possible. With Windows 10, although non-Genuine PCs may be able to upgrade to Windows 10, the upgrade will not change the genuine state of the license. Non-Genuine Windows is not published by Microsoft. It is not properly licensed, or supported by Microsoft or a trusted partner. If a device was considered non-genuine or mislicensed prior to the upgrade, that device will continue to be considered non-genuine or mislicensed after the upgrade. According to industry experts, use of pirated software, including Non-Genuine Windows, results in a higher risk of malware, fraud (identity theft, credit card theft, etc), public exposure of your personal information, and a higher risk for poor performance or feature malfunctions. 

So, yes, you ll be able to upgrade your pirated version of Windows 7 or 8 to Windows 10, but it s not going to be a full-on legitimate upgrade, and there s no guarantee that you ll still be able to get all of the important software updates you ll need.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-11-30
Yahoo: Starboard Changes Course  Report: The Next iPhone Won't Have a Headphone Jack Every other year, Apple releases a totally redesigned iPhone. In 2012, it was the iPhone 5, in 2014 the iPhone 6. So next year we should see the iPhone 7, which   even though it s probably ten months from being released   is already enjoying its spotlight in the rumor mill.

The latest  insider report  on Apple s next phone: It won t have a headphone jack. Sound crazy? Maybe not.

Japanese blog Mac Otakara, a  reliable source  cited by Apple news blog 9to5Mac, is claiming that Apple s iPhone 7 will be a good deal slimmer than the company s current handsets. Among other things, that reportedly means that the long-standard 3.5mm audio jack will be deleted.

In its place, Apple will purportedly push the iPhone s Lightning port as the new standard connector for wired iPhone headphones. After Apple introduced audio-over-Lightning support in iOS 7, some companies began selling headsets offering  high resolution audio  when connected via that port.

Mac Otakara s iPhone 7 rumor blog   which does have a decent track record   went on to suggest that Apple would, if the headphone jack does go bye-bye, ship the next iPhone with Lightning port EarPod headphones .

Owners of unreasonably expensive third-party headphones can expect that Apple will also release some kind of 3.5mm-to-Lightning port adapter. That way, you could continue using your old gear with Apple s new gear   for a price, of course. (Buyers of the new 12-inch MacBook know what I m talking about.)

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-10-06
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) SWOT Analysis Says Stock Is Still a  Hold  Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is a mixed bag of strengths and weaknesses, and TheStreet Ratings team thinks the stock is a  hold  at current levels. Using a SWOT analysis, the team at Jim Cramer s market news outlet said that though Yahoo looked strong at its core, its inability to grow made it hard to bet on.

Yahoo! Inc. s strengths lie in its solid financial position, reasonable revenue growth, low debt levels and a decent return on equity. However, sluggish earnings growth and relatively low operating cash flow act as counter to the aforementioned strengths.

As such, TheStreet Ratings team found little evidence to justify the stock s out performance relative to the broader markets, and rated it as a  hold. 

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Yahoo! Inc. s Strength Analysis

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s revenue growth has managed to modestly outpace the industry average of 7 percent. On a year-on-year basis, revenue during the last reported quarter jumped 15 percent. However, this impressive growth in revenue seems to have failed to trickle down to the firm s bottom line, as indicated by a decline in per share earnings.

Yahoo s current debt-to-equity ratio is very low at 0.04. Along with this, the tech giant retains a quick ratio of 4.84, which adequately indicates the firm s ability to take care of short-term cash needs.

The Notable Weaknesses

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has appreciably under performed the S&P 500 and the Software & Services sector on the basis of Q-o-Q change in net income. Net income, during the last reported quarter, plunged 108 percent from a year earlier. It fell from a respectable $269.71 million to a dismal -$21.55 million.

Net operating cash flow has also declined to $307.95 million or 13.8 percent, versus the same quarter last year. Additionally, the firm s cash generation rate is also considerably lower than the industry average.

The current gross profit margin is very high at 71 percent. However, Yahoo s net profit margin of -1.73 percent under performs the broader industry average.

The Alibaba Overhang

Despite the risk of the deal not being tax-free, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) disclosed in a SEC filing last month that it was going ahead with the proposed spin-off of its 15.5 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) by December.

Axiom analyst Victor Anthony thinks that  while there are risks of an IRS challenge post the spin-off, the risks are likely to be minimal. 

 In the event the IRS does challenge (post the spin-off), the process would likely take multiple years to institute and then take multiple years to resolve,  Anthony wrote to clients yesterday.

He further notes that  industry-like growth will likely take several more years . However, he was quick to add that there are multiple avenues to increase shareholder value  including share repurchases and further headcount reductions. 

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock is currently trading around the $30-mark, and has dropped almost 40 percent since the start of the year. Wall Street continues to remain wary of the firm s core search business. Yahoo! (YHOO) Expands Data Center in Quincy, Washington  53rd Street Capital - Quarterly Investor Letter - Q3 2015 Dear Investors,

The 53rd Street Capital Composite returned -0.91% in the third quarter of 2015. The S&P 500 returned -6.94% during the same period. For the third quarter, the firm had a daily average gross exposure of 101.2%. See below for a summary of the firm's performance.

PERFORMANCE

53rd Street Capital Composite - 2015 Third Quarter: -0.91%

53rd Street Capital Composite - 2015 Year to Date: +13.08%

S&P 500 - 2015 Third Quarter: -6.94%

S&P 500 - 2015 Year to Date: -6.74%

TOP 5 HOLDINGS (IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER)

  Bombardier Preferred Shares Series 4 (BBD.PR.C:CA)

  Essex Rental Corp. (NASDAQ:ESSX)

  PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL)

  Renren Inc. (NYSE:RENN)

  Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

SELECTED PORTFOLIO POSITIONS

BAKER HUGHES - 53rd Street Capital's position in Bakers Hughes (NYSE:BHI) has been left unchanged during the quarter. Although the deal spread for the Baker Hughes and Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) merger has widened during the quarter from 9.3% to 12.6%, there have been several key developments that lead us to believe that the deal is still on track to close between Q4 2015 and Q1 2016. These developments include the recent announcement by Schlumberger (NYSE:SLB), Baker Hughes and Halliburton's largest competitor, to acquire oil equipment's company Cameron (NYSE:CAM) for ~$14.8b. This acquisition should separate Schlumberger as the clear number one oil services player once completed (even in the event that Baker Hughes and Halliburton successfully merge, which is an overhanging regulator concern). In addition, Baker Hughes and Halliburton continue to make positive progress to appease regulators in hopes of closing the deal such as lining up over $10b of asset divestitures.

BOMBARDIER - 53rd Street Capital initiated a position in the Bombardier Preferred Shares Series 4 (BBD.PR.C:CA) during the third quarter at an average price of ~C$9.50 and a current yield of 15% (38 cents on the dollar with a par value of C$25.00). It is currently trading at 49 cents on the dollar and is our best performing position this quarter. Bombardier, based in Canada, is a global leading manufacturer of transportation equipment split into two main businesses, aerospace and rail. The upcoming CSeries jets have been shown to be best-in-class aircraft, putting them in competition with Boeing and Airbus. The entire capital structure of Bombardier has fallen due to delays in its new CSeries aircraft which has been over-budget and required significant capital outlay to complete. There are fears that the balance sheet won't be able to sustain the capital outlays for much longer. Currently, Bombardier has a normalized annual cash spend of $2b. According to our calculations, Bombardier is able to carry this burden for another 2 to 3 years with its $3.1b cash on hand, plus their upcoming ~$1b rail IPO, and cash generated by the rail division. The company has also tried to quell concerns by hiring a new CEO and CFO, as well as a new sales team. Additionally, the company reduced its workforce and initiated capital raising efforts.

Our forward looking potential catalysts include: 1) An IPO of a part of its rail business by year end, potentially generating over $1b; 2) Recent discussions that the company will be looking to sell stakes in other business units; 3) Completion of the CSeries which is close to full certification and is scheduled for deliveries in 2016 (with 243 firm orders with optionality for 360 more); 4) Their new sales team gaining traction on new CSeries orders. In addition, last week, the local government of Quebec announced that if Bombardier were to ever need financial assistance, they would provide the necessary aid. Quebec views Bombardier as a "huge asset" as the company employs over 40,000 people in the province. We believe the Preferred Shares Series 4 presents the most attractive risk/reward profile in the Bombardier capital structure due to its cumulative dividend and upside to par.

BOULDER BRANDS - 53rd Street Capital initiated a position in Boulder Brands (NASDAQ:BDBD) at an average price of $6.85. Boulder Brands is a small specialty health foods supplier in the US and Canada. We built the position after its founder and CEO resigned. Simultaneously the workforce was reduced by 15%, causing the stock to decrease over 20%. Boulder Brands is a small company playing in a large industry with many missteps from the management team. We believe this company is too small to operate on its own and that with the founder and CEO gone, the board would look to sell the company. Shortly thereafter, two activist investors surfaced with significant ownership stakes, Engaged Capital with ~9.6% and Starboard with ~4.8%. As a result of receiving inquiries from a number of qualified parties that expressed interest in discussing a potential transaction, the company announced that it was exploring strategic alternatives. Looking at historical transactions, we believe that Boulder Brands could fetch a price of ~$12-14 per share if the company were to be acquired.

EBAY / PAYPAL - 53rd Street Capital exited its position in eBay with a profit of ~28% (including long term call options) following eBay's successful spinoff of PayPal in July. We held on to PayPal at an average cost of $35 post spin-off, as we believe it can continue to deliver 20%+ annual top line growth. As a standalone company, it can now focus on its core strengths and competencies as the world's leading digital and mobile platform that enables payments on behalf of consumers and merchants globally. PayPal is well positioned for future deals and partnerships with online retailers (such as Amazon) and this will open up new revenue sources. While PayPal has sold off since the spinoff and is now trading below its initial spinoff price, we believe it is primarily tied with the negative market sentiment.

ESSEX RENTAL - 53rd Street Capital's worst performer of the quarter is Essex Rental and has been purchasing additional shares at the current depressed price levels. The Essex Crane division has gone into technical default and is currently in a forbearance agreement with its creditors while the company seeks to restructure the division. The division recently announced over $1.5m in annual cost saving measures by reducing the workforce by 8% as part of the ongoing restructuring efforts. The Coast Crane division continues to perform as expected as of the latest quarterly earnings report and we believe is worth over $1 per share on a standalone basis. It is important to note that the debt between Essex Crane and Coast Crane is not cross-collateralized, therefore Coast Crane is bankruptcy remote from the Essex Crane division. Even in the event of the Essex Crane division being wiped out by the creditors, the shares still have over 150% upside from the current price levels based on the value of the Coast Crane division. In addition to the upside in Coast Crane, we are given the free option on the Essex Crane division on the possibility that it turns around.

MACY'S - 53rd Street Capital initiated a position in Macy's (NYSE:M) at an average price of $64. Macy's operates department stores across the United States under the Macy's and Bloomingdale's brand. In mid-July, activist investor Starboard announced it had accumulated a stake in Macy's and recommended that the retailer spinoff its massive real estate holdings. Starboard estimates that the move could bolster Macy's share price to $125. Macy's real estate holdings comprise of more than 800 stores across the country, with several trophy properties such as its NYC Herald Square location. Macy's real estate holdings are valued at ~$20b and the enterprise value of the company is currently ~$24b, essentially showcasing that there is minimal remaining value for Macy's positive cash flow generating retail operations. Over the last few weeks, following a new potential IRS ruling limiting companies from spinning off their real estate, Macy's has fallen to a 52 week low which we believe has created an optimal buying opportunity. We believe that there is a high margin of safety due to the company's real estate holdings that supports the current valuation for their retail business as well as the fact that Macy's is trading at multiples lower than its peers. Moreover, the company is currently exploring strategic alternatives in respect to its real estate holdings and has already began to monetize some of its properties at attractive prices.

RENREN - 53rd Street Capital increased its position in Renren during the third quarter at purchase prices between $2.80 and $3.20, replacing the shares that were unloaded at over $4 during the second quarter. Although Renren's prize asset, SoFi, has pushed off their IPO for the time being and raised additional cash through another private funding round, our thesis in Renren remains stronger than ever. SoFi, of which Renren owns ~20%, is growing faster than the market has expected. SoFi's initial end of year goal of funding over $4b in loans was instead reached in the third quarter and it is now on track to hit $6b by the end of the year. SoFi raised an additional $1b in an investment round led by SoftBank, valuing them at $4b, substantially higher than the $3-3.5b valuation we initially anticipated them receiving through an IPO. We attribute the decline in the share price of Renren to the company being based in China, as the Chinese equity markets took a hard spill this past quarter. But Renren's primary assets are mostly US-based (excluding the core business and a few venture capital investments) and therefore we do not believe Renren should be correlated with the Chinese market. These assets include US cash, SoFi, and multiple stakes in US based venture capital investments. In addition, last week an open letter was sent to Renren from private investors. The private investors requested that the Special Committee reject the extremely low, non-binding proposal price of $4.20 per share and retain outside Financial and Legal Advisors to protect the interests of all shareholders. The letter also goes on to detail that the sum of the parts fair value is $6.72 per share. We are in agreement with many of the major points discussed in this letter.

YAHOO / ALIBABA - 53rd Street Capital's position in Yahoo has been left unchanged during the quarter. Yahoo has decided to go through with the spinoff of its Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) stake, even as the looming tax risk from the IRS ruling lingers. The spinoff is expected to be completed in 4Q15. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP ("Skadden"), a prestigious law firm and Yahoo's legal counsel, believes that they will not be taxed due to precedent transactions. The IRS has stated that at this time, if it decides to change the tax rules, it will not retroactively enact these rule changes. If the rules are changed, and the spinoff has already been completed, the new spun-off entity or its new owner will be responsible for the tax bill, relieving Yahoo of the burden. We believe that if this risk exists, it is negligible and is two to three years out before the IRS can challenge it. We anticipate that post-spin, Alibaba may purchase the spun-off entity because it would be inefficient to have 15% of its shares floating around in a separate spun off entity. This would be in line with their buyback program and would allow them to absorb shares at a discount (due to lingering IRS fears and discount applied to the holding company). In addition, Yahoo shares have plunged mainly due to Alibaba's Chinese market related decline. In our view, at current prices, the worst case scenario of full taxation of the Alibaba stake is fully priced into the share price of Yahoo. We have been strategically hedging our Yahoo position by shorting Alibaba.

QUARTERLY THOUGHTS

The third quarter has finally come to an end and market participants across the world are collectively breathing a sigh of relief as they put behind them the worst quarter for the market since 2011. Although we didn't perform as poorly as the major market indices for the quarter, we are unsatisfied with our returns. At 53rd Street Capital, we aim to achieve not only superior, but also positive, risk adjusted returns in light of any market environment. We would also like to emphasize that our quarterly returns should be judged with a long term perspective as most of our investment time horizons are 6-18 months in length.

One of the big topics this quarter has been on the discussion of risk and volatility. At 53rd Street Capital, we put a strong emphasis on margin of safety. We generally view risk differently than most market participants. Risk is typically viewed as volatility or beta. We do not equate risk with volatility or beta. Instead, we view risk as the potential downside of the investment relative to the upside potential. The market may view a stock that has sharply decreased relative to the market, as riskier at the lower price than it was at the higher price. In our view, volatility is a tool that enables us to acquire investments at more attractive levels and the lower price has less risk to the absolute downside, but has significantly more upside. 53rd Street Capital invests when its analysis suggests the potential return on an investment is substantially higher than the potential loss.

Let's take a real life example; Bombardier. The preferred shares we acquired were trading near par earlier this year. Although the investment characteristics of Bombardier haven't changed much from when it was trading near par, the margin of safety has significantly improved. Near par, the upside to the preferred shares was simply the dividend yield (plus marginal upside to par value), while the downside was the preferred shares trading down significantly. When we purchased the preferred shares at 38 cents on the dollar, not only does our upside include the dividend yield (~15% at the time vs 6.25% at par), but it also included the potential for the preferred to trade closer to par (+163% to par). At 38 cents, the shares already traded down 62 cents, leaving little room for additional downside. While the market might view such drastic moves or volatility as evidence of risk, we prefer to view it as an opportunity to acquire attractive investments at attractive prices.

The investment team continues to be enthusiastic about the outlook of our current portfolio heading into the final quarter of the year.

Please feel free to reach out to us with any questions at info@53rdstreetcapital.com.

Sincerely,

53rd Street Capital, LLC

Disclosure: I am/we are long BBD.PR.C:CA, BDBD, BHI, ESSX, M, PYPL, RENN, YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: 53rd Street Capital is a registered investment adviser offering a event driven investment strategy through fully transparent separately managed accounts. The firm seeks to employ a flexible, opportunistic investment style and aims to identify situations with a recognizable catalyst which is anticipated to unlock value. The firm aims to achieve superior risk adjusted returns with an emphasis on high margin of safety and portfolio concentration. The investment process involves intense, fundamental, bottom-up industry and company research. 53rd Street Capital's partners have a unique investment perspective and invest the majority of their discretionary assets alongside clients.

Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Yahoo Leaps Into The Aabaco Spin-off Backed By Skadden's Opinion Aabaco is CEO Mayer s biggest test since she stepped into office.

Yahoo clears the way for a tax-free spin-off.

Sophisticated investors could use this event for nice gains.

After years of anticipation, Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is finally spinning off its huge Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) stake into a newly-formed company named Aabaco. Yahoo initially announced the Aabaco spin-off back in July when it filed an N2 document with the SEC describing the spin-off mechanism, Aabaco's business focus, and taxation elements. For Yahoo s CEO, Marissa Mayer, the Aabaco spin-off is the most important move she has made since stepping into office in 2012, after she succeeded to revive Yahoo and return it to the frontline of internet companies. Yahoo holds significant equity stake in Alibaba, Yahoo Japan, and Hortonworks (NASDAQ:HDP), and as the value of its investments has grown over the last few years, its core business value has declined and Yahoo was at risk of being categorized as an investment firm, which would have required the company to make many changes to its operations.

The Spinoff

Yahoo spin-off of its Alibaba stake will enable Yahoo to cash in on its enormous $30B investment in the Chinese giant and remove the risk of being categorized as an investment firm. From Yahoo s stockholders' point of view, much of Yahoo s value was in their Alibaba s equities; therefore, splitting Yahoo s share in Alibaba will allow Yahoo s stockholders to separate their Yahoo value from their Alibaba value. However, spinning-off an equity stake into a newly formed public company is more complicated than a simple spin-off. In order for this move to be categorized as a tax-free spin-off, Yahoo needed to move some of its operations to the new company. Yahoo s small business services unit was chosen, and it will become a division within Aabaco.

Even though Aabaco will contain a tech operating division, its main goal and business is to hold, invest, and trade in Alibaba s shares, which were worth more than 95% of Aabaco s assets on the balance sheet. De facto Yahoo will create a special purpose enterprise ( SPE ) whose sole purpose will be to invest in Alibaba shares. As the majority of the new SPE will evolve around investing in Alibaba, concerns were raised that yahoo spin-off will not meet the IRS's strict requirements for a tax-free spin-off. To clear these concerns, Yahoo asked the IRS for a preliminary ruling that notes that the Aabaco spin-off meets the tax-free requirements.

No Pre-Ruling

Concerns about the tax-free status of the spin-off grew even larger when the IRS refused to provide any pre-ruling in this matter. However, an IRS official commented on this decision, saying:  IRS decision isn't a description of future guidance, and that nothing in [the] notice affects an immediate retroactive date." This comment placated investors a bit, as it means that the IRS' refusal to provide pre-ruling doesn t mean it meets or doesn t meet the tax-free requirements.

As I mentioned above, this is CEO Mayer's biggest move (and test) so far, and she cannot afford not to complete this transaction for the stockholders  and the company s benefit. To resolve this, Yahoo announced that the company would proceed with the spin-off anyway and publish a tax opinion from leading Wall Street law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom concluding whether or not the spin-off would qualify for the tax-free requirements and whether or not the IRS could defend a different decision in court.

Bottomline

Common retail investors will probably want to stay away from this spin-off; however, more sophisticated investors could benefit from Yahoo s stock price appreciation until the spin-off (potential investors will buy Yahoo now to get Aabaco shares later), the merger arbitrage between Yahoo and Aabaco shortly after the spin-off, and an arbitrage trading between Aabaco shares to Alibaba s shares. A specific analysis of possible gains will be published once the spin-off dates and prices are released. Yahoo Is a 'Terrific Opportunity': Starboard's Smith Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

43:19 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-02-25
Facebook Inc (FB), Google Inc (GOOGL), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Top Tech Choices ... Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), being world famous tech companies, are not only well known for their successful businesses and the innovation they have brought to the world, but are also considered among the best choices for internships by college kids. A CNBC article has discussed the ratings each of these tech companies received from interns, based on a study by Glassdoor.

 Facebook has mastered getting the edge on the competition when it comes to hiring the next great talent. They know their product is nothing without great minds behind it,  Scott Dobroski, Associate Director of Communications for Glassdoor told CNBC.

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) has been rated as the number one company overall for internships with a company rating of 4.6. The social media giant is considered as the top choice of interns. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) has taken the top spot once again this year, making it second in a row, as it was also crowned last year s winner. This year, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) fell to third despite also earning a 4.6 rating, which was a drop from its second place finish last year, though it remains the second-ranked tech company, as Chevron moved past them into second.

Yahoo was ranked at number 14 overall last year but jumped to sixth on this year s list, which is great progress. Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), has said several times in the past few years that Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is reinventing itself, which also means that they are providing a better workplace and bringing young talent into the company that could help it to bring new, innovative and brilliant products and services into the market for its customers.

[ ] The internship program has become even better in the eyes of their own interns, it shows they are becoming a little more aware that to compete with the Google s and Facebook s of the world they need to get the best and the brightest tech minds right out of school,  Dobroski said.

Dobroski also said that the salaries for the interns at the tech companies on the list, ranges from $4,000 to $6,000 per month and are primarily for the software engineering positions. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) provide an excellent work place to professionals and especially for the young generation, these dream companies could be the ladder for guaranteed success in their careers and a promising future.

I Just Made 84% in 4 Days By Blindly Following This Hedge Fund

I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating a hedge fund s stock pick. I will tell you how I pulled such a huge return in such a short time but let me first explain in this FREE REPORT why following hedge funds  stock picks is one of the smartest things you can do as an investor. We launched our quarterly newsletter 2.5 years ago and not one subscriber has, since, said  I lost money by EXACTLY following your stock picks . The reason is simple. You can beat index funds by creating a DREAM TEAM of hedge fund managers and investing in only their best ideas. I just made 84% in 4 days by blindly imitating one of these best ideas. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details. Marissa Mayer is paying people mind-boggling salaries to stay at Yahoo Yahoo is a troubled company with a tumultuous history.

Annual revenues aren't growing and they haven't for years.

It's under siege from activist investor Jeff Smith of Starboard Ventures.

A couple of weeks ago it went through a "restructuring" that cost between 100 and 200 people their jobs.

Because of all this chaos, Yahoo can be a hard place to work.

CEO Marissa Mayer knows it, and she's done a lot to improve the company's culture over the past two and a half years.

You hear a lot about the free food and the new smartphones, but she has also added a lot of transparency to the company.

Still, those efforts are not enough to keep people from fleeing.

So Yahoo and Mayer tend to pay people a lot more money than they would probably make elsewhere.

For example, on Tuesday, a source close to a few Yahoo executives told us that a friend of his in the company's ad sales group makes a stunning $2.5 million a year.

Compensation for digital ad sales executives is "all over the place," says this source, but $2.5 million is "astronomical."

His friend was making about $450,000 before Mayer arrived.

Our source says his friend likes the job at Yahoo just fine, thank you very much.





There are a few other examples of high pay at Yahoo.

The company has hired a lot of its mobile engineers through the acquisition of failed startups. When these people join, they get $1 million over three years. We hear that other employees sometimes get the acqui-hire package if they threaten to leave. One million dollars over three years is not an astronomical figure for engineering talent in the Valley, perhaps, but it's definitely on the high end of the market.

Jeff Bonforte, the senior vice president in charge of Yahoo's communication products, including Yahoo Mail, is rumored to make something like $5 million a year.

It is public record that former Yahoo COO Henrique de Castro made more than $100 million for his 14 months of work at the company in 2013 and 2014.

De Castro's pay package was so rich, in fact, that when Mayer presented it to the board, several directors wondered how he could possibly be worth the money. Mayer convinced them he knew the world of ad sales so well that he would more than make up for his massive pay with huge revenue returns.

Overpaying employees is not something Mayer brought to Yahoo. It's a tradition at the place. The problem is, all the overpaying leads to calls for cost cutting, which leans to turmoil, which leads to poor morale, which makes it so that Yahoo has to overpay its people for them to stay.

It's not clear Mayer or Yahoo have any option but to pay employees out the wazoo. Kids out of Stanford with CS are making more than six figures to join companies like Google and Facebook. Poaching a talented Google developer costs millions of dollars. The competition for talent in Silicon Valley is insane, right now. 9th Circ. To Rehear Rape Victim's Suit Against Model Mayhem PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Apache HBase 1.0 launched after 7 years of development After almost seven years of careful development and nurturing, the Apache Software Foundation has finally signed off on the first stable release of HBase 1.0, which is often more simply referred to as the Hadoop Database.

The release of HBase 1.0, which has been built to work with various different flavors of Hadoop, was described as a  major milestone  by Michael Stack, vice president of ASF HBase. Stack paid tribute to the army of volunteers who contributed to HBase 1.0 s code, saying they had helped to create  a thing of collaborative beauty that also happens to power key, large-scale internet platforms .

HBase 1.0 is designed to run atop of Apache Hadoop and the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) in order to provide random, real-time read/write access to Big Data that s stored on clusters of commodity hardware. Despite the fact version 1.0 has only just been released, the database is already used by some of the Web s largest companies, including Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., and Yahoo! Inc., to name just a few.

Yahoo!, which is credited with nurturing the original Hadoop project, claims some of the world s largest HBase clusters running on over 3,000 servers.

 HBase is an integral part of our technology stack powering numerous critical offstage processing use cases across our business in online advertising, search, communication, content personalization and targeting, and social, mobile and emerging products,  said Francis Liu, Development Lead for Apache HBase at Yahoo.

Liu added that Yahoo! would now scale individual HBase clusters to millions of regions using the stable version 1.0

New features in the release include the usual performance improvements, the ability to re-load subset server configs without taking the server offline, read availability using timeline consistent region replicas for new availability guarantees, and revamped documentation. Is Alibaba Headed Back to the IPO Price or Lower as Lock-Up Expirations Near? In what was the biggest and most highly anticipated initial public offering since Facebook went public, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (NYSE: BABA) was Wall Street s shining piece of business last September. After claiming the record for the largest U.S. listed initial public offering (IPO), the underwriters, which were a who s who of the top banks on Wall Street, exercised an option to buy additional shares, which boosted the total of the deal to a gigantic $25 billion, making it the biggest IPO in world history.

Priced at $68 on September 19 and massively oversubscribed, shares rocketed out of the gate the first day of trading, finally closing at $93.89, after trading as high as $99.70. Exuberant shareholders such as Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), which sold a gigantic block of shares and has a new tracking stock coming down the pipe, cheered the stock s 38% first day gain. From there things went downhill, and by October 15, the stock closed at $85.60. With the market in a steep sell-off, things looked dicey.

The stock recovered, and bounced back big-time. After releasing a first earnings report on November 4 that boasted 54% sales growth, the stock that had already rallied off the lows took off, eventually hitting an intraday high of $120 on November 13. All looked golden for the company and shareholders, but since then the stock has been in a death spiral, consistently printing lower highs and lower lows.

ALSO READ: The Most Dominant Stocks in 2015 Taking Nasdaq to 5,000 and Beyond

A second earnings report in early February was far less exuberant, and we wondered at that time if Jack Ma and his executive team had perhaps misled Wall Street on the company s growth rates. After gapping down big late in January, the stock took an additional downturn after the earnings release, which was far less than Wall Street anticipated.

In data taken from the IPO prospectus, there is every reason for current shareholders to expect a ton of additional selling, and some of that selling is right around the corner. Some 8.1 million shares came out of the shareholder lock-up on December 19, but that is a drop in the bucket compared to what is coming up.

On March 19, an additional 429 million ordinary shares will be available for sale in the public market, which is more than the 320 million shares the company sold in the IPO and about 17% of the shares outstanding. That is easily trumped by a massive 1.58 billion shares that will available for sale in the public market on September 21, which represents 64% of the shares outstanding.

The only good news that investors can take from lock-ups of this size is that it is very rare for the bulk of those shares to be sold immediately or in a short time. That being said, the real free float of shares can grow   and grow handily   in the days, weeks, months and years thereafter.

Another discouraging piece of data for shareholders is many of the institutional firms, which included both mutual funds and hedge funds that loaded up on the stock on the deal, are unloading it. Among the institutional investors that have dissolved their stakes were Leon Cooperman s Omega Advisors, David Tepper s Appaloosa Management and Barry Rosenstein s Jana Partners, according to U.S. regulatory filings. Three of Wall Street biggest players.

ALSO READ: 5 Well-Known Technology Buyout Candidates

How low can Alibaba go? Clearly there is a theoretical floor in the current mid-$80s, as that was the low that held when buyers came in during October. Again, that is a theoretical floor. Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) defied its own floor after the IPO before recovering handily and then ultimately surging. If Alibaba s stock breaks through this level on volume, those protecting the gains from the IPO deal pricing may start to sell, and sell big, especially with the huge flood of shares coming via lockup expirations.

The bottom line is, at the right price, Alibaba probably is a tremendous long-term stock to have in an aggressive growth portfolio. The question is, and it is certainly one that will be answered at some point, what is that price? Pompeian(R), Inc. Introduces Three New Cooking Sprays BALTIMORE, MD--(Marketwired - Feb 25, 2015) - Pompeian, Inc. is excited to announce Pompeian Cooking Sprays -- the newest addition to its ever-growing family of innovative products, including oils, vinegars and cooking wines. The new line of cooking sprays offers a variety of flavor notes and smoke points, without using propellants, perfect for a variety of cooking needs.

Comprised of four total sprays, the Pompeian Cooking Sprays line is eco-friendly and non-stick with well-balanced flavor profiles, ranging from nutty to sweet. With varying smoke points, there is a Pompeian Cooking Spray to fulfill every cooking need, from salad dressing to baking or frying. The entire line includes four varieties:

New Avocado Oil Spray: this spray offers similar health benefits to olive oil with a mild nutty flavor profile that helps enhance food flavors, excellent for roasting, stir fry, baking, searing, BBQ or broiling

New Coconut Oil Spray: Subtle notes of coconut make Pompeian Coconut Oil Spray ideal for enhancing the flavors in your favorite seafood or baked goods dishes

New OlivExtra   Original Spray: a healthy substitute for corn or vegetable oil, this spray is a combination of the best robust extra virgin olive oil and milder tasting canola, making it optimal for everyday cooking

Original Spray: a healthy substitute for corn or vegetable oil, this spray is a combination of the best robust extra virgin olive oil and milder tasting canola, making it optimal for everyday cooking Grapeseed Oil Spray: Made from grapeseeds 100% imported from France, Pompeian Grapeseed Oil Spray has a delicate taste and similar health benefits to olive oil, but with a higher smoke point, perfect for high heat cooking like frying, saut ing, stir-frying, and grilling





The Pompeian Cooking Spray bottles are unique because they utilize a new technology that completely eliminates the need for propellants to dispense the oil. A valve is inserted into the pouch, attached to the bottle and compressed air is added. The oil is pressure-filled through the valve into the pouch, and the actuator and cap are fitted to the bottle. Upon pressing the nozzle, the air pressure causes the oil to be dispensed.

"At Pompeian, we strive to create high quality, innovative products for our customers," said David Bensadoun, Chief Executive Officer. "We are excited to introduce three new propellant-free Pompeian Cooking Sprays to the Pompeian family as they enable convenience and variety. Customers can easily enhance a dish with flavor options like the mild nutty flavor of the Avocado Oil Spray, or pick the spray with the most appropriate smoke point based upon the demands of a recipe."

Pompeian Cooking Sprays retail for $5.99. For more information about the new Pompeian Cooking Sprays Collection, including where to buy, and Pompeian's full product line, visit www.pompeian.com. And follow Pompeian on Facebook and Twitter.

About Pompeian, Inc.

Baltimore based since 1906, Pompeian, Inc. is America's largest national brand of olive oil, best-selling wine vinegars and a variety of cooking wines. In addition, Pompeian is the first brand to carry the USDA Quality Monitored seal on its extra virgin olive oil.

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2772493

 Stocks Mixed on Crude Schizophrenia Equities largely skidded sideways on Wednesday as traders apparently succumbed to the soothing, monotone voice of Federal Reserve chairman Janet Yellen, who said many words but didn t express anything new in her final day of regular testimony to Congress. It s enough to make you sleepy.

In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Russell 2000 gained 0.1%., the S&P 500 lost 0.1% and the Nasdaq Composite lost a fraction.

Mergers and acquisitions and corporate action resulted in some excitement in select stocks, with Aruba Networks (NASDAQ:ARUN) surging 21% on reports it s in talks to be acquired by Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ), which fell nearly 10% after issuing disappointing guidance.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) gained 2.4% on reports it s preparing to spin off its Yahoo Japan stake   anything to distract investor from tepid growth in its core business, now that the Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) situation is behind it, I guess.

And the never-say-die action in Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) died as the stock dropped 2.6% for its worst drop since late January, after China dropped the company from the list of suppliers for state purchases.

Instead, the action was over in commodities as crude oil surged despite another big build in crude oil inventories with West Texas Intermediate adding 3.7% to close just shy of $51 a barrel and move back over its 50-day moving average. The Department of Energy reported that crude stockpiles rose 8.4 million barrels (versus the 7.7 million build last week) to new record highs. With onshore storage rapidly filling up, offshore storage is coming into play.

Moreover, a recent influx of crude into China (ostensibly for storage) has recently slowed, suggesting that inventory growth could further accelerate from here with the ongoing oil refinery labor strike still in play.

Yet prices bounded higher after early session weakness. Why? Some of this looks like mechanical, computer trading shenanigans as, for the second week in a row, prices moved higher on a big inventory build as the official Energy Department report was less huge than the private API estimate on inventories the night before.

Last week, the bounce was short-lived as folks realized bigger inventories means bigger inventories.

Another dynamic that s been in play has been enthusiasm over sizeable cuts in U.S. drilling rig counts; but that s fading now as production continues to rise. More production means more supply, which means lower prices are needed to encourage U.S. shale producers to turn down the taps.

Instead, the rise seems to be connected to an offhand comment from Saudi Arabia s oil minister that global energy demand seems to be picking up and that the market has stabilized. The data though January doesn t support that observation, however.

In response, I continue to look for a new bout of weakness for energy going forward, with the Proshares UltraShort Crude Oil (NYSEARCA:SCO) up nearly 9% for Edge subscribers since Feb. 18.

Precious metals perked up a little as the U.S. dollar looks vulnerable to a consolidation of its near 20% rise from last summer. Any delay in Yellen s rate hike schedule could seem profit-taking, which would boost gold and silver. Keep this on your radar.

Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters.

More From InvestorPlace Klipfolio Raises $6.2 Million, Proves It's Never Too Late To Act Like A Startup Klipfolio, a company that's focused on disrupting the cloud dashboard market, waited 13 years to raise $1.7 million. After fulfilling its goals for 2014, the company decided to continue behaving like a startup.

"We raised the seed round last February," Allan Wille, co-founder, president and CEO of Klipfolio, told Benzinga. "And that was sort of the early days when we were testing the initial product pitch. We were investing in infrastructure. We were investing in automation. We were basically coiling up, ready to explode out of the block, and that's what happened last year."

Wille said that Klipfolio used the previous investment to propel its growth.

"We had a great year," he said. "We more than doubled our user base. We went from 1,100 to 2,500 paying customers by the end of the year. We also tripled our monthly subscription revenue. This was all part of the plan. It was a 12-month plan where, let's take the seed round funds, let's prep (make sure we're ready for scale), then go to market again."

Related Link: Michigan Startup Raises $10 Million To Revolutionize A Multi-Billion-Dollar Industry

The stars -- and more importantly, several key metrics -- were aligned for Klipfolio. This inspired the company to keep going and raise $6.2 million in a Series A. Led by OMERS Ventures, the round includes BDC Capital, Mistral Venture Partners, Fundfire, BOLDstart Ventures, Acadia Woods and CommonAngels Ventures.

Klipfolio hopes that the latest investment will allow it to continue accelerating through the next 18 to 24 months.

"Again, just with the initial funding during the seed round, the idea here is to follow the numbers again," said Wille. "If this takes us to profitability or if this takes us to the next round after that, that will be depending on what our metrics are telling us."

Massive Growth

Wille said that Klipfolio is preparing for "really aggressive growth."

"We want to continue that same growth rate," he said. "We want to hit 5,000 paying customers by the end of the year. We also want to continue to triple our monthly subscription revenue. We want to continue on that 3X growth pattern. We actually want to continue that right through the end of 2016. We want to further take that and go out to 15,000 customers by the end of 2016. We want to continue to triple our MRR (monthly recurring revenue) by the end of 2016 as well."

Klipfolio has already attracted a number of prominent clients, including Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ: ADBE), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), LinkedIn Corp (NASDAQ: LNKD), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), BMW and IKEA. Benzinga is also a client.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Adobe Allan Wille BMW IKEASuccess Stories Startups Small Business Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Larry Sanders explains his exit from the NBA: 'Right now [...] it's not there ... For about two months, we've been wondering what's going on with Larry Sanders, the gifted and mercurial shot-blocking big man who parted company with the Milwaukee Bucks around Christmas amid conflicting reports about his desire to continue playing professional basketball before receiving a 10-game suspension for a fourth violation of the league's anti-drug policy relating to marijuana use. Just before the All-Star break, the former Virginia Commonwealth standout suggested that answers were forthcoming:

Soon you all will know the truth.   Nappy Gilmore   (@LarrySanders) February 10, 2015

On Wednesday, one week after Sanders and the Bucks agreed to terms on a buyout of the four-year, $44 million contract extension he signed in August 2013, the 26-year-old offered his side of the story surrounding his departure in a first-person piece and video published by The Players' Tribune:

In the piece, Sanders confirms that he's not planning an immediate return to the NBA: "I love basketball, and if I get to a point where I feel I m capable of playing basketball again, I will." He also clarifies the reason for his separation from the Bucks:

Well, I know I disappeared for a while, and people were wondering where I was. I actually entered into Rogers Memorial Hospital, and it was a program for anxiety, depression and mood disorders. It taught me a lot about myself. It taught me a lot about what's important and where I would want to devote my time and energy.

I think I love basketball. I'll always be playing basketball. But for it to be consuming so much of my life and time right now, that's   it's not there for me. It's not that worth it. [...]

I wish I could have said goodbye formally to the Bucks at the arena, at the Bradley Center. I want them to know that it was never about them. It was never about the fans or how they treated me, because that was awesome. These decisions are for my family.

Sanders also addressed his unapologetic use of marijuana, which has led to multiple run-ins with the league office:

Cannabis came later on in my life. It was, for me, used medically, for some of the symptoms that I was having due to a lot of stress and the pressure I was under, given my work. [...]

You come into the league, you get dropped this large amount of money out of nowhere. People automatically change around you. That just happens. You become an ATM to some people. You have to be correct in your statements. You have to state things a certain way. You give up your freedom of speech, for real. You really can't say how you feel. There's no one really, you know, trying to guide, teach you what you should do and shouldn't do.

Sanders understands that many people might hear his comments and respond with, essentially, "That's what the money is for." The stresses, pressures and responsibilities associated with being a high-profile athlete seem to be part and parcel of his chosen profession   an at-times unpleasant part, to be sure, but one for which he was being compensated to the tune of $11 million a year by a Bucks franchise that invested in him with the expectation that he'd be the centerpiece of their defensive foundation.

"I think this seems to be a desirable, lucrative job and position, so people say, 'How could you be unhappy there? How could that be a place you don't want to be?'" Sanders said. "Values and the relationships with the people I love   that's, like, my real riches. That's my lasting wealth. [...] Happiness is an internal thing."

And, in Sanders' case, pursuing that happiness and those relationships means walking away from tens of millions of dollars   the terms of his Bucks buyout stipulate that he'll receive roughly half of the remaining value of his extension, according to Yahoo Sports NBA columnist Adrian Wojnarowski   in a decision that, ultimately, only really needs to make sense to him.

People really like labels. You get to identify something with something else that you may think. It makes sense to you. You may rationalize it. I just ... don't neglect the "and," you know? Don't neglect the "and." That's what I'll say. You say I'm selfish. And I'm loving. And I'm caring. And I'm fearful sometimes, and I'm also brave. We all are more than just one thing. [...]

I'm a person. I'm a father. I'm an artist, I'm a writer, I'm a painter, I'm a musician. And sometimes I play basketball.

Read More 
2015-04-29
How Much Is Yahoo Really Worth? Yahoo has multiple assets that are currently worth more than the market is willing to pay for the stock.

Ever since the Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) IPO, I have heard talk that Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is severely undervalued. These conversations haven't been whispers either. They have been shouts that have echoed through the market. However, the stock appears to have run out of steam as of late despite backing from the analyst community. Now, after hearing the phrase "Yahoo is grossly undervalued" for the thousand-and-somethingth time, I finally decided to try to identify just how much the parts are worth on my own and see if there was still more upside in this somewhat tired name.

When valuing Yahoo on a sum-of-the-parts analysis, it is easiest to break the company into three parts:

Yahoo's remaining 384 million shares of Alibaba, currently valued at $32 BB. Yahoo's 35.5% equity interest in Yahoo Japan, worth approximately $8.52 BB. Yahoo's core business, which after accounting for the company's net cash position is being valued at less than zero.

Alibaba

Yahoo's remaining 384 MM share stake in Alibaba is the first thing that comes to investors' minds when they look at the company's value unlocking potential. And it should be, after all the stake is currently worth $32 BB, and represents over 75% of Yahoo's total market cap.

On January 27th, Yahoo announced plans to realize the value in the stake through a tax-free spin-off sometime in the fourth quarter. Even though there will be one legacy business tied up in the newly formed SpinCo, it is assumed that the new company will act as a tracking stock. For that reason, it is only prudent that we at least familiarize ourselves with Alibaba's valuation.

Currently, Alibaba trades at 38.7x this year's earnings estimates and 30.3x 2016 estimates. These multiples may seem expensive at first glance, but when comparing them to the company's anticipated 28% growth rate, they don't seem so stretched. In fact, I believe in the right market, investors would be willing to pay up to 40x 2016 numbers or $112 per share for the stock. This was evidenced by the stock's earlier post IPO push to $120. On the other hand, the stock also could trade down on a bad tape. In this case, given the superior growth, BABA should see buyers support the stock around the company's growth rate. Being cautionary, let's say they arrive a tad late, at 25x 2016 numbers.

In my bullish case, the BABA stake could be worth up to $45.37 per share. Meanwhile, the bearish valuation presents only $28.35 in value and the base case, as you can imagine, splits the difference at $34.39 per share.

Yahoo Japan

The Yahoo Japan stake is a bit harder to value because it trades on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, meaning it trades in yen. This implies a bit of currency risk for Yahoo. Currently, this stake is worth just over $8.52 BB or about $9 per share. However, this same stake (at Yahoo Japan's current stock price) would have been worth considerably more a year ago, about $9.95 BB. The declining value is due in large part to the depreciation of the yen relative to the US dollar. Therefore, the value of this stake presents a significant amount of currency risk, especially at a time when a US rate hike appears to be just around the corner. If the dollar continues to strengthen, the value of Yahoo Japan in USD would likely proceed to drift lower.

Along with the implied volatility of forex markets, Yahoo's partner on the venture, SOFTBANK (OTCPK:SFTBY), is reportedly uninterested in upping their already sizeable stake. Given the size of the investment, it may be a tough sell to any individual company. For this reason, I believe realizing the full $8.52 BB value of Yahoo Japan is not as feasible as many think. Additionally, any sale of this business will most likely see some sort of taxation, unless Marissa Mayer can work another tax-free miracle comparable to what she appears to be pulling off with the BABA SpinCo.

With that said, it's hard to image that Mayer will be able to realize the full current value of the company's Yahoo Japan stake. For this reason, I think a discount has to be applied to account for risks discussed above. Assuming a 25% discount, which is more than fair in my opinion, the stake is worth about $6.4 BB, or $6.74 per share.

The Core Business

It's no secret that Yahoo's core business is no longer accelerating, with portions of the business evidently declining, most notably in legacy businesses. This can be seen in almost all areas of PC advertising, as premium ads declined 40% year-over-year in contribution to an overall quarter-over-quarter PC advertising revenue decline of $100 MM in the first quarter. However, these declines have been somewhat offset by growth in MVNS (Mobile, Video, Native and Social). Mobile revenue was up 61%, while the MVNS segment as a whole grew 58% to a record $363 MM. The hope is that this segment will continue to offset any continued declines in the PC space as it has thus far. Overall, revenue continued to increase the latest quarter, advancing 8%. Meanwhile ex-TAC revenue declined 3% due in large part to some one-time items.

The core business also has some interesting digital content that's capable of producing steady annual cash flows. With 13 new digital magazines, a 16-year-old fantasy sports franchise and social media site Tumblr, Yahoo anticipates second-quarter adjusted EBITDA to total between $240 MM and $260 MM. Using the midpoint of this range, Yahoo should produce first-half EBITDA of $481 MM. Assuming the company can repeat this performance in the second half of the year, the full-year number should come close to $1 BB.

Tech companies typically trade at some sort of multiple to their EBITDA (albeit they can be vastly different). This can be seen by looking at two other internet names. The first, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), has been managed superbly and is considered by many to be the premier player in the space. Therefore, its EBITDA demands a multiple that's higher than its peers, currently 17x. On the opposite end of the spectrum there is AOL (NYSE:AOL), which has been unable to keep up with much of the shifts that have taken place in the industry. Because of this, it trades at a more depressed multiple of 7.5x EBITDA. With that in mind, I think it would be fair to value Yahoo's business using at least the same multiple as that of AOL. At 7.5x EBITDA, Yahoo's core business would be worth $7.5 BB, or $7.91 per share.

Another thing to keep in mind is that Tumblr alone cost $1.1 BB a few years back. Add to that the company's other acquisitions under Mayer, and the M&A activity alone totals $2.1 BB. This should put somewhat of a floor on what investors are willing to pay for the core business. However, one could argue that they overpaid for some of these businesses.

Net Cash Position

In addition to the three parts that currently comprise Yahoo, the company also has a cash buffer. Looking at the balance sheet, there's $6.9 BB in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. All of this could easily be converted into cash. Turning to liabilities, Yahoo owes $1.3 BB in convertible and other debt. Backing out the debt, the company's net cash position comes to $5.6 BB, or $5.91 per share.

What's It All Worth?

Summing up the parts of Yahoo is fairly easy at their current market prices. The Alibaba stake is worth $32.6 BB. Then add to that the Yahoo Japan stake (valued at $8.52 BB) and the company's net cash position ($5.6 BB). The sum of these three assets total $46.72 BB. When compared to the company's current market cap, this implies that Yahoo's core business is worth negative $4.686 BB.

However, it is impossible to value a company with positive cash flows at below zero. Therefore the discrepancy between the real value of Yahoo's parts and that implied by the current market price of the stock may be even larger. On the other hand, there's a risk that Yahoo cannot realize all of the value of its Yahoo Japan stake or shares of Alibaba may trade lower. Accounting for these fluctuations, I composed the chart that's presented below. It summarizes what I believe Yahoo would be worth in three different states of the world.

Given my analysis, I believe that there is substantial value in Yahoo that will be realized in the coming 12 months. I also believe the risk-reward sets up nicely at the stock's current price. With that said, I recommend starting a position in Yahoo immediately and using any future dip below $41 to accumulate more shares.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in YHOO over the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Naomi Campbell Is Getting Her Own Yahoo Talk Show, 'I Am Naomi' Watching Naomi Campbell work the runway is thrilling. Obviously. But we got a glimpse of the supermodel's acting talents when she starred on Fox's hit series "Empire." And to our delight, Campbell will be back on the small screen thanks to a new web series deal with Yahoo.

The multimedia website announced the news on Monday during a press conference in New York City. The show, which will be a combination of a reality show and talk show, is entitled "I Am Naomi" and will live on the Yahoo Style section that is helmed by Joe Zee. Yahoo does not yet have a timeline for launch, Fashionista.com reports.

Joe Zee and Naomi Campbell at the 2015 Yahoo Digital Content NewFronts on April 27, 2015. (Robin Marchant/Getty Images for Yahoo!)

"I think there's something so unpredictable and ... spontaneous about her," Zee told Fashionista. "But my favorite part about Naomi is that a lot of people don't know how hysterical she is, full of bites. You've seen her on TV before and she's always so funny and really engaging."

A few years ago there were rumors that the London-born beauty would be getting her own talk show, but nothing materialized. However, this new venture seems like a done deal and we can't wait to see all of Campbell's fancy friends chop it up with her.

Werk!



 Amid riots, Nuggets' Will Barton hosts BBQ in Baltimore Will Barton (right) tried to give Baltimore residents a place to be. (Image via willthethrillb5 on Instagram)

Tuning into the news on Tuesday meant watching police hold back protesters. It meant images of National Guardsmen wearing head-to-toe protective gear and holding thick plastic shields as rocks and blocks of cement, thrown by protestors fed up with the conditions in inner-city Baltimore, sailed toward them.

A small portion of the city's residents were gaining the majority of the attention. These images told one story. Walking around the city, and following on Twitter, told another.

New York Knicks All-Star Carmelo Anthony, who grew up in Baltimore and has a long history with the city's police, expressed his support for the community and his shared frustration, while imploring protestors to remain peaceful.

Denver Nuggets guard Will Barton took it a step further. He came home to Baltimore and threw a party.

I need all the kids in Baltimore to meet me at Cloverdale basketball court. We're having food, drinks, and peaceful fun!!! #ILoveBaltimore   Will Barton (@WillTheThrillB5) April 28, 2015

Hey Baltimore- Meet me today at 3pm at Cloverdale on Druid Hill as we come together for conversation  https://t.co/6OfLJQ7X3Z   Will Barton (@WillTheThrillB5) April 28, 2015

Barton, 24, asked coaches to bring their teams. He gave neighborhood kids an opportunity to express their frustrations on the basketball court, in a non-violent way. He asked community leaders to start a conversation. He gave everyone somewhere to be, somewhere away from the violence erupting downtown, instead of asking them to just stay home.

Barton capitalized on the fame that comes with playing in the NBA, understanding that as a professional athlete, he could quickly spread the word about the party. More than 500 people showed up, ESPN's Kevin Van Valkenburg told Yahoo Sports in an email.

There were "loosely-defined pick-up games and dancers and young people and old people gathering, talking, hugging, laughing," he said.

Baltimore isn't broken, just hurting. Here @Cloverdale Courts, NBA guard Will Barton helped organize a BBQ. pic.twitter.com/H4GKGBonB6   Kevin Van Valkenburg (@KVanValkenburg) April 28, 2015

It doesn't take NBA fame to know that giving people a place to be, gathering somewhere is the first step towards healing. As Van Valkenburg explored the city   the parts not shown on most news channels   he found other stories like this. He felt safe.

Baltimore is a city of tight-knit neighborhoods. Many of them have been underserved for far too long, yet they are strong. They have coaches, teachers and mentors who do anything they can to keep the community together and to steer kids down a better path than they might otherwise follow. They recognize that sports, that getting together at a community basketball court, can often offer a way for people to put differences aside and come together. This is the real Baltimore.

At almost the exact moment that Barton gathered the community at the Cloverdale Courts, the Baltimore Orioles made a remarkably different announcement: that their Wednesday afternoon game against the Chicago White Sox would be closed to the public, a first for Major League Baseball, and that their three-game homestand against the Tampa Bay Rays would be moved to Florida.

League officials said the decision came down to the best use of city resources. Hosting the games would take police away from the riot zones. They had a point, but they also missed an opportunity.

They missed the message that Barton clearly understood: sports, and sports figures, have the power to bring a community together in a peaceful way. When healing is needed, sporting events can provide a way for a city to come together and begin the process. They're a neutral ground for those who follow the religion of sport.

In the case of Baltimore, Camden Yards is one of the few places where the residents of the inner-city neighborhoods and the wealthy suburbs actually find common ground. These communities are going to need to come together, to find common ground, if Baltimore is going to begin to heal.

Speaking in a pre-game press conference Wednesday, Orioles outfield Adam Jones added that gathering in a stadium can be just as important for players as it is for fans.

 I ve been in contact with some of the people on the front line, people who are marching,  he said.  This situation is not easy . I understand the situation that these kids face. It s not that long ago I was catching public transportation to the mall (like them). Baseball pushed me in a different direction.

Read More 
2015-08-19
How The IRS Holds The Keys To Yahoo's Stock Price With the IRS apparently still studying the details of a potential spin-off of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) s stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA), SunTrust analyst Bob Peck released a new report explaining the four possible scenarios that Yahoo shareholders are likely to see based on exactly how the IRS chooses to handle the situation. Peck sees value in Yahoo s stock regardless of the decision, but the outcome of the ruling could make a huge difference in where Yahoo s share price ultimately ends up.

PLR Mystery

Yahoo and its shareholders have been waiting for a Private Letter Ruling (PLR) from the IRS regarding Alibaba, but it is looking increasingly likely that they will not receive this ruling prior to the proposed Q4 2016 spin off date. Peck goes as far as to say that it is  unclear if the IRS will even be able to issue the PLR until 2H 16. 

Related Link: Is Yahoo The Ultimate 'Buy The Dip' Bet?

Four Scenarios

With the timing and content of the PLR a mystery, Peck breaks down Yahoo s path forward into four different scenarios:

1. The IRS comes through with a PLR granting a tax-free spin-off, which proceeds as planned. This is the best-case scenario, and Peck believes that Alibaba would generate $29 per share of value for Yahoo shareholders, yielding a total value of $48 per share for Yahoo.

2. The IRS does not issue a PLR and Yahoo carries on under its current structure. In this scenario, Peck assigns only $23/share in value to the Alibaba stake and an overall value of $42/share for Yahoo.

3. Scenario three is the same as scenario two (no PLR/same structure), except that Yahoo decides to increase its leverage under the current structure to 3x and buy back shares, reducing its shares outstanding by more than 10 percent. Peck believes that this scenario would generate an overall value of $45/share for Yahoo.

4. Finally, the worst-case scenario is that the IRS does not issue a PLR and Yahoo decides to go ahead and sell its Alibaba stake at a 40 percent capital gains tax rate. If the company takes this route, Peck sees Yahoo shareholders left with only $36/share in overall value.

 Per our scenario analysis, we think the market has already baked in the worst case scenario where the BABA stake is taxed at 40%,  Peck explained. SunTrust is not so pessimistic. The firm currently has a Buy rating on Yahoo and a $50 target for the stock.

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Bob Peck IRS SunTrustAnalyst Color Price Target Legal Top Stories Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Technology Beat: Analysts Weigh In On Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) And Oracle ... There is a lot of buzz surrounding technology giants Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) on Wall Street today. Here are the latest analyst insights.

Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo! Inc. has been reaping the benefits from Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) ever since Alibaba released a record-breaking IPO in September 2014. Yahoo announced plans earlier this year to spin off its stake in Alibaba into an independent investment company called SpinCo by Q4 2015.

At first, analysts hoped this move would allow Yahoo to focus on growing its core business while giving value back to shareholders. However, it seems that Alibaba has been more of a burden than an asset to Yahoo ever since the IRS announced that it is considering taxing spin offs beginning in May. Additionally, the Chinese economy began plummeting towards the end of June, resulting in huge hit to Alibaba s valuation.

Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef Squali lowered his price target on Alibaba from $110 to $95 after the company missed second quarter earnings expectations earlier this month. Squali proceeded to lower his price target on Yahoo from $62 to $56 today to reflect his adjustment on Alibaba s price target, though he reiterated a Buy rating on the stock.

The analyst believes  that the implied tax rate for the spin-off shares is likely excessive (management is targeting tax-free status), and BABA s fair value likely to be well in excess of its current $75/share. 

Squali notes,  To match today s YHOO share price, BABA s spin off needs to be taxed at 38% (consistent with the first tranche sold in 2012), and no further upside in BABA s share price would be expected (currently trading at ~$75/sh vs. our $95 PT). We believe this is a very bearish scenario, offering a meaningful margin of safety for patient investors. 

On average, Youssef Squali has a 61% success rate recommending stocks and a +19.4% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark.

Out of 24 analysts polled by TipRanks within the past 3 months, 19 analysts are bullish on Yahoo and 5 are neutral. The average 12-month price target for Yahoo is $53.47, marking a 49.82% potential upside from where the stock last closed. On average, the all-analyst consensus for Yahoo is Moderate Buy.

Oracle Corporation

Oracle Corporation has been trying to expand its cloud computing efforts in order to offset declining sales in software licenses.

The company posted its fourth quarter earnings results back in June and missed estimates on both the top and bottom line. Many have been cutting the company some slack with the belief that its cloud transition is still in early stages.

One analyst is not so bullish, however. Citigroup s Walter Pritchard weighed in on Oracle today, maintaining a Neutral rating on the stock with a $42 price target. The analyst noted,  After lackluster 4Q15 results, we take a more detailed pass at some of the controversies around ORCL s numbers. We have mixed conclusions and therefore aren t able to get incremental conviction the current spate of investor concerns will be resolved soon. 

While Pritchard acknowledges that Oracle offers enticing incentives and discounts, it is unclear if they have made an impact on the license-cloud transition. Additionally, the analyst sees SaaS/PaaS declining further and will only stabilize by the end of 2016. Pritchard noted,  Street revenue estimates for SaaS / PaaS looks conservative for FY16 given FY15 reported new ARR and guidance for FY16. 

On a positive note, Pritchard comments,  While shares have underperformed, we note that numbers have come down while stock has retained P/E at high-end of trading history. 

On average, Walter Pritchard has a 67% success rate recommending stocks and a +13.7% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark.

Out of 18 analysts polled by TipRanks, 10 analysts are bullish on Oracle and 8 are neutral. The average 12-month price target for Oracle is $46.47, marking a 16.67% potential upside from where the stock last closed. On average, the all-analyst consensus for Oracle is Moderate Buy. Yahoo Small Business To Be Spun Off To Luminate From Aabaco Yahoo Small Business To Be Spun Off To Luminate From Aabaco

Yahoo has sent out an email to customers of their Yahoo Small Business service that the Yahoo Small Business program will be spun off at Yahoo and owned by a new company in the future.

Yahoo said:

After months of planning we're excited to announce our new name, Luminate, and our new company, Aabaco Small Business, LLC. Aabaco Small Business, LLC is currently owned by Yahoo! Inc. but will become owned by Aabaco Holdings, Inc. ( Aabaco ) when Aabaco is spun off from Yahoo to its shareholders. Following the spin-off, Aabaco will be a separate company that will operate independently of Yahoo.

Yahoo will no longer be running the program but Aabaco promises a "smooth and seamless transition."

If you visit luminate.com you will see this message:

Here is the email sent to customers about this, via @NortheasternExt:

Forum discussion at Twitter. Former Yahoo employee settles with company over spilling secrets for book on ...  Impact Team Exposes Cheaters, Ashley Madison Hits Back The moment we've all been waiting for arrived yesterday when a group of hackers known as the "Impact Team" finally released stolen user data for the adultery website AshleyMadison.com. The dump was triggered by Avid Life Media's refusal to pull Ashley Madison -- which it owns -- from the Web, per Impact Team's demands In a statement, the hackers once again explained the rationale behind the cyberattack, saying, "the site is a scam with thousands of fake female profiles. See ashley madison fake profile lawsuit; 90-95% of actual users are male." Avid Life Media -- which may now need to scrap its IPO aspirations -- is currently reviewing the validity of the data.Moreover, the company offered a strongly worded response to Impact Team's efforts. "The criminal, or criminals, involved in this act have appointed themselves as the moral judge, juror, and executioner, seeing fit to impose a personal notion of virtue on all of society," Avid Life Media said. "We will not sit idly by and allow these thieves to force their personal ideology on citizens around the world."Elsewhere on the relationship app front, it appears thatplanned IPO of its Match group -- which includes Tinder, Match.com, and OkCupid -- still appears to be on track . This, despite a recent management shake-up . However, IACI option buyers have been picking up puts over calls at an annual-high clip, per the stock's 10-day put/call volume ratio of 13.20 on the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX).Elsewhere, notoriously hackedhas apparently bounced back just fine. Internet services provider, on the other hand, is reeling after a massive data breach . One stock not minding all the attention is cybersecurity firm, with the shares modestly higher. In fact, FEYE exec Ajay K. Sood weighed in on the Ashley Madison hack, saying "This isn't cyber terrorism. It's cyber vigilantism." 
2015-05-28
Google Inc. (GOOG)'s YouTube Is Valued Higher Than Yahoo (YHOO), eBay (EBAY ... An analyst at of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s says YouTube is valued at around $70 billion, which is more than the market cap of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) or Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). The video streaming site, boasts more than 1 billion active monthly users and was acquired by Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in 2006 for about $1.65 billion.

Merrill Lynch analyst Justin Post, in a note this week to clients, said that  YouTube is a big asset that warrants a big valuation. 

To put things in perspective, here are 3 of the better-known S&P 500 companies that currently carry lower valuations that YouTube:

Yahoo has a current market capitalization of $40.2 billion. For fiscal 2014, the company recorded $4.6 billion in revenue; about the same as YouTube made. The stock has risen 22 percent in the last 12 months, more than double the gains made in the S&P 500 index. But Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) was recently downgraded to  hold  from  buy  at Evercore Partners amidst growing concerns that its sizeable holdings in Alibaba might come under increased tax scrutiny.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY)

eBay has a net valuation of $71.4 billion. The e-commerce company reported revenue of $4.5 billion in the just concluded quarter. Shares have risen close to 15 percent over the last one year. eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) is likely to spin-off its PayPal unit later this year, which some analysts believe is worth $50 billion.

Netflix has a market cap of $37.3 billion; almost half of that of YouTube. The company has been steadily growing in the recent quarters, helped by more and more people switching from cable to video streaming. Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) have soared 56 percent in the last 12 months, with much of that appreciation occurring in the last 3 months.

YouTube Still Has Some Steam Left

Justin Post said that YouTube accounts for about 20 percent of Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s total market cap of $368 billion. The valuation was arrived at by using a 7-times-revenue multiple model. Furthermore, he expects growth to continue, with a possible valuation of as much as $90 billion. This year alone YouTube s revenue is expected to grow 34 percent to $8 billion, with that figure likely to reach $13 billion by the end of fiscal year 2017.

YouTube is the foremost video site in the world. Data from comScore showed that users spend more time on YouTube than they do on Twitter and Instagram. And this raging success has lured thousands of companies to use it as a very powerful marketing tool. And Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in return, gets access to copious amounts of user data, which it can use at its convenience. 
2015-12-05
Yahoo is stuck in a never ending drama vortex An activist hedge fund threatening a bitter battle, a high-profile CEO under fire, acquisition rumors, and nonstop media coverage.

Welcome to Yahoo in 2015.

Or 2012. Or 2009. Or 2007.

More than any other internet company, Yahoo stands out as a perennial hotbed of intrigue, dysfunction, and fascination.

Perhaps the fact that Yahoo is the oldest web company still in business has something to do with it. Founded 20 years ago by Jerry Yang and David Filo as a directory to help people navigate the then not so vast but very unfamiliar World Wide Web, Yahoo was a highflier during the first dot-com boom.

But it s been a long time since the company was viewed as an innovator or leader. Instead, Yahoo has been stuck in a turbulent and seemingly never ending quest to revitalize its revenue and to regain its cool factor among fickle web surfers. In the process, the company has damaged the reputations of a succession of CEOs, attracted a string of cut-throat activist hedge funds, and lost ever more ground to rivals such as Facebook and Google.

Here s a recap of the most dramatic moments in Yahoo s topsy-turvy history:

Jerry Yang vs. Microsoft: 2007-2008

After a string of poor results, Yahoo cofounder Jerry Yang took over as CEO in 2007, replacing Terry Semel, a former Warner Bros. executive who had presided over Yahoo s waning fortunes during the previous six years.

But Yang s comeback went off script fast. In January 2008, Microsoft made an unsolicited $44.6 billion cash-and-stock offer to buy the company. The offer represented a hefty premium from Yahoo s stock price at the time, and Microsoft sweetened the bid by an additional $5 billion.

But Yang said the price was too low and would not sell for anything less than an additional $5 billion, forcing Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to call off the deal talks.

Later that year, the housing bubble burst and the stock market crashed, setting off the deepest recession in the US since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Yahoo's stock crashed, and by the end of the year the company was worth less than half of what Microsoft had offered to pay. Speaking of the scrapped deal, Ballmer later said "Sometimes you're lucky."

Enter Carl Icahn: 2008-2009

The activist investor amassed a 4.3% stake in Yahoo and began a campaign to replace Yahoo s board of directors in the hopes of installing directors more amenable to striking a deal with Microsoft. In August 2008, Yahoo gave Icahn a seat on its board as well as the right to appoint two other board members.

Yahoo also tried to fend off the threat of a hostile Microsoft takeover by striking a search-advertising deal with Google, but the US Department of Justice said it would sue to block the deal, so Google backed out of the plan.

The Carol Bartz Show: 2009-2011

Yang s rejection of the Microsoft acquisition offer put him in the doghouse with Wall Street, and the cofounder clearly did not relish being in the spotlight and leading the company day-to-day, so he stepped aside and Yahoo brought in Carol Bartz.

Bartz, the former CEO of software company Autodesk, had a sterling reputation as a take-charge tech CEO, even though she had no experience leading an internet-media company. Known for dropping f-bombs, Bartz promised that any partnership with Microsoft would require "boatloads of money."

Then she struck a 10-year search partnership that left many people thinking that Bartz got the short end of the stick.

Yahoo s revenue continued to sputter under Bartz. But the bigger problem was Bartz  increasingly strained relationship with Jack Ma, the head of Alibaba, the Chinese ecommerce giant in which Yahoo owned a significant stake.

In September 2011, Bartz was fired over the phone and replaced by CFO Tim Morse on an interim basis. Private equity firms started to circle around Yahoo looking for deals to acquire minority stakes in the company.

Scott Thompson and resume-gate: January 2012-May 2012

In perhaps the most bizarre episode in the Yahoo saga, former PayPal President Scott Thompson rolled his sleeves up to whip Yahoo into shape at the start of 2012. He lasted about four months.

Thompson had big ideas for how to revamp Yahoo s business. But Third Point, another activist hedge fund that had amassed a big stake in Yahoo, had its own ideas   and Thompson was not part of its plan.

Things came to a head in May when Third Point s Dan Loeb accused Thompson of falsifying his resume, showing that he claimed to have a degree in computer science from a college that did not offer such a degree. (Thompson blamed the error on a headhunter who passed a document with the inaccurate information to a previous employer.)

Within less than two weeks, Thompson was out and Loeb had secured three seats on Yahoo s board of directors.

Thompson also made the fateful decision to sell 20% of Yahoo's stake in then-private Alibaba. That deal effectively cost Yahoo $54 billion   greater than the entire value of the company today.

A new hope, the Marissa Mayer years: July 2012-Present

Loeb s next move was to hire Marissa Mayer, one of Google s first engineers, as Yahoo s new CEO. The hiring was praised as a coup, and it immediately gave Yahoo the kind of buzz it hadn t had in years. With Mayer, the thinking went, Yahoo had a visionary CEO with the product chops to reinvent the company and the reputation to recruit more engineering rock stars.

Mayer quickly shifted Yahoo s focus to mobile, an area where it had been sorely lacking. But her plan suffered a big setback early on, when she was forced to fire Henrique de Castro, a former Googler that she had hired only 15 months earlier with a jaw-dropping $58 million pay package.

DeCastro had failed to meet sales goals. But two years later, Yahoo s revenue remains stuck in a rut. And Mayer s strategy has been criticized for being unfocused. The company has not created any hit products during her tenure.

It's made almost 50 acquisitions, including big ones like social-blogging platform Tumblr ($1.1 billion) and video-ad-tech company Brightroll ($650 million), with no obvious payoff yet. And it's invested in a questionable media strategy, including original-video programming like the Community series, which it recently wrote off.

Once again, Yahoo is dealing with an activist investor. This time the agitator is Starboard Value. The firm wants Yahoo to abandon a plan to spin off its remaining 15% stake in Alibaba, and to instead sell its core internet business. Mayer and the board have spent the past several days deliberating the various options.

Whatever happens, it s sure to be interesting. The Week in Tech: Uber's Valuation, Yahoo May Sell Search Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

48:02 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-07-25
Twitter, Yahoo, Facebook and Google fighting legislation requiring them to ... Social media giants including Twitter, Yahoo, Facebook and Google are pushing back against Senate legislation that would require them to alert federal authorities of any terrorist activity, the Associated Press writes.

Here is the rest of the Associated Press article:

In private meetings on Capitol Hill, industry officials have told lawmakers and congressional staff that they already ban grisly content like beheadings and alert law enforcement if they suspect someone might get hurt, as soon as they are aware of a threat.

But tech officials also said they worry that the proposed legislation is too broad and would potentially put companies on the hook legally if they miss a tweet, video or blog that hint of an attack. They said the result would probably be a deluge of tips to law enforcement, making it tougher for the government to find more valuable information.

Those interviewed by The Associated Press spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing debate over the legislation.

The tech industry in 2013 faced a public relations nightmare after former government analyst Edward Snowden leaked details of a massive government surveillance program that relied on their co-operation. Company officials said the law gave them no choice but to supply consumer data and comply with gag orders that prevented companies from talking about it. Still, many consumers and Internet activists were furious that U.S. businesses had enabled the government to spy on their customers, in some cases even charging the government administrative fees to do it.

Since then, the tech industry has led an aggressive public push to limit surveillance requests and increase transparency, adopting more sophisticated encryption techniques despite opposition from the Justice Department. Their primary argument has been that consumers won t use technology they don t trust, and that unnecessary surveillance would hurt the industry.

At the same time, popular social media sites have become instrumental in helping terrorist groups expand their influence, despite widespread industry policies against posting or promoting terrorist-related content.

The Islamic State group and similar groups have relied heavily on Twitter and Facebook to recruit followers, while militants post beheading videos on sites like Google s YouTube, giving an image the chance to go viral before being shut down. In 2013, al-Shabab live tweeted its Westgate shopping mall massacre, opening up new feeds even after Twitter shut others down.

 This is not your grandfather s al-Qaida,  FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Judiciary Committee this month.  This is a group of people using social media to reach thousands of thousands of followers, find the ones who might be interested in committing acts of violence, and then moving them to an (end-to-end) encrypted messaging app. 

The same week as Comey s testimony, the Senate Intelligence Committee endorsed a proposal by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein that would require companies that spot terrorist activity on their networks to alert law enforcement.

Feinstein s provision, part of the intelligence authorization bill that still has to be approved by the Senate, is almost identical to the law requiring companies to report child pornography. One exception is that Feinstein s provision doesn t say whether or how a company would be penalized if it fails to report terrorist activity, whereas a tech company can be fined for  knowingly and willfully  failing to report an image of child pornography.

 The FBI and the intelligence community have made it abundantly clear that the terrorist threat is severe and increasing, and that those directing, inspiring and carrying out attacks make heavy use of social media sites,  Feinstein told the AP in an emailed statement.  This provision will help get potentially actionable information to the agencies responsible for preventing attacks, without requiring companies to take any steps to monitor their sites they aren t already taking. 

Determining what constitutes child pornography is more objective and is easier to describe for computer system searches. For example, a photograph can be digitally analyzed and assigned a unique identifier that be used to find similar images across networks. Not only does determining terrorist activity require context   the image of an Islamic State flag could appear in a news article or video clip   it is a more subjective process because of different views of what constitutes terrorism.

The House didn t include a similar provision in its version of the intelligence bill. A spokesman for Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes declined to comment on the issue.

Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel, said there s  no question  the Islamic State group uses social media to disseminate propaganda and recruit fighters. Schiff said Congress should work with the tech industry  to determine the most effective response. 

(the above is from the Associated Press) 
2015-07-12
Djokovic defeats Federer in four sets to claim Wimbledon title LONDON, ENGLAND - JULY 12: Novak Djokovic of Serbia celebrates winning a point in the Final Of The Gentlemen's Singles against Roger Federer of Switzerland on day thirteen of the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Championships at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club on July 12, 2015 in London, England. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images)

Roger Federer came into the men's final hungry for his first title since 2012. Novak Djokovic came in looking to avenge a stunning loss in last month s French Open final.

They were about as evenly matched as any players could be, Federer holding a slight 20-19 advantage in their head-to-head and each playing phenomenal tennis throughout the fortnight in London.

Each won 37 points in the first set. Each won 51 points in the second set   a dead heat, exactly as expected, as they split tiebreaks in each.

The next two sets seemed clinical for Djokovic, who did not let Federer break him again as he claimed the 7-6, 6-7, 6-4, 6-3 win over the Swiss legend. Federer may be the best ever, but Djokovic left no doubt that he is the best right now.

The first set was an all-out battle, Federer earning a break at 3-2 only to see Djokovic break right back, then hold to 4-4. At 6-5, Federer could've closed out the set, but failed to convert two break-point opportunities. Djokovic took over in the tiebreak, winning 7-1. The final point came on a Federer double fault. His service game, which had carried him over Andy Murray in the semifinals, was just not as strong on Sunday.

Serving at 4-5 in the second set, Federer again double-faulted to give Djokovic set point. But Djokovic shanked a forehand long on the next point, and Federer eventually held   a crucial hold that kept him in the match. Federer has only beaten Djokovic once after dropping the first set.

Forcing a second-set tiebreak, Federer clawed his way from 3-6 to 6-6. Djokovic won a point on Federer s serve to go up 7-6, then Federer took it back to 7-7 with a slam. He caught Djokovic on his heels to take the 8-7 lead and the chance to close out the set. Instead it would go all the way to 10-all. After more than 15 minutes, Federer finally took on the set on a slam.

Novak Djokovic of Serbia embraces Roger Federer of Switzerland after winning their Men's Singles Final match at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, July 12, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville More

Moving on to the third, Federer built a 0-30 lead on Djokovic s first service game but failed to keep it going. Djokovic held. Federer then built a 30-0 lead on serve, but Djokovic again fought back to earn the break-point opportunity. Federer overshot, giving Djokovic the 2-1 lead. The match turned clinical from there.

Returning to the court after a brief rain delay at 3-2, Djokovic eventually took the third set. He d take another break in the fourth set for the 2-4 lead.

When Federer s shot sailed past the baseline to give Djokovic the 5-3 lead, the 28-year-old Serb looked to the stands, flexed his shoulders back and let out a roar. He has never been the fan favorite. That's one throne Federer will always occupy. But the end was clearly in sight, and even this Federer-loving crowd had to acknowledge how well Djokovic was playing.

By the time he built a 15-30 lead on Federer s serve, Djokovic was all smiles. The match ended two points later, Djokovic converting double match-point to claim his third Wimbledon title. He now has nine Grand Slam titles.

"Novak played not only great today but the whole two weeks, plus the whole year, plus last year, plus the year before that. He deserve it, well done Novak," Federer said with a clipped laugh after the match.

It's a disheartening loss for Federer, who looked to add Grand Slam title No. 18 to his illustrious resume. Instead, he leaves the All England Club as the runner-up for the second year in a row.

Read More Female Pilots Struggle to Break Through Glass Ceiling at Asia's Airlines At last week s pilot training course for Singapore Airlines Ltd. s Scoot carrier, Eva Maria Thien stood out among the participants because she was the only woman. She also was the instructor.

She s a rarity in the male-dominated world of pilots. Just 3 percent of pilots worldwide are female, and in Singapore, where Thien is based, the figure is about 1 percent. By comparison, women make up about 23 percent of the leadership ranks at technology companies like Facebook Inc. and Yahoo! Inc.

Thien broke through with a blend of determination, skill and love for flying. She was willing to bide her time and work her way up in Europe until she was promoted, before moving to Asia. She wants to see other women follow in her path and break down the cockpit door.

 When things get tough you really, really need to work hard,  said Thien, 50.

Women in aviation tend to be confined to the back of the plane, serving snacks and sodas. They represented 80 percent of flight attendants in the U.S. in 2013, little changed since figures were first available in 2005.

About 5 percent of members of the Airline Pilots Association are women, in line with the level of female pilots at carriers including British Airways Plc and Deutsche Lufthansa AG. Among Singapore-based carriers, Thien is the sole woman who flies widebody planes.

Gender Equality

 Asian society is still behind in gender equality,  said Shukor Yusof, founder of Endau Analytics, an aviation consultant in Singapore.  It is beneficial for airlines to be seen as promoting more women to join the industry not just as cabin crew. 

Scoot said in an e-mail that it welcomes all qualified pilots, regardless of gender.

Thien showed signs as a toddler in Graz, Austria, that she would take to the skies.  I was told from very, very little I walked around and told everyone  that  I will fly aircraft,  she said.

The turning point came at age 22 when she asked a pilot friend to take her on a Cessna, her first time in an airplane.

 Very Natural 

 It was absolutely fantastic,  Thien said.  It felt very natural. 

She signed up for a cadet flying program with Austrian Airlines AG and was rejected at a time when it was  quite unusual  for women to apply. Thien then obtained a degree in English literature and physical education and became a teacher, before joining Lauda Air as a flight attendant while taking private flying lessons.

She started her pilot career at Italy s Air One SpA, followed by a seven-year stint with low-cost carrier Volare Airlines, where she rose to become a captain.

 It was a challenging time in many ways because it was a company where there were many, many military pilots,  Thien said, referring to Volare.  I learned a lot from the bad things and I learned a lot from the good things. I just had the whole spectrum of reactions and it made me work really hard. 

Slow Promotion

Thien said she was overtaken by colleagues who were promoted to captain more quickly. Undeterred, she worked even harder to show the bosses her ability.

 It was very frustrating then, of course, but in hindsight it was good,  she said.  I breezed through the command course simply because I had a lot of time to see others do their command course, so it worked out very well. 

A chance sighting of a Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd. hiring ad took Thien to Singapore. She joined Tiger in 2005 and stayed for almost seven years before moving to Scoot.

Thien joined Scoot s second batch of pilots in February 2012, becoming its head of training in April 2014.

 If you know your stuff, if you are prepared, there s nothing to challenge,  said Thien, whose masters degree project at City University London was on Southeast Asia s female pilots and cracking the glass ceiling.  I don t take shortcuts, I work doubly hard. 

Thien still enjoys flying, even though office-related work for her current role means she spends less time in the sky.

Last September, she was invited to talk to a group of grade-school girls under a program challenging gender stereotypes in fields such as science and technology. She wants to keep sharing with kids how much she enjoys flying and how they   both boys and girls   can too.

She says the aviation industry is overlooking some of the best talent by not hiring more women as pilots.

 I realized a lot of these girls had never thought that being a pilot was a possibility,  Thien said.  Sometimes you hear very strange comments, like  girls don t want to be pilots.  Nonsense. 

 With assistance from Richard Weiss in Frankfurt, Mary Schlangenstein in Dallas and Kari Lundgren in London.

This article was written by Kyunghee Park from Bloomberg and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. 
2015-08-06
Yahoo! Inc (YHOO) Wants to End Google Inc (GOOGL) Email Monopoly Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) wants to reclaim the ground it lost to Google in the email space as it strives to provide a service that has been elusive on Gmail. The New York Times reports that Yahoo is now tweaking its Yahoo Mail service to offer a transformed email service. The firm wants to relieve the frustration of searching emails and the 225M users of its email will have better email search results that will make Gmail users envious over the next couple of weeks.

When you want to locate a message in Yahoo Mail, as soon as you start typing the subject or sender name, Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) will now suggest what or whom you might be looking for, and offer to create a search term. The firm is also indexing the attachments and links that people include in emails in order to help you locate documents faster.

Email is Broken

The NY Times piece quotes Jeff Bonforte, the senior vice president for communications products at Yahoo saying,  Mail search is broken,  and Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is ready to fix it. If you want to search for an email, you ll most likely type in a few keywords that are in the message you want. Then email search delivers a result showing all the emails that contains those words   this has been the experience on probably all email platforms.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

The frustration here is that email search doesn t function as effectively as web searches. When you type in keywords for web search, there is a ranking of importance and the algorithm uses a best guess to suggest the exact information you might want. The frustration is most-felt by Gmail users who can t seem to understand why Gmail search is slower and less exact than Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) web search.

Yahoo is Reclaiming Lost Ground

Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) used to be the king of email before the advent of Google s Gmail. Now, Yahoo is making all the right moves to reclaim lost ground in the email space. Earlier in July, Yahoo confirmed that it was testing Google s search as a backbone for its web crawler. The push to make email search smarter and faster shows Yahoo seriousness about finding its footing once again in the tech space.

Late last month, Yahoo also mentioned that it was planning to revive its Yahoo Messenger platform with the launch of a revamped instant message service. Re/Code has reported that the firm is on track to announce a new mobile app that will be in cross-platform messaging space. The firm has quietly launched Yahoo Livetext   a Video Messenger that mixes video feed (without audio) with regular text messages in a chat in the Hong Kong iTunes App Store.

Google Won t Take Things Lying Down

Yahoo s comeback into the email space is a serious challenge for Google and the latter is not ready to move an inch. Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is already testing out a mobile-only app called Inbox. The app is Google s fresh approach to email to sort messages by type of content and present what it thinks you most want to see at the top. Between Yahoo s smarter email search and Google s cleaner email system, the email wars have just started. The Future of Driving: Cars That'll Read Your Pulse (And Mind) to Keep You Safe Every new car that hits the road today seems to have more in common with the smartphone in your pocket than with that rusted Chrysler LeBaron sitting in your father s driveway.

They connect to the Internet. They run apps. They let you make phone calls, if that s your thing. And soon they ll be able to measure your heart rate, perspiration, and even your breath.

That s right; automakers are working on ways to integrate biometric sensors  including heart rate monitors and brainwave sensors   into their vehicles. But this technology isn t just about your car monitoring your blood pressure while you sit in traffic, though it ll totally be able to do that. It s about keeping you safe behind the wheel, and it could save your life one day.

Monitoring your heart

Hyundai, for example, is developing a car system that will analyze your heart rate and automatically call 911 and pull the vehicle over if it senses that you re in some kind of medical distress.

Hyundai demonstrated the potential of its biometric technology in a concept video the automaker showed off at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in January. The video showed a driver s pulse skyrocket before he began to lose consciousness. As his pulse rose, the driver s smartwatch captured the data and sent it to the car.



The vehicle recognized the emergency, scanned the roadway behind it to make sure it was safe to change lanes, and pulled itself over to the shoulder.

The whole thing looks incredibly impressive, but then again, the footage came from a computer-generated demo video, so it s more movie trailer than real-world demonstration.

Smartwatches and fitness bands are preferable to building monitors into the car itself, because drivers can easily upgrade them as technology evolves, and they re portable from vehicle to vehicle.

The technology, which is still in its early conceptual stages, would likely take advantage of a smartwatch or a fitness band with a heart rate monitor to measure your pulse.

Hyundai s Cason Grover says the company could also use in-car cameras that monitor the driver s position in their seat. If the driver starts slumping, the car could intervene.

Stopping distracted driving

Ford s Gary Stremolo   who carries the rather impressive title of global manager for driver experience, wearables, and health innovations   said his company is looking into using heart rate monitors too, along with gadgets that will measure perspiration as a way to monitor driver stress levels.

 If you think about how a lie detector machine works, it measures heart rate, respiration, galvanic skin response, those types of measures,  Stremolo said.  In a similar fashion, we would like to know if the driver is stressed at the moment. 

Meanwhile, a vehicle s radar and other sensors could determine whether a driver is dealing with heavy stop-and-go traffic. It could monitor how often a person is pressing the brake and gas pedals, as well as car buttons. Ford could then use all of that information to assess how hard drivers are working behind the wheel.

 In this way, we could create an intelligent  do not disturb  ability,  Stremolo said. Essentially, your car would measure how much is going on around you while you re behind the wheel. If you re busy responding to traffic and you get a phone call, your car would automatically send the call to voicemail, letting you keep your attention focused on the road.

Ford s Stremolo said the company wouldn t save any of the health information it collects. The data would be used solely to analyze a driver s performance and then be discarded.

Keeping your eyes on the road

Jaguar is also looking out for ways to keep drivers  attention on the road.

By measuring your heart rate while you re behind the wheel, Jaguar s Matt Jones explained, the company could gauge your stress and fatigue levels to see whether you are likely to experience road rage or fall asleep at the wheel and then, in either case, help you avoid it.

Read More 
2015-04-02
Chen Zhang Joins JD.com as Head of R&D for JD Mall BEIJING, April 2, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- JD.com, Inc. (Nasdaq:JD), China's largest online direct sales company, today announced the appointment of former Yahoo! Inc. executive Chen Zhang as Senior Vice President of JD.com. Mr. Zhang, who will head Research & Development for JD Mall, will report to Haoyu Shen, JD Mall's CEO.

At Yahoo, Mr. Zhang established and led the company's Beijing Global Research & Development Center. In this role, he specialized in research related to personalization, advertising, mobile and cloud computing technologies. During his 18 years at Yahoo, he held a number of other senior roles, and led the development of the hugely successful Yahoo Messenger product.

At JD.com, Mr. Zhang will oversee JD Mall's R&D staff, focusing on research that will enhance the company's mobile applications, cloud computing and big data infrastructure. Daxue Li, who heads JD.com's R&D team, will be leaving to pursue personal interests. He will remain in his current role for several months to help facilitate a smooth transition, and then will continue to work with JD.com as an advisor.

"Chen is one of the most experienced executives in his field, not just in China, but globally," said Mr. Shen. "His breadth of experience has relevance right across our business, and we are confident he will have an immediate and lasting impact on our growth."

Mr. Zhang said, "I'm delighted to join JD.com at a very exciting time for the company. I believe JD.com is one of the most innovative companies in the industry, led by a team that truly understands how technology can drive strategic success. I look forward to working with them to develop new opportunities for JD.com to grow and prosper."

Mr. Shen said, "I would also like to thank Daxue Li for his contributions to the company and his role in building JD.com's exceptional R&D capability during the last seven years."

About JD.com, Inc. (Nasdaq:JD)

JD.com, Inc. is the leading online direct sales company in China. The Company strives to offer consumers the best online shopping experience. Through its content-rich and user-friendly website jd.com and mobile applications, JD.com offers a wide selection of authentic products at competitive prices and delivers products in a speedy and reliable manner. The Company believes it has the largest fulfillment infrastructure of any e-commerce company in China. JD.com operated 7 fulfillment centers and a total of 123 warehouses in 40 cities, and in total 3,210 delivery stations and pickup stations in 1,862 counties and districts across China, staffed by its own employees. The Company provided same-day delivery in 134 counties and districts under its 211 program and next-day delivery in another 866 counties and districts across China as of December 31, 2014.

For investor and media inquiries, please contact: Investor Relations Ruiyu Li +86 (10) 5895-5597 IR@JD.com Media Josh Gartner +86 (10) 5895-9315 Press@JD.com Reflective Spray Paint For Cyclists Makes You Glow in the Dark In crowded cities like New York, riding a bike to work can be like playing a real-life game of Frogger. And it s even worse at night as all of the cabs, pedestrians, and buses buzz past you, seemingly unaware that you re even there.

To help improve biker safety, the carmaker Volvo has joined with reflective paint maker Albedo 100 to introduce LifePaint. According to Popular Science, LifePaint is a kind of spray paint that sticks to your clothes and bike helmet to help make you more visible to everyone you share the road with.

The paint works by reflecting the light thrown by headlights from cars and trucks, causing whatever you sprayed it on to glow an otherworldly white.

Sounds cool? It gets better. The best part is that LifePaint is completely invisible during the day. So you can spray it on your clothes and not have to worry about looking like a reject from a low-budget sci-fi movie during your bike to work. And then at night, when you need it, it starts glowing.

LifePaint isn t a permanent solution to your late night biking safety woes, though, as it washes off and lasts a week after you apply it. So you ll have to keep spraying your clothes and helmet if you want to keep lighting up like a beacon every time a car s headlights get near you.

It also helps if, you know, cars actually try to avoid you as you peddle near them. Because lets face it, all of the reflective paint in the world isn t going to help you if the driver next to you isn t paying attention.

Anyway, Volvo is pushing LifePaint as part of its 2020 Vision campaign, which seeks to ensure no one is killed or seriously hurt by a new Volvo by the year 2020    an incredibly ambitions goal.

In its promotional video, Volvo shows LifePaint applied to cyclists and their bikes, but unfortunately, LifePaint can t be used on bicycles, as it doesn t adhere to metal. Instead, Volvo used one of Albedo 100 s permanent paints, which isn t something you d want to put on your clothes.

Want to bring your pooch with you while you bike? Albedo 100 also makes a reflective paint for animals, as well.

Volvo isn t the only company attempting to use technology to increase bike safety. The popular Blaze Bike Light on Kickstarter, for example, is an innovative clippable bike light that projects a symbol of a bicycle onto the street six meters ahead of you. It s one of many high-tech bike lights on the market now. Another approach came from Swedish company Hovding, which introduced a kind of airbag bicycle helmet last year.

LifePaint is currently available in six bike shops around London, though Volvo says if the initial rollout is a success it will expand sales internationally.

via: Popular Science

Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 5 Sinister Tech Patents That Undermine Your Freedom 5 Sinister Tech Patents That Undermine Your Freedom

The 5 most damaging, most culturally regressive, sinister tech patents in the world today.

(ANTIMEDIA) Patents are governmental grants that legally establish the sole rights of an invention. In modern times, patents on technological advancements are resulting in some dangerous, arguably sinister, consequences on our society, namely the stifling of innovation in the small business landscape and the outright litigious bullying of entrepreneurs who, more often than not, simply cannot compete in court with giant corporations because of the exorbitant legal costs. The EFF, Electronic Frontier Foundation, says the situation is so dire they ve launched an entire campaign, called Patent Fail: In Defense of Innovation, devoted to drawing attention to reforming the broken patent system.

In light of this, I ve put together what I think are the 5 most damaging, most culturally regressive, sinister tech patents in the world today.



Advertisment

5. Amazon s patent on white-background photos

To highlight how ridiculous technological patents have become, in 2014 Amazon was granted patent number 8,676,045 for taking photos on a white background. Popular comedian and satirist Stephen Colbert explains the situation with his trademark tongue-in-cheek humor:  Amazon now has legal ownership of the idea of displaying a thing.  Explained in a more technical lexicon, CNET says that  Amazon won a patent for a particular arrangement of photography equipment that isolates the subject in front of a white background. 

Photographers maintain this is actually a decades old idea that has evolved and should not be owned solely by Amazon; the danger, of course, is that Amazon can now sue for infringement anytime someone takes photos in the manner described in the patent.

4. Yahoo s patent on social networking technologies

Yahoo Inc. owns many patents, ten of which the company famously claimed were infringed upon by none other than Facebook. One of these patents is for  managing a view of a social network user s personal information.  Another is for the process that websites use in order to customize their news feeds. These two vague patents basically describe  Facebook s entire social network model  as entirely based on Yahoo s patented ideas about social networking.

Why target just Yahoo on this? Their company s patents are particularly nefarious because they literally describe any sort of activity feed. If enforced by a court of law which, so far, has actually been siding more with Facebook this monopoly would clearly stifle future innovation regarding virtually any kind of online social media.

3. Apple s patents on ideas

Apple has so many patents that the company exclusively owns the rights to flipping virtual pages by swiping the hand across the screen. This is the electronic version of turning the page of a book and Apple owns it. They even own the patent for the touch-screen interface itself. More importantly, Apple is able to use their hundreds of patents to intimidate and stomp out any competition. Apple and its biggest competitor, Samsung, embarked on a billion dollar legal war over similar Smartphones and the winner was Apple. However, we ve likely only seen the opening skirmishes of the Patent Wars between tech goliaths.

2. HAARP patent on atmosphere alteration

When you have a patent on altering the Earth s atmosphere, the possibilities for villainy are near endless. According to US Patent #4,686,605, Eastlund currently owns the patent on the  method and apparatus for altering a region in the earth s atmosphere, ionosphere, and/or magnetosphere.  Basically, the company has the right to zap and boil the atmosphere with the intent to improve our communications, but also reserves the right to  exploit the ionosphere for Department of Defense purposes. 

Perhaps the purpose really is to improve our communications. However, some evidence suggests the facility is being used to test the effects of electromagnetic signals on the mind, as well as geoengineering and weather modifying technology. Bottom line is, it s hard to imagine a patent used to experiment with solar radiation in the atmosphere as innocuous, especially when the Department of Defense is involved.

1. Monsanto s patent on genetically modified seeds

If you believed a patent on experimenting with the Earth s atmosphere was the most evil, you should be flabbergasted by a patent which potentially gives one company control over the planet s entire agricultural food supply. By far, the most evil technological patent is held by Monsanto. This company holds 674 patents and has also bought out more than 200 companies leading to a monopoly on access to seeds. Virtually any farmer can be considered infringing on the patent: if GMO supplied farmers replant last season s seeds, it is infringement; if some unauthorized GMO seeds naturally blow with the wind and grow on a natural farmer s land, this is also infringement.

This stranglehold over the very natural resources of the land has caused farmers to begin committing suicide in mass numbers. Incredibly and tragically, it is estimated that every thirty minutes an Indian farmer commits suicide (17,638 deaths since 2009) because of the financial devastation wrought by Monsanto s seed monopoly. And, of course, this isn t even touching upon the danger GMOs present to our natural ecosystems and the much-debated potential effects on our own bodies.

These sinister technological patents are having some pretty serious consequences on our global society. From the stifling of innovation in the  free market  to monopolizing our food supply, it is obvious that patents on technology are getting out of control, which is all the more reason to pay heed to the aforementioned work of the EFF. Are there any patents that we missed that you are concerned with?

This article is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TheAntiMedia.org. (Image: The Intercept)

Be Sociable, Share!











Stories published in our Hot Topics section are chosen based on the interest of our readers. They are republished from a number of sources, and are not produced by MintPress News. The views expressed in these articles are the author s own and do not necessarily reflect Mint Press News editorial policy. Flipkart adds Hari Vasudev, Anand KV & Manish Maheshwari to new leadership team India s largest e-commerce venture Flipkart has roped in Hari Vasudev, Anand KV and Manish Maheshwari, to spearhead supply chain, customer experience and seller ecosystem verticals, the company said in a statement.

This comes amidst a string of senior hires by the firm over the last five-six months as part of the formation of a new leadership team.

Vasudev has been hired as senior vice president of engineering, IT and analytics for supply chain verticals. He will lead the unit to build supply chain products and services enabled by technology, focusing on key areas such as robotics, mobile, IoT and data sciences. He would report to Binny Bansal (COO).

Prior to Flipkart, he was working with Yahoo! Inc as a vice president and centre head. He spent over eight years at Yahoo and held various leadership positions within the search and platforms teams.

He has a master s in computer science from Iowa State University and an MBA from the University of California, Berkeley.

Anand joins the company as senior vice president for customer experience, commerce platform and will be responsible for driving the customer experience unit for Flipkart s marketplace. He would report to Mukesh Bansal (former CEO of Myntra and now head, commerce platform, at Flipkart).

Prior to joining Flipkart, he spent over 18 years in the satellite broadcasting and Direct To Home (DTH) satellite television industry across Middle East, Hong Kong and India. In his last stint, Anand worked with Hathway Cable & Datacom Ltd, as president, digital platforms. In the past he has also worked at Tata Sky. He is an alumnus of Institute of Cost and Works Accountants of India.

Maheshwari, on the other hand, comes with an entrepreneurial background. He is co-founder of txtWeb, a marketplace for text-based apps. He is joining the company as vice president and head

of seller ecosystem. He will be responsible for driving key initiatives such as seller acquisition and growth of the seller ecosystem team.

His startup, txtWeb currently claims to have 16 million mobile users in India alone. Prior to founding txtWeb, he was head of new markets, global business division at Intuit, one of the world s leading providers of software products for SMEs and retailers. He holds an MBA from Wharton Business School.

Maheshwari would report to Ankit Nagori, senior vice president, marketplace.

Flipkart, which is flushed with cash having raised over $1.9 billion, last year alone, offers over 20 million products cross over 70 categories including books, media, consumer electronics and lifestyle. It has hired a bunch of senior executives in the past few months. Last month it named Punit Soni, a Google product management executive and former vice president of product management at Motorola, as its new chief product officer. It also appointed Saikiran Krishnamurthy as chief operating officer (COO) of its commerce division.

Earlier it had hired former CEO of Calvin Klein India Rishi Vasudev as a vice president for fashion retail. Last year it also named Sanjay Baweja as CFO.

(Edited by Joby Puthuparampil Johnson) 
2015-04-22
Yahoo hires advisers, looks at selling Yahoo Japan stake A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Inc announced it is looking at cashing in its stake in Yahoo Japan Corp, which could be worth almost $9 billion before tax, news that boosted Yahoo's stock price.

The Internet company has hired advisers to help it evaluate options for the stake, Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer told investors on a conference call on Tuesday. It will not be included in the planned spin-off of its stake in China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, she said.

Investors have been urging Mayer to monetize the Yahoo Japan stake separately, after she announced plans to spin off the Alibaba stake in January, which could be worth $40 billion.

The advisers will help Yahoo "determine the most promising opportunities to maximize value" for the Yahoo Japan stake, said Mayer.

Yahoo shares rose after the announcement, following disappointing earnings results, trading up about 1 percent from their close at $44.49 on Nasdaq.

But Wall Street remained broadly cautious about the plan.

"They are taking the slow train, stressing the process," said Colin Gillis, an analyst BGC Partners, who warned that a deal, if any, could be a long way down the line. "Engaging advisers doesn't mean spinning it out."

Yahoo owns about 35 percent of Yahoo Japan Corp, which has a market value of almost $25 billion on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Japanese internet company SoftBank Corp is the biggest shareholder, with about 36 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data.

Last month Yahoo shareholder Starboard Value LP said the Alibaba spin-off was a "good first step" but urged Yahoo to also spin off its Yahoo Japan stake in a tax-efficient manner. Starboard did not reply to a request for comment on Tuesday.

(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Cynthia Osterman) Randall Cunningham's daughter just broke a national record The daughter of former Philadelphia Eagles' quarterback Randall Cunningham is officially the best high school high jumper in the country. Vashti Cunningham cleared 6-foot-4 1/4 at the Mt. Sac Invitational over the weekend.

Broke the national record at 6'4.25 today. Thank you Jesus pic.twitter.com/XnaVCkWePc   vashti cunningham (@hi_vashtizzle) April 19, 2015

She broke her personal best in her first jump of the day, clearing 6-foot-3, then broke the record in her second jump.

The record-breaking jump was enough to earn Vashti the title, a repeat performance for the junior. Vashti and her brother shared the Mt. Sac high jump titles last year, before Randall Cunningham, Jr. moved on to star on the USC track and field team.

"This is the day," Vashti told RunnerSpace.com. "I felt it since I was warming up. I just knew I've been doing all the work I need to do to get it, so I had no doubt in my mind."

She attempted 6-foot-6 three times after setting the record, but that mark will have to wait until another day.

Danielle Elliot is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact her at delliot@yahoo-inc.com or find her on Twitter and Facebook. Japan's Nikkei 225 Closes Above 20000 First Time in 15 Years Japanese stocks rose for a second day, pushing the Nikkei 225 Stock Average above 20,000 for the first time in 15 years. Brokerages led gains.

Nomura Holdings Inc. jumped the most since November as investors bought stocks that lagged the broader market this year. Yahoo Japan Corp. jumped 2.7 percent after Yahoo Inc. said it was exploring options for its stake in the Japanese company. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. advanced 3 percent for a second day, providing the biggest boost to the Topix index. Tokyo Steel Manufacturing Co. tumbled 6 percent after forecasting a drop in operating profit.

The Nikkei 225 added 1.1 percent to 20,133.90 in Tokyo, its highest close since April 2000. The Topix climbed 0.8 percent to 1,621.79, its highest closing level since November 2007.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

 The overall trend is to keep grinding higher, but investors are becoming more selective and spreading the gains around,  said Tomomi Yamashita, who helps oversee the equivalent of $6.3 billion at Shinkin Asset Management Co. in Tokyo.  The shift is away from companies with excessive earnings expectations and into stocks which investors have overlooked. This is one of the reasons why the Nikkei is above 20,000 today. 

A gauge of brokerages rose the most among the Topix s 33 industry groups. The measure has lagged this year, returning 11 percent while the broader market rose 15 percent. Nomura jumped 4.5 percent Wednesday while Daiwa Securities Group Inc. added 3 percent.

Nikkei 20,000

Yahoo Japan climbed 2.7 percent after Yahoo said it hired advisers to consider how to maximize the value of its Japanese unit. SoftBank Corp., which owns a 36 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, climbed 1.9 percent to be the second-largest boost to the Nikkei 225.

The Nikkei 225 s previous rally above 20,000 lasted a mere three weeks. After closing above the level on March 27, 2000, it fell back below on Apr. 17 of that year and failed to breach it again until today. The gains this time will last longer because valuations are more reasonable, says Nissay Asset Management Corp. s Isao Kubo, who s forecasting the measure to reach 21,800 by the end of March.

The Nikkei 225 traded at more than 100 times trailing earnings in April 2000, compared with about 23 now, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

 Japanese executives have grown some muscle and there are far fewer unprofitable companies,  said Kubo, chief equity strategist at the money manager.  Investors are now buying based on actual results they can evaluate, such as earnings growth and governance reform that s leading to higher dividends and other shareholder benefits. That s the biggest difference compared to back then. 

Abe Push

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed companies to improve profitability and use their 231 trillion yen ($1.9 trillion) cash pile to increase returns to shareholders. The Nikkei 225 has roughly doubled since he took office in late 2012, also helped by monetary easing and stock-buying by the central bank and public pension fund.

Japan brought in stewardship rules in 2014, designed to make more investors press companies for higher returns. It s introducing a code for companies in June, intended to guide executives and equity owners on how firms should be run.

 Japan needs to deliver higher returns to fund the future,  Scott Callon, who oversees about $2.9 billion as head of Ichigo Asset Management Ltd. in Tokyo, said in an interview last month.  The current package of reforms is absolutely critical for the future vitality of Japan and it s driving positive change in a very powerful way. And the world is beginning to recognize that. 

Boosting Exports

The nation s trade balance swung to its first surplus since 2012, data showed Wednesday. Exports in March rose 8.5 percent from the previous year, matching economist estimates, the Ministry of Finance reported. Imports fell 14.5 percent, greater than the expectation for a loss of 12.6 percent.

Mitsubishi UFJ surged 3 percent, adding to yesterday s jump of 3.3 percent and marking its seventh straight daily gain. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. climbed 3.8 percent as banks rose the second-most among the Topix industry groups.

Tokyo Steel tumbled 6 percent after forecasting operating profit will fall 9.1 percent in the current fiscal year, with sales sliding 14 percent. Shares fell the most in 12 months even as the manufacturer of steel beams said net income in the previous fiscal year beat its forecast by 5 percent.

Inpex Corp. fell 1.8 percent to lead energy shares to the biggest loss on the Topix as crude oil slid for a second day after Saudi Arabia halted airstrikes against neighboring Yemen and ahead of data that s forecast to show U.S. stockpiles rose from already record levels.

E-mini futures on the Standard & Poor s 500 index added 0.1 percent after the underlying measure lost 0.2 percent on Tuesday in New York. Google's New Wireless Service Will Pay You Back for the Data You Don't Use Google is now a mobile carrier, with the announcement of its new Project Fi service. Available exclusively to owners of Google s Nexus 6 phone, Project Fi is a radical departure from the kind of wireless plans offered by leading carriers like AT&T and Verizon.

Unlike a standard plan, which charges you a flat rate for a set amount of data even if you don t use all of it, Google s plan will charge you only for the data you use and pay you back for any that you don t.

Say, for example, that you purchase a 2 GB monthly plan for $20. If you use only 1.6 GB of that data, Google will reimburse you $4. Use only 0.4 GB of data and you ll get $16 back.

In addition to data, Project Fi provides unlimited talk and text, unlimited international text, and coverage in more than 120 countries. (That base level of service costs $20 per month; you can then add a data plan for $10/GB per month).

And unlike most wireless plans, it charges you the same amount for data overseas as it does here in the U.S. Google will also let you use your phone as a Wi-Fi hotspot at no additional charge.

Beyond offering a new way to pay for your data, Project Fi has a unique way of connecting you to the Web. Rather than using single carrier network, Project Fi uses two: Sprint and T-Mobile.

So if you re riding the bus on your way to work and your 4G LTE connection with Sprint starts to slow down and there is a faster T-Mobile signal available, Project Fi will automatically switch you over to T-Mobile s network to ensure you always have the best possible connection.

If your Sprint and T-Mobile connections are running slow, Project Fi will move you over to one of more than a million free open Wi-Fi hotspots to get your data. While you re connected to the hotspots, Project Fi automatically encrypts your information to ensure it remains private.

And because Project Fi uses Google Voice, you can take your phone number to any device you are signed in to with Google Hangouts.

There s one big problem with Project Fi, though: It uses the two smallest of the Big Four U.S. carriers, Sprint and T-Mobile. As the carriers have smaller LTE coverage areas than AT&T and Verizon, you may have trouble getting an LTE connection when away from major cities.

Still, as it does with its 4G LTE connections, Project Fi will automatically switch you between T-Mobile and Sprint based on which network has the faster 3G connection.

T-Mobile s outspoken CEO, John Legere, praised Google s Project Fi for the way it could change the U.S. wireless market, though he was quick to point out that while Project Fi will benefit from T-Mobile s network, it won t get all the same features the carrier offers its own customers, including HD Voice.

It will be interesting to see if Project Fi has any impact on the wireless industry as a whole. Its pricing structure could prove incredibly helpful for wireless shoppers. So far, T-Mobile has been leading the charge in changing the wireless industry with its UnCarrier initiative, which has eliminated two-year service contracts and lets you roll over your unused data from month to month.

AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon have aped a handful of T-Mobile s practices as the carrier has gained more customers. Could Google s Project Fi be the beginning of a large sea change in the industry? We ll have to wait to find out.

You can request an invitation to the service here.

Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.

 
2015-11-11
How to Use Google Maps Offline Mode Without Google Maps on our smartphones, most of us would still rely on bulky GPS units or even (dare I say it) Apple Maps to navigate unfamiliar places.

But when you re out of your phone s signal range (which, coincidentally, is often when you need navigational help most), Maps goes dead. That s because the app needs a data connection to search for destinations and load things like turn-by-turn directions.

To fix that, Google has introduced a new offline feature that lets you download offline maps, so you can keep navigating whether you have a connection or not.



Here s how to get them.

Open the Android Google Maps app (Google is still working on an iOS version) and type in the area (destination, city, neighborhood) you want to download in the search bar.



When the area loads, swipe up from the bottom of the screen to get more information about the location, and press Download.



Move the box on the next screen to area in which you want to navigate offline and press Download again.





You can now navigate within that area without a data connection. What s more, when your phone gets a signal again, Maps will seamlessly transition back to online mode.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.



More stories from Yahoo Tech: How ad giant DDB stole Coke star marketer Wendy Clark Wendy Clark, one of Coca-Cola's ( ko ) most senior women executives, is departing the beverage giant to be president and CEO of DDB North America. This is a surprise but inevitable move for one of the star marketers in the big-brand universe.

The jump to one of the world's largest ad agencies takes Clark, who is Coca-Cola's president of sparkling brands and strategic marketing, back to her roots. She spent her early career at ad firm GSD&M, then moved to AT&T ( t ) in 2004, where she was SVP of advertising. There, she worked with Chuck Brymer, then chairman and CEO of Interbrand; AT&T was his client. Today, Brymer is CEO of DDB Worldwide and the man who wooed Clark away from Coke.

When did the courtship begin? "About 15 years ago," says Brymer, only half-joking. During Clark's four-year stint at AT&T, "I spent a lot of time with her," he recalls, and together they presented to the telecom company's top brass and its board more than a dozen times. Clark was not only "cool under pressure," Brymer says. "She was also great with people."

When he moved to DDB in 2006 and she jumped to Coke in 2008, Brymer and Clark stopped working together, for good reason: DDB is a unit of Omnicom Group ( omc ) , which also owns BBDO, Pepsi's ad agency, and other marketing services companies that work for PepsiCo ( pep ) .

Brymer says he "always wanted to work with Wendy again." While he declines to give details and Clark, 44, has opted not to talk publicly about her move sources close to both parties say that he approached her with a specific job opportunity about a year ago. "It's a complete natural for Wendy," Brymer says about the DDB North America CEO post, noting that at AT&T and Coke, "she gained unique insight into the issues facing marketers and how to leverage that insight within an agency. That's a powerful combination."

In addition to being "a magnet for talent," Brymer says, Clark is "an innovator" with particularly strong chops in digital media ever more critical to DDB and its clients. At Coke, Clark helped build the company's flagship beverage into the biggest brand on Facebook ( fb ) . "We might be shepherds, stewards, and guardians of our brands, but we no longer control them," Clark said on stage at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit in 2012. To build a major social presence, she advised other global brand-builders to think of "content as the new currency" and "your constituents as storytellers."

Climbing the ranks of Coca-Cola swiftly, amid senior management overhauls, Clark emerged as one of CEO Muhtar Kent's rising superstars. But she indicated her restlessness early this year when she took a three-month sabbatical to help Hillary Clinton with her marketing and social media in the run up to her presidential campaign. She spent weekdays in New York, returning to her husband and three children in Atlanta for long weekends. While many of her colleagues believed at the time that she would get sucked into politics and leave Coke for good, Kent made "multiple bets" that she would return. In April, she did.

A flexible schedule to maintain some semblance of work-life balance an ethereal concept for someone as high-powered as Clark was critical to her accepting the job as CEO of DDB North America. Clark intends to split her time between New York and Atlanta (where Omnicom has offices) after she takes the helm on January 1. She'll replace Mark O'Brien, who will become EVP at Omnicom, and she will be a logical candidate to ultimately succeed Brymer, who is 56 and has no imminent plans to retire.

This new gig will not be completely virgin territory for Clark: One of DDB's biggest clients is McDonald's ( mcd ) , which sells drinks such as Coke and Sprite and Dasani water, which Clark has been promoting for the past seven years.

Here's Clark, at the 2012 MPW Summit, talking about building brands on Facebook: 
2015-02-13
Yahoo Inc cuts up to 125 jobs, mostly affecting Canada offices Yahoo! Inc. Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer is cutting about 1% of the company s workforce as she looks to trim costs, according to a person familiar with the matter.

The reductions, which would be fewer than about 125 people, affect editorial staffing in Canada, among other areas, said the person, who asked not to be named because the matter is private. The Sunnyvale, California-based company had 12,500 employees at the end of the fourth quarter.

 We constantly make changes to better align our resources and investments with our strategic priorities,  Yahoo said in a statement Friday.

Mayer, more than two years into a turnaround effort, is seeking to streamline the company as she invests in areas that she hopes will grow quickly, including new advertising services for mobile. During a call with analysts last month, she noted that the size of Yahoo s workforce has been little changed in the past few years, even as she s added more than 1,000 employees.

Related

 We have achieved the stability in headcount despite these additions through strong performance management, by reprioritizing resources, by sunsetting older products and businesses and by consolidating locations,  she said on the call.  We will continue to seek and execute on efficiencies that we find on an ongoing basis. 

Business Insider reported on the Yahoo job cuts Thursday night.

A source close to Yahoo employees told Business Insider,  People [are] kind of shell-shocked. 

The business news website also said that some of the cuts are coming in the group headed by Mike Kern, senior vice president of product homepage and verticals. Engineers are not being let go, but product managers, designers, and program managers are, sources told Business Insider.

In October, Yahoo cut 400 jobs mostly within product engineering teams at its office in Bangalore, India.

Compiled with files from Bloomberg.com, Business Insider, Financial Post staff Going Against the Flow: Robby Stein, Head of Product Management for Video at ... Robby Stein is currently Head of Product Management for Video at Yahoo!, where he leads product efforts for video out of Yahoo's New York City office.

Prior to his role at Yahoo!, Robby was the CEO and co-founder of Stamped, a mobile recommendations company which was acquired by Yahoo! in October 2012 as Marissa Mayer's first acquisition. Before Stamped, Robby led product launches at Google across Gmail, Google Reader and other consumer applications, and then became Product Manager for Ad Exchange.

Robby was named to the Forbes 30 under 30, Silicon Alley Insider 100, and received a Google Founder's Award for his work on Gmail. Robby graduated from Northwestern University.

Robby Stein (Courtesy of Yahoo!)

Q: What does entrepreneurship mean to you, and what underlying characteristics do you see in successful entrepreneurs?

RS: Entrepreneurship is the drive to change, push and empower people for the better -- no matter what obstacles arise. It's ultimately the unending dissatisfaction with the status quo, coupled with the sense that inevitably you will make change happen, which really differentiates great entrepreneurs. They are the people able to create a driving force in the world that team members, investors, partners and customers want to join.

Q: What are you most proud of in your professional career?

RS: Building a product and company from an idea to something that exists in the world and lives outside of yourself is the most gratifying aspect of my job. It's creation in its purest form. I'm lucky because I've had the opportunity to both create as an entrepreneur, as the founder and CEO of Stamped, and now at Yahoo, where I build entirely new products.

Q: If you could do something over in your life, what would it be?

RS: If I were to do something differently, I would find more ways to create early and often, rather than waiting for the 'right time' to start. This is something I'm focused on today.

Q: Tell us about an instance where you had to go against the flow to realize your goal.

RS: At Stamped, our vision was to connect people with beloved places, books, movies, and music so that they could not only find them themselves but recommend them to others. Because we believed the world was approaching information overload, we intentionally limited how much information our users could share. This was contrary to popular practices, as most apps were pushing users to "share everything." However, this decision resonated with our users and gave us a reputation for quality recommendations.

Q: LinkedIn style - If you were to give advice to your 22 year old self, what would it be?

RS: There's a famous Albert Einstein quote: "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." I think this is great advice, and an incredibly important distinction. You can't manage a fulfilling career by chasing an academic concept of success or a resume line item. You should be following a passion and always viewing yourself as an agent of change to make your company, team, and self better. If you do that you will be rewarded. Most importantly, you're never too 'junior' to make a massive impact. If you don't think big and tackle hard problems, who will?

Follow Robby Stein at @rmstein, and check out the other interviews in Going Against the Flow series at http://www.huffingtonpost.com/charu-sharma/ or thestartupsutra.com. Can Hackers Really Take Over Your Car? (ThinkStock)



It s a dystopian scenario: You are driving down a mountain road, listening to Spotify through your car s Bluetooth connection, when suddenly, your brakes fail and your car goes careening off the road. Your car has been hacked, and you didn t even know it was happening.

That s the nightmare hinted at in a scary report from Massachusetts Sen. Ed Markey, which was picked up by many news outlets. A segment on  60 Minutes  recently showed how effective and frightening car hacking could be. It featured reporter Lesley Stahl losing control over her car s horn and brakes as a hacker clicked away on a nearby laptop.

Could it happen to you? Today, it is extraordinarily unlikely. Though automobile hacking is possible, it requires deep technical knowledge possessed only by a handful of academics and researchers. According to experts, the chances of your car being hacked while it sits in your garage, or while you re driving it, is very, very low.

What is car hacking?



Your average new car is a rolling network of high-powered computers. It has a number of processors and wireless systems that allows it to do everything from getting you directions to your aunt s house, to streaming music from your smartphone via Bluetooth, to making sure you don t rear-end the car in front of you when it brakes suddenly.

(ThinkStock)

Like any network, cars are vulnerable to hacking: an intrusion from an outside source. That intrusion can be through something physically connected to the vehicle, or (more scary), a remote, wireless connection, over cellular, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi.

What can someone do if they hack into a car?

As the recent  60 Minutes  report demonstrated, a dedicated hacker was able to manipulate a vehicle s braking system, control the windshield wipers, and honk the horn by wirelessly hacking into a vehicle via its cellular connection.

There are also privacy concerns: A hacker could access a vehicle s location information, allowing a criminal to determine where you have traveled and where your car is currently located.

How do these hacks work?

Let s use the  60 Minutes  report as an example. That hack used the same methods employed by the University of Washington computer scientist Tadayoshi Kohno and his co-researchers at the University of California, San Diego in 2010.

Read More Obama's Visit to Silicon Valley Is a Big Win for Apple Pay U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in Silicon Valley bearing gifts for Tim Cook: A seal of approval for Apple Pay.

The White House announced Friday that Apple Inc. s mobile-payment system will be enabled for users of federal-payment cards, including Social Security and veterans benefits that are paid out via debit cards. The deal includes the Direct Express payment network and government cards issued through GSA SmartPay, which handles more than 87.4 million transaction worth $26.4 billion each year, according to the General Services Administration.

 It has big promotional value  for Apple, Richard Crone, chief executive officer of Crone Consulting LLC, said.  It makes it look like the federal government is endorsing Apple Pay. 

The administration s announcement came in advance of Apple CEO Cook s speech today at Obama s cybersecurity summit in Palo Alto, California, where he said protecting peoples  privacy was paramount.

 History has shown us that sacrificing our right to privacy can have dire consequences,  Cook said.  We still live in a world where all people are not treated equally, too many people do not feel free to practice their religion or express their opinion or love who they choose -- a world in which that information can make the difference between life and death. 

User Privacy

Obama arrives in Silicon Valley at a time when his administration s relationship with technology and Web companies has grown frosty over government spying and the privacy rights of their users and customers.

Facebook Inc. CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Yahoo Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer, and Google Inc. s Larry Page and Eric Schmidt all were invited but won t attend the conference at Stanford University, according to the companies.

Ajay Banga, CEO of MasterCard Inc., and Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America Corp., are among the industry executives slated to speak at the event.

Apple Pay, which enables iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones to be used as a digital bank or credit card, is one of several new services being introduced by Apple. The company, which gets the bulk of its revenue from the sale of gadgets, uses services and apps to make those iPhones and iPads even more useful and harder to give up for competitors  products. As people s lives become more digitized, including health records, the stakes for protecting that privacy become higher.

A key part of Cook s positioning of Apple Pay has revolved around user privacy.

Digital Wallets

Apple Pay is being watched closely to see whether Apple can foster wider use of digital wallets, a goal that has eluded tech companies for years. The service began last year and immediately ran into challenges from CVS Health Corp. and Rite Aid Corp., which blocked the technology in their drugstores. Both companies are part of a group of retailers, which include Wal-Mart Stores Inc., that are seeking to create their own mobile-payment system.

Major banks and credit-card companies, including MasterCard, teamed up with Apple to develop Apple Pay, which uses the world s largest payment networks  tokenization products, a system that replaces some account information with a digital ID for online and mobile purchases.

Visa Inc. CEO Charlie Scharf has said that there will be  an awful lot of things being announced and implemented  in the next year that compete with Apple Pay. The networks have also outlined a road map of standards for how banks and merchants can adopt the technology.

To coincide with today s event, Visa announced an expansion of its token services this year and MasterCard said it plans to spend $20 million on a program that uses biometrics to verify purchases.

Secure Money

As U.S. consumers begin using cards with an embedded chip - - known as EMV technology -- criminals are expected to move their activities online and to mobile phones. That s why banks, retailers and card networks are working to adopt tokenization.

Recent data breaches at Target Corp. and other retailers have increased pressure on banks, payment networks and retailers to implement more secure systems, including EMV technology. Visa, MasterCard. and American Express Co. have given U.S. retailers and banks until October this year to adopt EMV -- which requires either a signature or a personal identification number -- or assume liability for some fraudulent transactions. EMV is named for developers of the technology, EuroPay International, MasterCard and Visa.

Private Data

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Obama and some lawmakers have called for national standards for database security and requirements for notifying customers when breaches occur. In October, Obama ordered that government cards incorporate EMV technology that includes a personal identification number to verify transactions. The federal government will transition this year to the chip technology on its payment cards, which are used for a variety of benefits, including Social Security.

Before rolling out Apple Pay, Apple updated its privacy policy in September as it sought to reassure users that their data was safe. The company announced that it would no longer be able to access data, such as photos, stored on devices running its newest mobile operating system called iOS 8.

The changes attracted criticism from James Comey, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

 What concerns me about this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves beyond the law,  he said in September. He later said companies such as Apple should be required to build surveillance capabilities into their products to help law enforcement.

Data Safeguards

While Apple faces concerns from law enforcement officials about too much security, other parts of the U.S. government have been questioning whether the company has enough safeguards over user data. In advance of shipping a smartwatch in April, the company has received questions from different levels of government about health data that the watch and iPhones collect.

As the world s largest company by market capitalization, Apple has been more involved in government issues than under co-founder Steve Jobs. Apple increased lobbying spending 19 percent to $4.1 million last year, and focused on more government departments and agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission and Food and Drug Administration.

On Friday, Cook said Apple Pay will become available in September for many transactions with the federal government, such as at national parks. 
2015-04-10
A Yahoo Compare And Contrast: Carol Bartz and Marissa Mayer [Author was long YHOO and BABA at time of writing]

Carol Bartz was hired as the CEO of (YHOO) in January 2009. She was fired by the board in September 2011. Her duration as CEO lasted 2 years and 9 months.

Marissa Mayer was hired as Yahoo s CEO in July 2012. As of this month, she s been on the job for 2 years and 9 months.

Compare and Contrast: Bartz vs Mayer | FindTheCompany

Towards the end of Bartz s tenure, many (including me) were highly critical of her. A large number of people were calling for her head. Today, even though Starboard Value LP has been outspoken in their criticism of Mayer, there is not a similar populist groundswell of support for replacing Mayer.

Why? Has Mayer done a materially better job of turning around Yahoo s core business than Bartz?

Let s review a series of metrics relating to the core business under their watch.

In the year prior to Bartz s arrival, Yahoo (in 2008) did $7.2 billion in revenue, $13 million in EBITDA, had 1.37 billion shares outstanding, and $3.5 billion in cash. On January 14th, 2009, when Bartz was hired, Yahoo s stock price was $12.26.

For the year ended 2011, Yahoo did $5 billion in revenue, $800 million in EBITDA, had 1.27 billion shares outstanding, and had $2.5 billion in cash. On September 6, 2011   the day Yahoo s board fired Bartz - Yahoo s stock price opened at $12.52.

The stock increased 2.1% over Bartz s tenure while the Nasdaq had gone up 57% over the same period.

Bartz spent virtually no shareholder money on M&A during her tenure with the exception of buying interclick for around $267 million. She sold back some other businesses (hotjobs, zimbra) so the net of it was that nothing was spent on M&A while she was CEO.

When Bartz left, Yahoo still owned 40% of Alibaba. At the time, it was assumed by analysts that Yahoo s stake was worth $9 billion.

So, overall, just looking at Bartz s numbers, you would conclude:

- The core business s revenue declined under her watch

- But the core became much more profitable than compared to when she arrived

- She spent a little on M&A and buybacks but not much

- The real problem   at least for shareholders   was that Yahoo s stock price was flat for her tenure at the same time that the Nasdaq was booming.

Now let s examine how Yahoo s core business is doing under Marissa Mayer.

The day that Mayer was hired on July 16, 2012, Yahoo s stock price was $15.69. Today, it is $45.63, a 3x increase. Over that same time, the Nasdaq is up 71%. So, right away, you would assume that Yahoo s core business has improved under Mayer. But that s not true.

Here are the numbers:

- Yahoo s revenues in the last 12 months is $4.62 billion   down 8% since Bartz left.

- Yahoo s EBITDA in the last 12 months is $682 million   down 15% since Bartz left.

- Its share count is now under 1 billion, aiding the stock price.

- It has $8 billion in cash

- It has spent more than $2.5 billion on acquisitions including Tumblr, Flurry and the various acqui-hires

- Yahoo now has significantly reduced its stake in Alibaba to 384 million shares worth (at today s market price) $33 billion; had Yahoo retained its full stake in Alibaba when Bartz owned it (and just a reminder that Masayoshi Son of SoftBank never sold a share of Alibaba over the last 5 years), that 40% stake would be worth $86 billion today   that s not on Mayer, but it s on the Yahoo board because that decision was made between the time when Bartz left and Mayer arrived

Is Yahoo s core business better off today than it was under Bartz? It s smaller considerably. Is it better? Mayer s spent a lot of money on M&A (more than $2.5 billion vs. net zero for Bartz) but the business is still smaller. You would think a dollar of M&A would buy you at least a dollar of revenue, but a dollar of M&A for Mayer has not done anything to reverse the negative trends in revenue and EBITDA we ve seen since she arrived.

Yahoo s core business under Bartz did get smaller on the top line (down 30% from  08 to  11), but the company s profitability improved significantly. Both metrics have sagged under Mayer s watch.

Another way of looking at the performance of Bartz and Mayer is to compare the sum-of-the-parts valuation of Yahoo under both and what that suggests the perceived value was on the only part of Yahoo they controlled   the core business.

When Bartz left, Yahoo s market cap was $15.9 billion. It had $2.5 billion in cash. Their Yahoo Japan stake was worth $4.2 billion (assuming it got fully taxed). And their Alibaba stake was worth $6.1 billion (fully taxed). That means the core business was implied to be worth $3.1 billion under Bartz at the end net of those other assets.

Today, Yahoo s market cap is $42.4 billion. It has $8 billion in cash. Their Yahoo Japan stake is worth $6 billion fully taxed. Their Alibaba stake is worth $33 billion and won t be taxed as it will be spun out in the Fall. This suggests the core business is implied to be worth negative $4.6 billion. Yahoo! Inc, Springleaf Holdings Inc and More: Tricadia Capital's Picks ... Tricadia Capital is a $4 billion multi-strategy fund that was founded in 2003 by Michael Barnes and Arif Inayatullah. The firm gained notoriety a year later when Tricadia CDO Management became the first company from North America that did a synthetic Collateralized Debt Obligation (CDO) deal with Citibank. Prior to co-founding Tricadia, Mr. Barnes had several years of experience in credit strategies, having been employed in leading positions at UBS, PaineWebber, and Bear, and Sterns & Co. Mr. Inayatullah has over 25 years of work experience in the fixed income, equity and commodity, and currency markets, having been employed at Credit Agricole Indosuez, Broadstreet Group, UBS, and Drexel Burnham Lambert. Both Messrs. Barnes and Inayatullah are co-Chief Investment Officers at Tricadia.

The fund also appeared in the spotlights after the beginning of the last financial crisis, being one of the investors that shorted assets under CDOs. While many investors betting on the housing market supported losses, Tricadia managed to post gains of around 50 percent per year in 2007 and 2008, partially from its short positions. An interesting aspect of Tricadia s activity was that one of its units was responsible for picking mortgage assets under CDOs and was working with several banks, such as UBS. According to a Wall Street Journal article, a document for one of UBS s CDO s, titled  TABS 2007-7  and valued at roughly $2.3 billion, stated that Tricadia might have been making short bets against some of the assets included in the CDO. The CDO deal was closed several months later, resulting in big losses for the underwriters, but Tricadia posted great returns, even though its spokesperson denied shorting any assets under the  TABS 2007-7 .

In the years following the financial crisis, Tricadia Capital seems to be doing well, at least based on the performance of its equity portfolio. The fund s long positions in companies with a market cap of over $1.0 billion posted gains of 31.8% in the last 12 months, although this doesn t reflect the total picture of Tricadia s performance, since the fund does not disclose its short bets and many other investments that aren t subject to the Rule-13F. Nevertheless, let s take a look at some of Tricadia s most significant investments that have been disclosed in its latest 13F filing.

The main reason we do this is to show that a smaller investor can benefit from the experience that great fund managers have, even though many of the recent reports state that nowadays funds aren t capable of generating any alpha. It is true that many funds can t beat the market, which is confirmed by the 17% average cumulative returns of equity funds in the last three years, versus the S&P 500 ETF (SPY) s gains of around 60% during the same period (read more details here). However, it is not because money managers have lost their ability to find great investment opportunities, but rather because of the large amounts of capital in their Assets Under Management, which occasionally forces them to invest in ideas that they are not particularly fond of. Moreover, many fund managers invest primarily in large- and mega-cap stocks, which are widely followed and, hence, priced more efficiently. We determined that one of the possibilities that retail investors can explore by following the equity portfolios of larger funds is to focus on small-cap companies. Through backtests, we determined that a portfolio consisting of the 15 most popular small-cap stocks among the funds that we track outperformed the market by nearly 1 percentage point per month between 1999 and 2012, while since late 2012, the same system generated aggregate returns of 137%, beating the SPY by more than 80 percentage points.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) represents a new position, the investor reporting ownership of 295,000 shares in its latest 13F filing, valued at $14.90 million. So far the investment hasn t fared so well, as the stock declined by 12% during the first quarter. Even though the stock has been losing ground, many investors and analysts believe that the company is deeply undervalued. The company has an equity investment in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), worth slightly over $34 billion, which is more than 70% of the company s current market capitalization. After Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will complete the spin-off of the Alibaba stake, its remaining business will be traded at a significant discount, which is one of the reasons why many investors are bullish on the company. Among them are James Dinan s York Capital Management and Christian Leone s Luxor Capital Group, which both initiated stakes in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) during the fourth quarter. Marissa Mayer Shuffles Yahoo Leadership Team Photo

Marissa Mayer, Yahoo s chief executive, announced a major reorganization of the company s product teams on Friday, promoting the head of one recently acquired company and effectively demoting the chief of another.

Under the new structure, Simon Khalaf, the Internet company s data-spouting prophet of mobile, will become a senior vice president and oversee many of the company s consumer-facing products, including the Yahoo home page, its portals devoted to themes like sports and movies, and related Yahoo apps.

Mr. Khalaf joined Yahoo in July when it bought his mobile analytics company, Flurry, for about $300 million. Flurry, which offers data and advertising services to mobile app developers, has since become the core of Yahoo s efforts to compete with Google, Facebook and Twitter to persuade developers to use its tools. Mr. Khalaf, a rapid-fire speaker with a knack for presenting complex information simply and clearly, has become a crucial Yahoo ambassador to the outside world and played a starring role at Yahoo s recent mobile developer conference.

As part of the reorganization, the blogging platform Tumblr and its chief executive, David Karp, will report to Mr. Khalaf, according to an internal announcement made at Yahoo Friday morning.

Although Mr. Karp will remain part of the executive team, he will no longer report directly to Ms. Mayer, which he has done since he sold Tumblr to Yahoo for $1.1 billion in 2013. The move reflects Tumblr s struggles to broaden its appeal beyond its core audience of of artists, teenagers and 20somethings looking for a platform to express themselves. Tumblr has served as the technology behind Yahoo s digital magazines, but it has faced challenges in luring advertising. Tumblr s top ad executive, Lee Brown, recently left the company and joined BuzzFeed after Yahoo integrated Tumblr s ad sales with Yahoo s.

Mike Kerns, the senior vice president who previously oversaw Yahoo s home page and verticals, is leaving the company to pursue entrepreneurial opportunities, the company said in its internal memo. In a goodbye tweet, Mr. Kerns said that in his five years at the company, he had  learned a lot and met/worked with great people. Made a positive impact and can t wait to get to what s next. 

Two other executives are also taking on different roles.

Adam Cahan, who spearheaded Ms. Mayer s crash effort to remake Yahoo as a mobile contender, will now oversee the company s video efforts. Like other big Internet companies, Yahoo sees how eager mobile users are to watch video, and it is trying to figure out how to serve those desires and make money from them. Mr. Cahan, a trusted lieutenant to Ms. Mayer, will also focus on user interface and product design, a topic that Ms. Mayer takes special interest in.

Jeff Bonforte, who leads the company s e-mail and messaging products, will now supervise mobile apps in those areas. He will also oversee Flickr, the company s photo-sharing service.

A Yahoo spokeswoman declined to comment on any specific management changes but said in a statement,  As we continue to look at ways to accelerate our growth, aligning our product teams to enable tighter collaboration is critical to drive innovation and deliver consistent and enjoyable user experiences across all Yahoo products. In order to achieve that alignment, we made a number of organizational shifts to emphasize our focus on the growth businesses of mobile, social, native and video (aka  Mavens ). 

The tech news site The Information first reported many of the changes in an article this week. Small Cap Iridium Communications (IRDM): Still Ahead of Its Time? GSAT & ORBC The late 1990s predecessor of small cap Iridium Communications Inc (NASDAQ: IRDM) was ahead of its time and ended in bankruptcy, but much has changed since then - meaning its worth taking a closer look at the stock along with the performance of potential peers Globalstar, Inc (NYSEMKT: GSAT) and ORBCOMM Inc (NASDAQ: ORBC). I should mention that we have recently added Iridium Communications to our SmallCap Network Elite Opportunity (SCN EO) portfolio in part because its also a machine-to-machine (M2M) play that bridges the gap of communications connectivity between people and things in remote areas of the world.

What is Iridium Communications Inc?

Small cap Iridium Communications is the only satellite communications company that offers truly global voice and data communications coverage that is ideally suited for industries such as maritime, aviation, government/military, emergency/humanitarian services, mining, forestry, oil and gas, heavy equipment, transportation and utilities. The company s 66 low-Earth orbiting (LEO) cross-linked satellites, the world's largest commercial constellation, operate as a fully meshed network that is supported by multiple in-orbit spares. In addition, Iridium Communications  most rapidly expanding business segment is the M2M market and the two-way, satellite-based location, tracking and messaging market.

As for potential small cap peers, Globalstar, Inc is a leading provider of mobile satellite voice and data services (products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and flexible service packages) that benefit many land based and maritime industries with increased productivity from remote areas beyond cellular and landline service while ORBCOMM Inc offers a combination of global satellite and cellular services that form their global M2M solutions to track, monitor and control a variety of powered and unpowered assets in key vertical markets such as transportation and logistics, heavy equipment, oil and gas, maritime and government.

What You Need to Know or Be Warned About Iridium Communications Inc

To begin with, it should be mentioned that Iridium Communications  predecessor, Iridium SSC and its satellite mobile service, was launched on November 1, 1998 with great fan fair along with commercials or advertisements showing someone making a call while standing on top of a mountain. However and just nine months later on August 13, 1999, the company went into Chapter 11 bankruptcy.

Part of Iridium SSC s problem was that their system could not work as advertised until an entire constellation of satellites costing billions of dollars was in place. Moreover, the cost of the service was prohibitive for most consumers at the time, there was poor indoor reception and the handsets were bulky and expensive when compared to what was available from terrestrial cellular services.

Iridium SSC was taken over by an investment bank and ultimately remerged as publicly traded Iridium Communications in September 2009.

Late last February, Iridium Communications reported fourth quarter of 2014 and full year financial results. Fourth-quarter total revenue increased 2% to $100.5 million which consisted of $78.2 million of service revenue and $22.3 million of equipment, engineering and support revenue (Note: Service revenue represents primarily recurring revenue from the company s growing subscriber base). The company ended the quarter with 739,000 total billable subscribers compared to 664,000 for the year-ago period and 726,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. Total billable subscribers grew 11% year-over-year, driven by strength in M2M and commercial voice customers. Net income was $23.0 million verses $15.6 million.

For the full year, Iridium Communications  revenue increased 7% to $408.6 million and included $309.4 million of service revenue and $99.1 million of equipment, engineering and support revenue. The company reported net income of $75.0 million compared to net income of $62.5 million for the previous year.

The CEO commented:

"2014 was a strong year for Iridium, as we achieved many of our strategic objectives and exceeded our financial targets. We reached significant milestones in the Iridium NEXT program including successful qualification of most hardware components, testing our satellite platform software and completing the upgrade of our ground infrastructure around the world. We also successfully amended our credit facility and completed the related capital raise, strengthening our funding profile and giving us the needed flexibility to execute our operating plan. Our commercial M2M business grew service revenue and subscribers 19%, while our maritime business also performed well, with Iridium OpenPort revenue expanding 12% year-over-year. These are all important steps as we look ahead to 2018 and the transformational change we expect in our cash flow profile."

And:

"As we assess our prospects in 2015, we're excited to be entering the launch phase for our next-generation constellation. Our Iridium NEXT build remains on budget, and we have reconfirmed with our suppliers that the system is on track to be fully deployed in 2017. However, we've moved our first planned launch from June 2015 to October 2015, as our partner, Thales Alenia Space, needs the additional time to fully test the payload software before flight . When evaluating our 2015 financial outlook, we expect continued solid growth in our M2M, maritime and aviation business lines, but see pressure in our legacy voice business. We believe a strong dollar has softened handset sales in many places outside the U.S. in the last few months. Our long-range guidance remains unchanged, as future contributions from our U.S. Government business, the value of our Aireon joint venture, new products and the potential of Iridium NEXT broadband services all support a healthy service revenue trajectory. Overall, we have excellent long-term growth prospects and expect to execute against the key targets that ensure our success."

A look at Iridium Communications  long term results reveals revenues of $408.56M (2014), $382.65M (2013), $383.52M (2012) and $384.31M (2011) along with net income of $74.99M (2014), $62.52M (2013), $64.63M (2012) and $41.03M (2011) over the past four years. Iridium Communications is next scheduled to report first-quarter 2015 financial results on Thursday, April 30, 2015 at 8:30 am.

Finally, it should be mentioned that Iridium Communications has a trailing P/E of 15.04 and a forward P/E of 14.93 and no dividend according to Yahoo Finance data.

Share Performance: Iridium Communications Inc vs GSAT & ORBC

On Thursday, small cap Iridium Communications fell 2.09% to $10.30 (IRDM has a 52 week trading range of $6.12 to $10.66 a share) for a market cap of $971.87 million plus shares are up 3.4% since the start of the year, up 37.1% over the past year and up 20.5% over the past five years. Here is a look at the long term performance of Iridium Communications compared with small caps Globalstar, Inc and ORBCOMM Inc:

As you can see from the above chart, Iridium Communications has been a flat performer while shares of Globalstar, Inc have been more volatile and ORBCOMM Inc has drifted off its early 2014 highs.

Finally, here is a look at the latest technical charts for all three small caps:

The Bottom Line. At the very least, small cap Iridium Communications might just be worth a closer look given its now an M2M play but investors should also remain mindful of the company s past.

SmallCap Network Elite Opportunity (SCN EO) has an open position in IRDM. To find out what other open positions SCN EO currently has, and to learn why so many traders and investors are relying on this premium subscription service, click here to find out more. 
2015-04-16
Microsoft and Yahoo Agree to Amend Search Partnership SUNNYVALE, Calif. & REDMOND, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) announced that the companies amended their search partnership to improve the search experience, create value for advertisers and establish ongoing stability for partners. The update reaffirms commitments made by both companies in the original 2009 agreement, while implementing changes to keep the partnership strong and productive, with both companies committed to maximizing the alliance.

 Our global partnership with Yahoo has benefited our shared customers over the past five years and I look forward to building on what we ve already accomplished together,  said Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft Corp.  Our partnership with Yahoo is one example of the diverse partnerships we ll continue to cultivate in order to have the greatest impact for our customers. 

 Over the past few months, Satya and I have worked closely together to establish a revised search agreement that allows us to enhance our user experience and innovate more in our search business,  said Marissa Mayer.  This renewed agreement opens up significant opportunities in our partnership that I m very excited to explore. 

The update includes improvements in two core areas. First, Yahoo will now have increased flexibility to enhance the search experience on any platform, since the partnership is non-exclusive for both desktop and mobile. Yahoo will continue to serve Bing ads and search results for a majority of its desktop search traffic.

Second, the update increases agility and sales focus. Microsoft will become the exclusive salesforce for ads delivered by Microsoft s Bing Ads platform, while Yahoo will continue to be the exclusive salesforce for Yahoo s Gemini ads platform. Integrating the sales teams with those responsible for engineering will allow both companies to service advertisers more effectively. Microsoft and Yahoo plan to begin to transition managed advertiser sales responsibilities this summer.

The partnership, formed in 2009 by both CEOs  predecessors, established a transformative relationship between the two companies -- one where Microsoft exclusively provided paid and algorithmic search services on PC to Yahoo. The alliance also designated a revenue sharing agreement where Microsoft pays Yahoo a percentage of Bing Ads revenue delivered from Yahoo searches. This existing underlying economic structure remains unchanged with today's updates.

About Microsoft

Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is the worldwide leader in software, services, devices and solutions that help people and business realize their full potential.

About Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

This press release contains forward-looking statements (including without limitation the quotations) about Yahoo s strategic and operational plans, the amended search partnership and its ability to improve search experience, create value for advertisers, provide stability to partners, allow more innovation in search, and allow both parties to service advertisers more effectively. Risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from the results predicted. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the risk that the expected financial and other benefits of the amended search partnership with Microsoft Corporation may not be realized. All information set forth in this press release is as of the date of this press release. Yahoo does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. More information about potential factors that could affect the Company s business and financial results is included under the captions  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, which is on file with the SEC and available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in those sections in Yahoo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, which will be filed with the SEC in the second quarter of 2015. Yahoo perks: Free medical clinic, coffee shops on every floor   even goats!  Yahoo Mail's Contact Cards Get More Rapportive-Like With LinkedIn And Twitter ... Yahoo Mail s smart  contact cards  have been updated today to include support for Twitter and LinkedIn information. Through Yahoo s partnerships with these two social services, the contact cards, which appear when you hover over a person s name in a message, can now display a person s most recent tweets in addition to company, title, phone number and more.

Contact cards were first rolled out as an enhancement to Yahoo Mail in March, following competitor Google s revamp of its own Google Contacts service. The idea behind these cards   a system which is being powered by an earlier Yahoo acquisition called Xobni   is to offer additional data about the person you re emailing with by pulling in relevant information from outside sources as well as from your own inbox.

For example, the cards automatically update to include a contact s current phone number, which is extracted from past emails.

With the new Twitter and LinkedIn integrations, Yahoo says that it s now able to pull in names for email addresses as well as profile photos. It will display links to these social profiles, in addition to Facebook and Yahoo s photo-sharing service Flickr, which were previously supported.

With the Twitter integration in particular, a search in your inbox for a contact s name will display that person s tweets on the search results page. This same information will appear on their contact details page, too.

The update makes the contact cards feature more competitive with LinkedIn s own email plug-in Rapportive, which similarly displays a contact s information in your inbox, including their name, title, company and various social profiles. However, LinkedIn s product is only compatible with Gmail, which is likely why the company agreed to open up access to Yahoo.

However, the additions actually make Yahoo s overall system a bit more robust than that of Gmail inbox using LinkedIn s Rapportive. Now, not only does Yahoo Mail have the additional social profile data and recent tweets to display, a search for a contact also includes features that Rapportive lacks, like the ability to see who s often cc:ed on an email with that contact, or files that person has recently emailed you.

Of course, for Yahoo s system to work properly, the email address of the person you re checking out needs to be the one they ve associated with their social profile. Users will also need to authenticate with Twitter and LinkedIn through Yahoo Mail s  Settings  section where the various social services can be connected. Vouch: A new lender that judges borrowers by their 'social network' A new lending startup called Vouch has been getting a lot of buzz for the unique way it vets potential borrowers. Rather than focusing solely on traditional criteria like FICO scores, debt levels, and income, Vouch lets borrowers prove their creditworthiness by getting friends and coworkers to  vouch  for them.

The folks who vouch for you (called 'sponsors') become a part of our Vouch 'social network' and have a big impact on how much you are allowed to borrow and how low your interest rate will be.

Becoming a sponsor does not come without risks, however. When you agree to vouch for someone, you decide how much money you are willing to front if they fall behind on their payments. The average loan sponsor commits $110, according to the company. From that point, the vouch system is a lot like cosigning a loan   the sponsor signs a contract and agrees to pay whatever amount they have vouched for if the borrower falls behind. The advantage of this model versus traditional cosigner rules is that if the borrower misses payments, the cosigner won't be on the hook for the entire loan, only what he originally vouched for

 When somebody receives an invitation to join a borrower s vouch network, it s a very personal thing,  says Vouch CEO and co-founder Yee Lee.  We re asking people to put their money where their mouth is, and at the same time, Vouch has found a mechanism that lets people safely talk about the topic of a loan with friends and family. 

It s become much more difficult to qualify for loans in the years since the financial crisis. Not only have lenders tightened their lending standards, but people who fell on hard times during the downturn or incurred lots of debt to get by may not look like good loan candidates.

Their business model harkens back to the good old days of banking, when a customer could waltz into their local bank and secure a loan based on how trustworthy they seemed.

But of course, when it comes to new financial services today, nothing is ever as simple as it seems.

While Vouch does take a borrower s vouch network into account, it still uses traditional underwriting practices like checking FICO scores, credit history, and income levels. As of now, they will not loan to borrowers with FICO scores under 600, Lee says, and they must be current on all of their existing credit accounts. These could be pretty prohibitive standards, especially for people who have a history of missed debt payments.

[Get the Latest Market Data and News with the Yahoo Finance App]

View photos Source: Vouch More

Even Vouch sponsors themselves have their credit history reviewed before vouching for a loan candidate (this is a  soft  credit inquiry, so their credit scores won t be impacted, Lee says). However, Vouch will not share private information about the borrower with the person who has vouched for them. People vouched for by sponsors who have a longer, healthier credit history are more likely to secure a loan and a bigger loan than someone who s been vouched for by someone with a thin credit file.

 We really do try to make everybody cognizant of exactly how the relationship is going to work,  Lee says.  If you join as a sponsor...you're going to get statements and you re going to know if the loan is delinquent or not. If the person really does end up going into default, you are going to be responsible. Be very careful about what amount you [vouch for]. 

Read More 
2015-07-21
Very Little To Like About Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stock Charts Rick Pendergraft: Over the last 2   years, the tech sector has been on a nice steady climb higher. The Internet sector has been climbing as well, but the ride has been a little choppier than the tech sector as a whole.

Even though the Internet group as a whole has been climbing, not all stocks have joined the party. Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is one stock in particular that hasn t been participating, especially over the last eight or nine months.

Since peaking in November, Yahoo has been in a downward sloped trend channel that has seen the price of the stock fall over 30% at its low. The stock is attempting to rally, but it appears that will only take it up to the upper rail of the channel.

Yahoo stock also faces potential resistance from its 50-day moving average, which is between the current price and the upper rail of the channel. It is also concerning that the stock is quickly approaching overbought levels on the daily chart.

The weekly Yahoo stock chart offers very little to refute the bearish picture offered up on the daily chart, with the 13-week moving average recently making a bearish crossover of the 52-week moving average.

It is also worth noting that the trend line that represents the upper rail of the trend channel is basically right on top of the 13-week moving average. The only thing on the weekly chart that is remotely encouraging about Yahoo is that it is bouncing a little, and that brought the stock out of oversold territory.

The monthly chart offers additional bearish ammunition that stems from the stock falling below the $43.50 level recently. That area served as the post-bear market high when it hit there in late 2005 to early 2006. The stock moved through that resistance last fall, but has now fallen back below it and that is concerning.

The monthly oscillators have been falling, but they are barely below the 50 level and have a ways to go before they hit oversold levels.

What is surprising is that despite the falling stock price, investors and analysts are still relatively bullish on the stock. The short interest ratio is currently at 2.0, and the number of shares sold short fell from 41.1 million to 31.92 million in the past month. Even with short sellers buying their short positions back, the stock hasn t been able to rally significantly.

Analysts are also rather bullish, as 25 have it rated as a  buy  and 16 have it rated as a  hold.  None of the analysts following Yahoo have the stock rated as a  sell .

Given the bearish picture the charts are presenting and the bullish sentiment, I look for Yahoo stock to continue falling. I would look to short between $39 and $41.50 and I would set a target of $32.50 at the very least. As for setting a stop, if the stock closes a week above its 13-week moving average, that would be the sign for me to get out of the trade.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Rick Pendergraft from Wyatt Research. Investor Eyes On Apple Watch, iPhone Sales As Tech Earnings Hit It s been tagged  trillion-dollar tech Tuesday  because of the cumulative market capitalization of the technology companies that are opening their quarterly books today.

S&P 500 constituent Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is likely the domineering player with a market cap of $747.7 billion as of Monday s close, thanks to a 40 percent surge in its stock over the last 52 weeks. The maker of all things  i  reports after Tuesday s bell.

Analysts reporting to ThomsonReuters are looking for fiscal Q3 per-share earnings of $1.79 compared with last year s comparable $1.28. Revenues, driven primarily by iPhone sales, are forecast to jump nearly 32 percent to $49.31 billion. Apple did not provide earnings guidance in April but did project revenues to range from $46 billion to $48 billion.

Check out all earnings updates with TD Ameritrade...

The iPhone is the power behind Apple s growth and the iPhone 6 and the larger-screen iPhone 6 Plus are the big drivers, generating nearly 70 percent of Apple s revenue in the prior quarter. Though summer tends to be a tough sell for on-the-market iPhones  everyone s waiting for the next model before buying analysts think this quarter could be an outlier.



FIGURE 1: SPX RECORD: DOES APPLE HAVE THE JUICE? The S&P 500 (SPX) was flirting with fresh record highs ahead of its constituent Apple s (AAPL) post-close earnings report. The pending report leaves Wall Street wondering if SPX s next leg lies solely with Apple s performance? Data source: Standard & Poor s. Chart source: TD Ameritrade s thinkorswim  platform. For illustrative purposes only. Past performance does not guarantee future results.

Trump Card Is China

China has embraced the latest iPhone version in record droves, sales data show. But given the economic woes there and the unpredictably worsening stock market, analysts are worried that any negative news for Apple could be China-based. Some industry analysts are predicting iPhone 6 sales will slow throughout the remainder of the year.

Analysts also will be picking apart the first look at sales for the Apple Watch, for which Apple has not offered a peep of insight. This is the firm s first iteration of the smartwatch and many have agreed with CNET.com s description of it as more of a  fashionable toy than a necessary tool.  Let s see.

See more earnings updates here...

Listen for commentary about next-generation products, which is what could keep the stock s upward trajectory investors have become accustomed to.

Tech Rings In From All Over

Search engine and content creator Yahoo (NASDAQ: YHOO) is also on the after-hours docket. The stock has plunged some 22 percent so far this year and analysts are bracing for a sharp decline in earnings.

The real news will be in how the tech company plans to spin off its $30 billion stake in China-based Alibaba (NASDAQ: BABA), which it announced last week. The e-commerce spinoff will become part of a new firm, to be called Aabacoa Holdings that will own about 15 percent in the Alibaba Group and what the company described as a  newly formed entity (that) will own Yahoo Small Business,  according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The last time Yahoo unloaded half of its investment in Alibaba, it got hit with a hefty tax bill to the tune of $2 billion. No one wants to see that happen again. Yahoo expects to clear out the deal once the expiration of its lock-up pact ends in the fourth quarter. No one knows what the company will do with the money nor has the company explained what the small-business unit will do.

Meanwhile, analysts are looking for per-share income of $0.18 on topline sales of $1.03 billion. They re really looking forward to hearing how the onetime boss of search is going to remain relevant in a world dominated by Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and with Microsoft nipping at its heels.

Speaking of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), it s on our radar today too. Analysts look for Mr. Softy to report income of $0.56 a share on sales of $22.06 billion, a near 6 percent drop year over year. It s another tech leader that s looking to reposition itself from a PC-based software giant to a cloud- and mobile-based leader.

It s not been an easy path and the company is hoping its July 29 free upgrade to Windows 10 will pave the way to a broader customer base for enterprise- and cloud-based services. Options traders are looking to potentially capitalize on the buzz: Microsoft volatility is up, trading in the 73rd percentile early Tuesday, according to TD Ameritrade s thinkorswim  platform.

I d Wait In Line For This

The earnings blast drops us in at Chipotle (NYSE: CMG). The Mexican fast-casual hangout that touts its fresh ingredients is expected to turn out top-line sales of $1.22 billion, up 16 percent year-over-year, with a whopping 27 percent hike in per-share income of $4.46, according to Thomson Reuters  survey.

Some of this is attributable to a price hike because of the skyrocketing costs of beef. Same-store comparable results are expected to rise 6 percent, which would be considered robust under normal circumstances. It s unclear how much of the same-store sales growth is attributable to the price increases, however, which means that management s conference call will be as important as always. The same can be said for all firms reporting. Remember, as we look to dollar impact, commodities ripples, and more, what s coming ahead is typically more important than a quarter that s already in the books.

Posted-In: Tech

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. The Biggest Tech Rally Since October Just Hit a Brick Wall The biggest technology rally since October was knocked cold, as disappointing earnings reports punished Microsoft Corp. and gave Apple Inc. its biggest loss this year.

Five days after Google Inc. s earnings spurred the largest one-day wealth creation by any U.S. stock, computer and software shares are tumbling. Apple, Microsoft and Yahoo! Inc. retreated on disappointing results. Apple, the world s most valuable company, slid 4.9 percent, wiping almost $40 billion from its value.

Hopes were high for the industry as earnings season began, with technology shares leading a rebound in U.S. equities after overseas tensions eased. The Nasdaq Composite Index rallied to an all-time high on July 17 after Google surged 16 percent, adding $65 billion to its market capitalization.

 The expectation coming into Apple earnings was  boy, they re going to lift all boats!   said Kevin Caron, a Florham Park, New Jersey-based market strategist at Stifel Nicolaus & Co., which manages about $170 billion.  There s general earnings weakness across the board for the S&P. 

The Nasdaq 100 Index declined 0.7 percent at 10:21 a.m. in New York. The index yesterday halted an eight-day rally of 7.5 percent that pushed it to a 15-year high.

Cracks in the facade appeared before Tuesday. Intel Corp., kicking off earnings by the largest U.S. technology companies last week, said it expects the personal-computer market to fall further than expected, spotlighting the challenges for chipmakers. International Business Machines Corp. dropped 5.9 percent Tuesday after sales fell for a 13th quarter.

Earnings Forecasts

At the start of the year, analysts forecast the technology sector would deliver a 13 percent increase in profit during the second quarter, according to a Bloomberg survey. Those expectations were lowered to a 2.4 percent gain as of July 17.

Apple slid after iPhone shipments for the fiscal third quarter and the company s revenue forecast for the current period missed analysts  projections, raising questions over whether demand for the device has peaked.

 There s general earnings weakness across the board for the S&P 

The hit to market cap would rival the second-biggest in the company s history, after a $59.6 billion drop on Jan. 24, 2013. The stock lost $39.5 billion in value on Jan. 28, 2014.

Apple s share slide today sparked a selloff in the iPhone maker s suppliers: Cirrus Logic Inc. and Skyworks Solutions Inc. lost 7.9 percent and 4.3 percent, respectively, while Avago Technologies Ltd. and NXP Semiconductors NV slumped more than 4.3 percent.

Apple Recovery

Apple had recovered almost 10 percent in the past two weeks leading up to earnings, after being pushed to the brink of a correction. The shares dropped 9.7 percent from an all-time high in February through July 9, erasing $83 billion of market value, amid concern a rout in China s market would leave consumer with less money to buy gadgets.

Yahoo fell 1.7 percent after forecasting sales in the current quarter below analysts  estimates, a sign Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer s turnaround effort is still a work in progress.

Microsoft slid 1.8 percent following its largest-ever quarterly net loss, hurt by a $7.5 billion writedown after the purchase of Nokia s handset unit failed to rescue the company s mobile business.

Read this next: Can Marissa Mayer Turn Yahoo Around? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

36:55 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Tech Stocks Sink on Apple; Commodity Rout Resumes, Dollar Gains Apple Inc. s disappointing forecast sent technology stocks lower around the world, while a drop in commodities to a 13-year low dragged down mining shares. The dollar rose on the prospects for higher U.S. interest rates.

The Nasdaq 100 Index slid 1.1 percent at 4 p.m. in New York as Apple Inc. s revenue forecast missed analysts  estimates. The Standard & Poor s 500 Index slid 0.2 percent. The dollar climbed to almost a four-month high, reinvigorating a selloff in commodities currencies, as housing data bolstered confidence in the U.S. economy. Oil approached a bear market and gold dropped below $1,100 an ounce.

While Apple s 4.2 percent slide wiped more than $30 billion from its value, and its results hit shares of suppliers worldwide, positive results from Boeing to Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. tempered declines in the S&P 500. BHP Billiton Ltd. and Rio Tinto Group, the world s biggest mining companies, slumped as the selloff that started in gold spread to every part of the metals industry.

 Investors are cautious because some of the bigger names have missed expectations,  Robert Pavlik, who helps oversee $9.1 billion as chief market strategist at Boston Private Wealth.  The two giants reporting is what s causing the weakness today. Earnings season really isn t that bad. 

American Express Co. is among 27 S&P 500 companies releasing results on Wednesday. Of the companies in the gauge that have reported, 74 percent have beaten profit estimates, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Housing Data

A report Wednesday indicated sales of existing U.S. homes climbed 3.2 percent to an eight-year high in June, while prices rose to a record. That bolstered the case for higher interest rates, sending the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index higher by 0.3 percent, close to the highest since March.

The greenback advanced versus Norway s krone, the Brazilian real and the dollars of Canada and New Zealand on speculation sliding commodity prices will necessitate further stimulus in resource-exporting nations.

Commodities producers around the globe tumbled as the selloff in the assets spread from gold to copper and tin, which fell as much as 4.9 percent. The Bloomberg Commodity Index of 22 raw materials resumed declines, falling 1.1 percent to the lowest since June 2002.

Bullion for immediate delivery slipped 0.9 percent to $1,091.51, while futures sank 1.2 percent in the U.S. in the longest declining streak since 1996.

Goldman Sachs Group Inc predicted gold may drop below $1,000 an ounce, underscoring a structural bear market in commodities.

Negative Feedback

 We think we are in a structural bear market, not only in gold, but across the commodity complex,  said Goldman s Jeffrey Currie.  The individual commodity stories are reinforcing to one another, creating a negative feedback loop. 

West Texas Intermediate crude retreated 3.3 percent to settle at $49.19 a barrel, the lowest close since April 2. The grade has fallen almost 20 percent in six weeks. Brent slipped 91 cents to end at $56.13.

The disappointing technology results knocked cold the biggest rally for the Nasdaq 100 since October, and left Apple with one of its worst-ever slides in market value just five days after Google Inc. s earnings spurred the largest one-day wealth creation by any U.S. stock.

Hopes were high for the industry as earnings season began, with technology shares leading a rebound in U.S. equities after overseas tensions eased. The Nasdaq Composite Index rallied to an all-time high on July 17 after Google surged 16 percent, adding $65 billion to its market capitalization.

 It seems that the expectations are a little bit too high on the tech sector,  said Benno Galliker, a trader at Luzerner Kantonalbank AG in Lucerne, Switzerland.  The last weeks have been pretty good for the markets and everyone was a little over excited so it seems we re going to be a bit more cautious over the next couple of days. 

Supplier Selloff

Apple s forecast sparked a selloff in the iPhone maker s suppliers: Cirrus Logic Inc. and Skyworks Solutions Inc. slid at least 4.5 percent, while European chip supplier Dialog Semiconductor Plc slumped 5.2 percent and Infineon Technologies AG lost 6.3 percent. China s AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. and Taiwan s Compal Electronics Inc. tumbled at least 6 percent.

Microsoft Corp. dropped 3.9 percent after the company reported its biggest-ever loss. Yahoo! Inc. lost 1.4 percent after forecasting sales in the current quarter below analysts  estimates. 
2015-05-21
Blackstone seeking $525M for old New York Times office space Blackstone Group is selling the Manhattan offices that once housed the New York Times after completing renovations and signing new tenants including Yahoo! Inc., said a person with knowledge of the plans.



Blackstone is seeking about $525 million, or more than $1,000 a square foot, for the top 12 floors of the 102-year-old property, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the planned sale is private.



The New York-based firm bought the office portion of the 16-story building at 229 W. 43rd St. in 2011 for $160 million. It invested $105 million in renovations aimed at luring Internet and communications companies to the property, which had been the headquarters of the New York Times from 1913 to 2007. Yahoo leased four floors in 2013.





article continues below advertisement

Yahoo has since leased an additional floor and will have branding on the building later this year, said Carolyn Clark, a spokeswoman for the Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company.The office condominium being sold by Blackstone totals 479,000 square feet.Christine Anderson, a spokeswoman for New York-based Blackstone, declined to comment. The plans were reported late Tuesday by Real Estate Alert, an industry newsletter.The retail portion of the building, totaling 250,000 square feet, was sold earlier this month to Kushner Cos. for $296 million. The seller was a partnership between Africa Israel USA and an affiliate of Five Mile Capital Partners. 
2015-10-26
Bob Lord Joins Yahoo as New Chief Information Security Officer SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced today that Bob Lord will join as the Company s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). Lord brings more than twenty years of significant experience in the information security space, including most recently as the CISO-in-Residence at Rapid 7. Prior to that, Lord led Twitter s information security program and held positions in product and information security at companies like Red Hat, AOL, and Netscape.

Yahoo is committed to protecting their users  security and maintaining their users  trust. Yahoo offers users encrypted products, provides an end-to-end encryption plugin on GitHub for Yahoo Mail, offers two-factor authentication, and recently launched Yahoo Account Key, which allows users a fast and secure way to access their Yahoo accounts.

Lord will lead Yahoo s security team -- known as the Paranoids -- in offensive and defensive protection of the Company s more than one billion users around the world, and for Yahoo s employees globally. Lord will work closely across all of the Company s teams and collaboratively within the industry to ensure that Yahoo continues to provide the highest level of security possible to their users.

Stay tuned for updates from Lord around Yahoo s continued efforts to protect user security.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Yahoo Delivers Over 33.6M Streams of the First Free Global Live Stream of an ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and the National Football League (NFL) announced today that the first free, global live stream of a regular season NFL game reached over 33.6 million total views across all devices on Yahoo and Tumblr. On Sunday, October 25, the Buffalo Bills faced off against the Jacksonville Jaguars, live from London s Wembley Stadium. A truly historic event, this was the first time users could access the NFL s premium content globally, without cable, authentication or TV, and over 15.2 million unique viewers tuned in.

Football fans streamed over 460 million total minutes of the game, with 33% of streams coming in internationally, across 185 countries worldwide. More than 30 top brands partnered with Yahoo to kick off this new era of sports programming, making this a sold out event.

 It s been a great opportunity to partner with the NFL and deliver a truly exceptional global live streaming experience for our users,  said Adam Cahan, Yahoo s SVP of Product and Engineering.  We re seeing a dramatic shift in the industry as audiences  primary video watching moves away from TV. We were thrilled to join the NFL in setting a new standard for sports programming for our users and advertisers. 

 We re thrilled with the results of our initial step distributing an NFL game to a worldwide audience and with the work of our partner, Yahoo,  said Hans Schroeder, Senior Vice President, Media Strategy, Business Development & Sales for the NFL.  We are incredibly excited by the fact that we took a game that would have been viewed by a relatively limited television audience in the United States and by distributing it digitally were able to attract a global audience of over 15 million viewers. 

Across the 33.6 million streams and 15.2 million unique viewers, Yahoo brought fans a leading technical experience, performing with an average rebuffering ratio of nearly 1%, while delivering over 8.5 petabytes to end users. The stream reached HD levels, with max bitrates over 6.74 Megabits (Mbps) per second and 60 frames per second (fps).

The Bills/Jaguars game lasted three hours and 15 minutes, kicking off at 1:35 GMT and ending at 4:50 GMT. Jacksonville defeated Buffalo 34-31.

ABOUT YAHOO

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Under pressure: Might Marissa Mayer jump ship too? A number of recent high-level executive departures at Yahoo! Inc. suggests that company s turnaround under CEO Marissa Mayer is rapidly losing momentum, little more than three years after she took over the reins.

The most recent names to abandon ship were corporate development head Jackie Reses, who is taking up a role at financial services firm Square Inc., just days after Lisa Licht, a senior marketing executive, also threw in the towel. These two names are part of a growing list of executive departures at Yahoo! compiled by Re/Code s Kara Swisher, spanning almost all of its key departments from sales to engineering.

Of course executives in Silicon Valley switch their jobs with abandon all of the time, and so the departures at Yahoo aren t necessarily suggestive of any storms brewing. But then again, the last time a high profile tech company began dropping executives like flies, it wasn t long before it was acquired for a whopping $67 billion, so the situation at Yahoo also cannot be ignored.

The problem is these upheavals come at a time when shareholders are growing restless over the company s stalled turnaround effort. For all the fanfare and acquisitions in the early days of Mayer s reign, the company has struggled to drive any significant growth. And the Yahoo brand is still looked upon with disdain by the overwhelming majority of the  millenials  it said it was trying to attract.

Admittedly Yahoo s stock price has doubled since Mayer took over as CEO, but most analysts believe that s only due to its huge 15 percent stake in China s e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Limited. A closer look at at Yahoo s financial performance reveals that its revenues have been flat for years, while its adjusted earnings before taxes and depreciation are equally uninspiring. Moreover, the company missed on earnings in its most recent financial quarter, with $0.17 per share of net income, down from $0.52 per share a year ago.

These results suggest that Mayer s strategy of focusing on new efforts in mobile and with platforms like Tumblr and native advertising has largely failed. Now, one can t help thinking Mayer has switched her focus to the planned spin-off of its 15 percent stake in Alibaba, which she and Yahoo s shareholders desperately want to make tax free.

In public Mayer is still bullish on Yahoo s prospects, but she s also said the Alibaba spin-off could happen in as little as two months, by January 2016, even though the IRS has refused to give its blessing to the move. But even if Yahoo does have to pay some tax, the shareholders should still be happy enough that Mayer will be able claim her tenure at the company was a successful one   perhaps, just before she makes her own hasty departure and lets someone else try to kickstart the company s stalled  turnaround . Google Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X Review: Google's Best Smartphones Yet For years, fans of Google s Nexus smartphones have raved about the phones  affordability, their sleek design, and their lack of bloatware (which Samsung, LG, and others install on their Android handsets).

Still, Nexus phones have always had a couple of nagging problems   especially their subpar cameras   that have held them back. Google s new Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X could change that.

Starting at $499 and $380, respectively, the 6P and 5X offer the same features that have made Google s Nexus brand so popular, as well as two of the best cameras you ll find on a smartphone. As a result, Google s 6P and 5X aren t just for Nexus diehards.

Attractive designs

The Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X are two very different devices, geared toward two very different types of people. The 5.7-inch 6P is built for buyers who want a premium, big-screen smartphone, while the 5.2-inch 5X is geared more toward those in the market for an affordable, easy-to-hold handset.

Outside, the Nexus 6P features an all-aluminum body that s cool to the touch. Upfront, the 6P gets a pair of stereo speakers that manage to put most Bluetooth speakers to shame. Around back, the 6P gets a strip of clunky-looking plastic along its top edge that breaks up the handset s otherwise slick metal frame.

Below the camera is the 6P s rear-mounted fingerprint reader. I was initially skeptical about its location, but it actually makes a lot of sense: My index finger naturally landed on the reader whenever I picked up the phone. With the Galaxy S6 s fingerprint reader, which is located on its home button just below its display, I regularly have to reposition the phone in my hand. With the 6P, that s not the case.

Whereas the Nexus 6P is made of metal and glass, the Nexus 5X is built of lightweight plastics. Despite that, the handset feels impressively solid. There s no creaking or flexing here at all.

Like the Nexus 6P, the 5X comes equipped with front-facing stereo speakers and a rear-mounted fingerprint reader. Unlike the 6P, though, the 5X doesn t get that ugly strip across its camera.

The big-screen Nexus 6P measures 6.3 x 3.1 x 0.29 inches and weighs 6.3 ounces, making it about the same size and weight as the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus. Samsung s 5.7-inch Galaxy Note5, on the other hand, is shorter and lighter.



Measuring 5.8 x 2.9 x 0.31 inches and weighing 4.8 ounces, the Nexus 5X is larger but lighter than the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s, but smaller than Samsung s 5.1-inch Galaxy S6.

Bright, beautiful displays

The Nexus 6P s 5.7-inch AMOLED display packs a 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution   the same screen setup found on Samsung s Galaxy Note5. The iPhone 6s Plus, meanwhile, offers a 5.5-inch, 1920 x 1080 Retina HD display.

All three of those handsets produce crisp, clear visuals. In terms of color quality, the Nexus 6P s panel falls between the two other handsets: Its colors are more vivid than those of the iPhone 6s Plus, but a bit duller than the Note5 s.

Read More 
2015-07-14
Analyst Slashes Price Targets for Facebook Inc (FB), Twitter Inc (TWTR), Yahoo ... Five-star analyst Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research Group came down hard on four big player internet stocks on July 13 when he cut his price targets for Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), and Google Inc(NASDAQ:GOOGL).

The analyst s price target cuts stems from  the higher cost of capital incorporated into equity market valuations vs. [his] last round of quarterly updates in April,  which he believes  in general should have a depressing effect on valuations. 

Despite lowering his price target for Facebook from $107 to $105 and Twitter s price target from $50 to $41, Wieser still maintains a Buy rating on both stocks.

He specifically pointed out his optimism on Facebook s growing traction with advertisers, noting,  We have incorporated raised expectations for the company given ongoing traction with various segments of advertisers that should help Facebook [capture] a growing share of digital advertising budgets. 

Wieser has rated Facebook a total of 17 times, earning a 93% success rate recommending the company and a +39.0% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark.

Wieser is also positive on Twitter s business but believes the company has been most affected by higher capital costs. He cites that  a disproportionate share of current period value is dependent on discounted value of future cashflows. 

The analyst has rated Twitter 16 times total, earning a 58% success rate recommending the stock and a +9.2% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark.

Wieser maintained his Hold rating on Yahoo! and cut his price target on the stock from $49 to $42. Aside from the high cost of capital, the analyst attributed his neutral rating and lower price target on Yahoo to Alibaba s recent drop due to the fall of the Chinese economy. Yahoo has been planning to spin off its stake in Alibaba by Q4 2015 and with the recent drop in the stock, Weiser sees Yahoo as a  slightly higher risk. 

The analyst has rated Yahoo a total of 13 times, earning a 100% success rate recommending the stock and a +35.4% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark.

Wieser did not maintain his rating for Google like he did for the others, however, downgrading the stock from Buy to Hold and significantly cutting his price target from $640 to $570. The analyst anticipates the company s Q2 revenue to come in lower than Q1 as a result of foreign exchange headwinds. While Weiser forecasts  +12% growth in revenue  for the quarter and  +12% full year growth (both as reported, after currency effects),  his  model incorporates slightly upticked operating margins on the quarter and the year, but slight declines over longer time-frames.  He also notes that  capital expenditures remain a significant wild-card in valuing Google, although the question is really how much capex rises with each passing year rather than whether it will go up and down over time. 

Weiser has rated Google a total of 9 times, earning a 100% success rate recommending the company and a +9.9% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark.

Brian Weiser has an overall success rate of 82% recommending stocks and a +19.6% average return per recommendation when measured over a one-year horizon and no benchmark. FanDuel Raises the Stakes on Daily Fantasy Sports A major selling point of daily fantasy sports is how little commitment they require. You just play for a day and walk away.

For the companies hoping to dominate this fast-growing market, however, it's anything but a short-term, low-stakes gamble, as events of the few days show. On Tuesday, FanDuel, the best-established daily fantasy provider, announced that it had secured $275 million in new venture funding, with KKR, Google Capital, Time Warner Investments and Turner Sports all participating in the round. Although the company didn t disclose the valuation attatched to the new funding, the Wall Street Journal reports it to be $1.275 billion.

FanDuel s major rival, DraftKings, is also said to be on the verge of announcing a massive new funding round that would give it a comparable war chest and valuation. Both moves follow closely on the heels of Yahoo, by far the biggest player in traditional season-long fantasy sports, launching its own daily offering.

Yahoo s entry came as a significant surprise to many, not least to the people running FanDuel and DraftKings. I interviewed FanDuel CEO Nigel Eccles in January for a story in our Best Industries package, and asked specifically whether he was worried that Yahoo, ESPN or CBS would make a play of their own for the hundreds of millions of consumer dollars pouring into daily fantasy sites. Eccles predicted they wouldn t because FanDuel (and DraftKings) had an insurmountable head start and because media companies don t want to be in the business of handling payments. He pointed out that those companies had all been reluctant initially even to accept advertising from FanDuel, worrying that it was too close to gambling.

Indeed, that squeamishness is reportedly the reason Disney walked away from a plan to invest $200 million in DraftKings, even though much of that money would have flowed right back into its coffers in the form of guaranteed commitments to advertise on ESPN properties. Typically, a major investor pulling out of a deal might scare off other parties, who would view it as a red flag. That DraftKings was reportedly able to replace Disney s stake in the round with new pledges from Fox News and other investors is a sign of how frenzied the daily fantasy space has become. Skyscanner Makes A Play for Japan With Yahoo Japan Joint Venture Looking to expand in Japan, the world s third largest travel market, flight-search engine Skyscanner and Yahoo Japan announced a joint venture, and they plan on contributing a relatively meager $2.5 million to kick things off.

Under the terms of the Skyscanner (51 percent) and Yahoo Japan (49 percent) joint venture, the two companies say they will operate the site independently from their own operations and will share board duties. Skyscanner currently runs Skyscanner.jp from Singapore, and the joint venture is now looking for a CEO and a location for a Tokyo office.

The new flight search site hopes to leverage Yahoo Japan s user base of 80 million daily unique visitors. U.S.-headquartered Yahoo Inc. is an investor in Yahoo Japan.

In turn, Skyscanner will provide its technology to Yahoo Japan and will power flight search on Yahoo Japan sites.

Skyscanner Japan, which hasn t launched yet, will be a separate site.

The size of the joint venture investment   $2.5 million   is very modest considering the resources of the parties. Yahoo Japan has a market cap of $22.34 billion; Skyscanner reported 93 million British pounds (about $145.3 million at today s exchange rates) in 2014 revenue.

Travel companies commonly face the question of how to expand beyond their home markets. In China, Skyscanner went the acquisition route in 2014, acquiring fellow metasearch site Youbibi. In Japan, Skyscanner hopes a joint venture with Yahoo Japan will be the answer. Like Google, Yahoo Wants to Reinvent Search Without the Search Bar Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, a former Google search exec. Credit: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg

Yahoo and Google were among the first companies to let people scour the web by typing some words into a search box. Now both companies are building a new kind of search for mobile that aims to do away with the query.

Earlier this month Yahoo updated its Aviate app that lets Android owners customize their phones' home screens by adding a feature called Smart Stream. Smart Stream aims to function as someone's personal assistant, anticipating whatever information a person might need and making it available on the phone's home screen.

Like Google's personal assistant app Google Now, Smart Stream pulls information from various apps on a person's phone like their calendar and location, as well as other signals. For example, if something is plugged into the phone and the person has a conference call scheduled in one minute, Smart Stream would determine that headphones were likely plugged in for the call and automatically show the phone number to call when the person checks the Smart Stream screen on their phone.

For both Yahoo and Google, these personal assistant apps are bets on the future of search. As people start searching more often on their phones while on the go, they may be more impatient about getting to whatever information they're after. Typing out some words and scrolling through a list of links may not take that long, but technology is about making people's lives easier, including making the tasks they need to complete quicker. So as web search improved on the need to pull out a phone book or go to the library to look up information, these personal assistant apps aim to improve on the need to tell the computer what information you want to look up.

"When we think about Smart Stream, we're answering the question of what do you want to do next," said Paul Montoy-Wilson, a former Google product manager who co-founded Aviate before selling the app to Yahoo in January 2014 and now serves as product manager of Yahoo Aviate.

To answer that question, Smart Stream accesses a phone's location history, app usage patterns, calendar information and search history, Mr. Montoy-Wilson said. The app also takes into account how people use Smart Stream to recalibrate what information appears to be of most interest to an individual when using the personal assistant.

"For example, let's say we predict you want to go to a movie this weekend, so we surface the upcoming movies this weekend in a theater nearby. We can see: did you engage with that card, and then not only did you engage with it but what movie did you click on, and not only what movie did you click but did you click to view a trailer or buy a ticket. All of that data helps us to personalize that experience for you," Mr. Montoy-Wilson said.

That's not all that different from Google Now, which can do similar things, like telling someone when they need to leave to catch a flight or show up for a restaurant reservation by factoring in traffic data, as well as the individual's calendar. And Google is building on Google Now with Now on Tap, which can stretch beyond Google Now app to show relevant information while using other apps.

However, one area where Yahoo's Smart Stream can diverge from Google Now is its use of the information tied to a person's Yahoo account.

"If you're a Yahoo Mail user, we'll begin to surface interesting cards based off of your email. If you have a flight coming up, surfacing flight-related information. If you have a package arriving soon, surfacing when that package is going to arrive and allowing you to track it," Mr. Montoy-Wilson said.

How Yahoo's Smart Stream will translate into revenue remains to be seen. Neither Google Now nor Yahoo's Smart Stream feature ads, and letting brands mess with someone's personal assistant might be a dodgy proposition. However, being able to anticipate what someone wants still has value for companies like Google and Yahoo that operate large ad-tech businesses charged with aiming brands' ads at the right audience.

"Effectively, anticipatory computing is trying to understand the intent of the user before you type in a query. If you understand the intent of search, it's a huge business," Mr. Montoy-Wilson said. Yahoo is plastering US cities with billboards that are the exact opposite of ... Yahoo is not letting bad memories deter it from an outdoor marketing blitz.

The Internet company has begun plastering ads for its service throughout San Francisco and in several other US markets.

The new ads appear to have begun popping up on bus stops, giant overhead billboards and even elevator screens in the last few days.

A Yahoo spokesperson declined to comment on the marketing campaign, including how much money Yahoo is spending, other than to provide a statement that  at Yahoo, we are constantly exploring opportunities to connect with and engage our users. We are currently running advertising in select US markets. 

Some readers may recall that Yahoo launched a big marketing campaign in 2009 when Carol Bartz was CEO. The company spent $100 million on the campaign based around the  It s You  tagline.

The ads failed to increase Yahoo s market share or its revenue and Yahoo eventually fired its ad agency.

Bartz later acknowledged that the campaign didn t really have "a good call to action,  and then spent an additional $75 million to $85 million on another marketing campaign that also failed to revive the company s fortunes.

The new ads take a bare bones approach. There are no pictures of putative Yahoo users doing happy things, or clever catchphrases. In fact, the ads show nothing but the Yahoo logo on a purple background with the words  for mobile  appended in very small letters at the bottom, alongside the logos for the Apple and Google app stores.

Boosting Yahoo s mobile business has been a major focus of CEO Marissa Mayer, who took the reins in 2012.

The company will provide an update on its mobile efforts and its overall business next Tuesday when it reports its second quarter financial results. Perhaps Yahoo will also provide some details about the goals and the budget of this latest marketing push. Shhh: How to Mute Tabs in Chrome Using a little-known trick in Google Chrome, you can quickly quiet a noisy background browser tab without leaving the current page.



To do so, just follow the steps outlined in the video above to enable Chrome s (fairly well-hidden) Tab Audio Muting setting. Once that s done, the little icon you normally see on a tab indicating that audio is playing will transform into a handy mute button.

(Note: The Tab Audio Mute setting is one of Chrome s many experimental features. Read Google s disclaimer at the top of the  chrome://flags  page in Chrome for more information.)

This tip works on all versions of the Chrome Internet browser: Windows, Chrome OS, and Mac.

Even if you don t use Chrome, you may be getting similar functionality in your browser soon: The next version of Safari (packaged with OS X El Capitan) will offer a Mute Tab audio button, and there is even some indication that Microsoft is adding the same kind of feature to its new Edge Web browser (which will be built into the upcoming Windows 10 PC operating system).

In the meantime: Happy muting to all our Chromies out there!

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.

For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Greece May Have to Sell Islands, Ruins Under Bailout Deal This article is published in partnership with Time.com . The original version can be found here .

By Simon Shuster @shustry

Of all the aspects of Monday s bailout deal that Greeks found humiliating, nothing drilled into their sense of pride quite like their government s promise to sell off  valuable Greek assets  to the tune of 50 billion euros. The seven-page agreement, which European leaders thrashed out over the weekend, made no mention of where Greece is supposed to find that much property to sell. But as they scrambled for options, officials in Athens saw no way around the blood-curdling prospect of auctioning off Greek islands, nature preserves or even ancient ruins.

 It s an affront,  says Georgios Daremas, a strategist and adviser to the Greek Ministry of Labor, Social Security and Social Solidarity.  It s basically saying sell the memory of your ancestors, sell your history just so we can get something commercial for it,  he tells TIME on Monday.  This is an idea to humiliate Greeks. 

The idea of locking up Greek assets in a special fund emerged on Saturday from Germany, the biggest and one of the least forgiving of the creditor-nations involved in the talks. In order to guarantee repayment on loans to Greece, the German Finance Ministry even suggested moving the titles to Greek assets to an  external fund  in Luxembourg so that Athens could not renege on their sale. On this point, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras managed to fight off the Germans on Sunday, though it was one of the very few concessions he managed to get during the marathon talks.

 The deal is difficult, but we averted the pursuit to move state assets abroad,  Tsipras said in trying to put a positive spin on the bailout, which would see Greece take more than 80 billion euros in additional loans in order to stave off bankruptcy over the next three years.

Greek payments on its two previous bailouts were also meant come in part from the sale of state assets. Under the terms of its first bailout in 2010, Greece agreed to privatize around 50 billion euros in property and infrastructure as a way of raising money for its creditors. But only 3.2 billion euros have come from these sales to date. So Germany and other creditors have good reason to doubt the Greek commitment to privatization.

Going forward, Greece will have to stash its assets in a specially created fund and prepare them for sale  under the supervision of the relevant European Institutions,  according to the text of the bailout agreement published on Monday . Asked what kinds of assets the fund would include, Dutch Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem, one of the key European negotiators in the bailout talks, said  experts  would be brought in to settle this question.  I won t give you any examples, because it s not my specialty,  he told reporters in Brussels on Monday.

Most of the examples would have to come from the government s land and real estate holdings, says Daremas, the government official in Athens.  That may include buildings, possible areas of land, and even islands,  he says. To protect the natural, historical and archaeological value of such real estate, Greece would need to pass laws and empower oversight bodies to make sure that  the new owner does not abuse or damage the property,  says Daremas.

Since Greek islands and plots of land often house ruins from ancient civilizations, some of these may also have to be sold, he added.  Maybe some archeological sites that are not developed,  Daremas says.  But if you have this as a private investment you also have to assume responsibility for developing the site, of course being monitored by [Greek] authorities. 

There are, of course, limits to the privatization of ancient artifacts. The treasures of Greek antiquity, such as the Acropolis in Athens, would never be sold, Daremas says.  That s impossible. Their value is immeasurable. 

The idea of selling the Acropolis came up early in Greece s debt crisis. In 2010, two conservative German lawmakers caused a furor in Greece by suggesting that ancient ruins should not be off limits to privatization.  Those in insolvency have to sell everything they have to pay their creditors,  Josef Schlarmann, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s political party, said at the time. Since publishing those remarks, the Bild newspaper, Germany s most popular tabloid, has continued to irritate Greeks by asking why the Acropolis cannot be sold to repay debts to Germany.

 This is black humor,  says Natalia Kosmidou, a tour guide at the Acropolis in Athens.  The Germans must have had too much beer.  Although the last five years of economic turmoil have forced Greece to rely on private donors and foreign foundations to help pay for the maintenance and restoration of the Acropolis, Kosmidou says,  the Greek state will always own these monuments, even as the poorest pauper, even penniless. 

Greece has at least been willing to discuss the sale of its islands, however, as many of them are uninhabited and underdeveloped. Joseph Stiglitz, the Nobel-prize winning economist who has spoken out in favor of debt relief for Greece, says the sale of islands could be an important part of the broader privatization campaign.  You could sell them,  he says.  But not a fire sale, because that would be like giving away your patrimony for nothing. 

That would mean waiting until the property market in Greece recovers.  Of course real estate prices are depressed right now,  says Daremas.  It s very important to have time, and to wait for change in the economic climate to be able to sell them at a fair price.  The Greek promise to sell state assets came with no time limit in the text of the agreement published Monday. But in their hunger for guarantees on this latest package of loans to Greece, creditors in Germany will not be happy to wait much longer. Does Google's Ad Network Discriminate Against Women? Updated

Google s motto is  Don t be evil,  and one could argue that for the most part, it has lived up to that goal. But a new study says that the algorithm behind the company s ad-targeting network may be inadvertently discriminating against women.

A new paper published by researchers from Carnegie Mellon University and the International Computer Science Institute   originally reported by MIT Technology Review   looked at ads served up on third-party websites using Google s ad network.



It found that when users identified themselves as males, the ad network was more likely to display an advertisement on the site for a career-coaching agency promising executive positions offering $200,000 salaries. Female users, on the other hand, were more likely to see ads for a  generic job posting service and an auto dealer. 

How did they figure this out?

The researchers discovered the disparity using a program called AdFisher, which simulates users  Web-browsing habits. They then used Google s Ads Settings tool   a service that lets you control the kinds of ads you see based on your demographic and browsing habits   to set the gender of the simulated user to either male or female.

Prior to performing the test, they made sure the only difference between the male and female simulated users was their gender. All other browsing habits and demographics were the same.

Using AdFisher, they had 500 simulated male users and 500 simulated female users browse the same job-hunting sites. The researchers then had the same simulated users visit the Times of India s website, where the career-coaching ad appeared.

The Barrett Group of Warwick, R.I., placed the career-coaching ads shown mostly to men in these tests.

When the testing was completed, AdFisher found that the simulated male users saw significantly more ads for the career-coaching service than the simulated females. The males were shown the ad 1,852 times, while the women were shown it just 318 times. And that could have some legal implications   including potential inquiries from the Federal Trade Commission to determine whether discriminatory practices were at play.

What s an advertising algorithm?

A key question in this conversation, though, is whether the advertiser chose to target ads for the career-coaching service at men, or if Google s ad-serving software was at fault. To figure that out, it helps to know how Google s ad network serves up ads.

Read More 
2015-06-06
Gordon is one to watch in 2018 One of the top young post players in the Midwest is power forward Carte'Are Gordon . The class of 2018 standout is already earning offers but has an open mind as he looks forward to going through the recruiting process.

A 6-foot-7 power forward from St. Louis (Mo.) Vianney, Gordon is a strongly built 240-pounder with a solid game. He posts with power, he's comfortable finishing with either hand around the rim and has soft touch when he faces the rim out to the free throw line.

Gordon is also very confident in his ability.

"What I do well is I am a back-to-the-basket player," Gordon told Rivals.com. "I go get boards, I run the floor, I block shots, I make the right pass and just do the things a good post player does and I feel like I do them very well.

"I think I'm a little more versatile than the average post player."

Gordon credits both the coaches at Vianney and his personal trainer, Alex Bazzell, for helping him develop.

"I was always athletic and my high school coaches have helped a lot with the skill work," Gordon said. "A lot of it is just getting into the gym and working. I also work out with Alex every morning and it's been good for me."

North Carolina, Virginia, After averaging 14 points and eight rebounds as a freshman, Gordon has been strong on the grassroots circuit with Team Ramey. He has earned offers from Kansas State Missouri and Illinois to go along with interest from programs like Kansas Stanford , St. Louis and Wisconsin

The offers and attention have meant that Gordon has to start thinking about his recruitment at an early age, but he and his family's main priority is keeping an open mind and looking to the future.

"We think about it a little, but not much," said Gordon. "It's a blessing to have the offers that I have but you never know what can happen in the future. I just want to have an open mind so that I can make a good decision when the time comes." Say Goodbye to Yahoo Maps; Yahoo shuts the service after 8 years Share this: Reddit

Facebook

Twitter

Google

LinkedIn



Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) has decided to halt its eight year old maps services in June 2015. This is a big step and one of the spokesperson from the company said that they want to change the trajectory of their business keeping it aligned with their overall future goals.

The resources of the brilliant Yahoo Maps team, will be adding value to other new businesses of Yahoo. Marissa Mayer, CEO of the company is trying to reap more profits by shutting down some services and focusing on services that are doing well. This way they are trying to create better opportunities for their employees and using their skills in something more substantial.

While Yahoo is one of the premier search engines, it is Google Maps that is used widely. Yahoo is on the verge of shutting down more than 60 products for the last two years. This downsizing helps them focus on fewer businesses only. The priorities are absolutely clear to the team and management and they even discontinued really old businesses like Yahoo Directory and Pages too. The maps site is going down by the end of this month, but it will work with a few products like Flickr and search results.

The spring cleaning will give the company a new direction as the company will focus on content, communication tools and search business more. The internet company started way back in 1995 and in 20 years, it has seen a lot of growth. But few services needed to be slashed since a very long time and many of you would not have even heard about them.

We just hope that not many users will miss this service, as there are many way better alternatives out there. Goodbye Yahoo maps, you helped us all in the last eight years.

Any memory you would like to share about Yahoo Maps? Let us know in the comments below. 
2015-08-12
Yahoo's Alibaba stake is worth $12 billion less than when spinoff was announced Yahoo Inc. s spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. can t happen fast enough for its investors.

The 384 million shares of Alibaba that Yahoo still owns is worth about $1.96 billion less than it was on Tuesday, as the Chinese e-commerce giant s stock BABA, -0.38% tumbled 6.6% in morning trade Wednesday in the wake of disappointing fiscal first-quarter results.

Since Yahoo announced plans to separate its Alibaba stake in a tax-free spinoff nearly seven months ago, the value of that stake has been slashed by nearly $12 billion, from $39.53 billion at the Jan. 27 closing price of $102.94, to $27.74 billion at the recent price of $72.24.

Even worse for investors, Yahoo s market valuation has declined by $1.82 billion in one day, according to FactSet, and by $13.01 billion since the spinoff was announced, as the fate of Yahoo s stock YHOO, +0.15% appears to be closely tied to the value of its Alibaba stake.

Yahoo investors can t wait till the Alibaba stake is spun off

Alibaba s stock has plunged 30% since Jan. 27, putting it on track to close at the lowest level in its 11-month history, while Yahoo s stock has tumbled 29% over the same time. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.68% has gained 1.2%.

Yahoo s stock slumped 5.4% on Wednesday, and was headed for the lowest close since July 22, 2014.

The spinoff was originally expected to occur during the fourth quarter. Yahoo warned investors last month, however, that its proposal for a tax-free spinoff might still be rejected by U.S. or Chinese tax regulators. Verizon Ditches Contracts: How It Compares to Other Carriers Now Say goodbye to two-year smartphone contracts. Yes, the Faustian pacts we used to sign   under which your carrier would help pay for your phone in exchange for a two-year commitment   are quickly being replaced by plans with no contracts and no subsidies.

The latest carrier to bid adieu to the two-year contract is Verizon, which recently announced that it will replace the phone subsidies with something like an installment plan: You ll pay full price for your phone, but you can do so in smaller payments over time.

What does all that mean, and how does Verizon s plan compare to those from other carriers? Let s take a look.

Verizon s new plan

Here s how Verizon s new plans work: You pick a new phone   an iPhone 6 with 16GB of storage, say. Instead of paying $199 up front for the phone (as you d have done in the past), you ll pay $27.08 a month for 24 months, for a total of about $650.

What s more, in place of a two-year contract that had you pay $90 per month for 3GB of data, Verizon is introducing a new group of plans that come in small, medium, larger, and extra large varieties.

In this case, the bottom-tier plan gets you 1GB of data for $30 per month, while the tier above that gets you 3GB of data for $45 per month. The top two plans provide 6GB of data for $60 per month and 12GB of data for $80 per month, respectively.

So if you buy a new iPhone and want to get 3GB of data per month, you ll end up paying $27.08 per month for the phone and $45 per month for the data. Oh, there s also a $20 per month  access fee  for each smartphone on your plan (of course), bringing the monthly bill to $92.08.

Under the old plan, by contrast, you d have paid $90 per month for 3GB of data, plus $199 up front for the iPhone 6.

So the new plan is only a bit more expensive each month, and it gives you the option to leave Verizon whenever you want (as long as you completely pay off whatever balance you might owe for the iPhone). You can also upgrade your phone after 18 months, instead of waiting a full 24.

Single-line plans, compared

How does Verizon s new plan compare to those offered by AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile? Great question.

AT&T: Like Verizon, AT&T offers an installment plan agreement. Under the Next 18 program, you ll pay no money down and $27.09 over 24 months for a new iPhone, with the option to trade in the phone for a new one after 18 months.

A 3GB data plan with AT&T costs $65 per month, which means your total monthly bill would come out to $92.09 per month   a penny more than Verizon.

However, AT&T is also retaining its two-year contract plans. So you could still, if you want, pay $199 for that new iPhone and $80 per month for 3GB of data. The downside is that you can t upgrade the phone until your two years are up.

Sprint: It offers three types of plans if you want to buy a new iPhone.

Under the installment plan, you ll fork over $27.09 per month for 24 months for the phone itself, plus $60 per month for unlimited data, for a total of $87.09 per month. (While that unlimited plan might sound good, remember that Sprint s network isn t nearly as built-out as Verizon or AT&T s.)

You can also get a regular two-year plan: $199 for your iPhone 6 plus $85 per month for unlimited data.

Finally, you could lease your iPhone 6 for $20 per month for 24 months, then exchange the phone for a new one. Add that to the $60 for unlimited data, and you pay $80 per month for your iPhone. The downside is that your iPhone isn t yours when the 24 months are up.

Read More Reversible USB Charging Cable Works With Your Current Phone, Beats USB-C to ... MicFlip/Indiegogo

The solution to USB cable irritation is on its way. It s called USB Type-C, and unlike every awkward USB version before, it can be plugged in any way you like   right-side up, upside down, whatever. Of course, since only a few devices so far have been released with USB-C ports, adoption may take a while.

So, as a Band-Aid fix for your charger plug-in fumbling, here comes MicFlip.

Spotted by Gizmodo, MicFlip is  the world s first  reversible micro USB cable, and it will work with most every Android or Windows smartphone released in the last handful of years.

The point of the cable is to bring simple USB-C plugability of the future to current micro-USB smartphones, which are of course on track to become extinct. Still, seeing as the company s Indiegogo page indicates that orders will be shipping next month, we don t see why this $15 cable, which will instantly  fix  your brand new Galaxy S6 s charging port, isn t worth paying for.

Another startup looking to bring universality to the smartphone USB is Micro-Flip. Though its reversible USB cable is set to ship a month later than MicFlip s, a pledge for one on its Kickstarter page (also priced at $15) will also get you an adapter that turns any micro-USB plug into a reversible one.

Micro-Flip/Kickstarter

The crowdfunding campaign for MicFlip has pulled in over $75,000, surpassing its funding target more than 10 times over, while Micro-Flip has so far raised more than $17,000   beating its own goal by over 2,000 bucks.

With USB-C compatibility surely coming to most new smartphones moving forward (possibly including the iPhone), we can t say that these startups look to have much staying power. But again, that shouldn t stop you from snagging one of their cables and making the remaining time you have with your current phone more pleasant.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! This courtroom sketch of Tom Brady is absolutely frightening (Photo) New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady arrives at federal court, Wednesday, Aug. 12, 2015, in New York. Brady and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell are set to explain to a judge why a controversy over underinflated footballs at last season's AFC conference championship game is spilling into a new season. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)

Ahhhh!

We're fans of abstract expressionism, and art in general, here at the Shutdown Corner, but this is one of the strangest renditions of a man   any human being   we've ever seen.

Tom Brady was in a federal court hearing in New York on Wednesday to try to help settle this deflate-gate matter between Brady, the NFLPA and the league. While Brady was there, the courtroom artist, Jane Rosenberg, drew a picture of him, as courtroom artists are wont to do.

[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football: Sign up and join a league today!]

But does this look anything like Brady?

This is no doubt the worst sketch of Tom Brady ever created pic.twitter.com/mFuHjfF3kS   Jeff Israel (@jeffisrael25) August 12, 2015

Where to begin ...

This makes the old New England Patriots logo look like a runway model. Brady, who happens to be married to a (former) runway model, also is a pretty good-looking guy in his own right, but this makes me think he's part alien with his weathered skin, uneven eyes and nasty scowl imparted by said artist. This is in the running for being harsher than anything Eli Manning or Roger Goodell has done to Brady.

It's unconfirmed at this point, but sources say Goodell is leaning toward suspending Rosenberg four games for violating the league's substance use policy.

The reports out of New York, based on what Judge Richard Berman said, appeared to indicate it was a strong first day of hearings for Brady and his camp. But based on this picture   something inspired by Edvard Munch maybe?   makes it look like the quarterback was having the worst day of his life.

Guessing this sketch doesn't end up on the Brady-Gisele mantle anytime soon. Wow.

But now, a postscript: Rosenberg spoke with the New York Times (and a few other media organizations) and apologized for her work.

 I m getting bad criticism that I made him look like Lurch,  she said, referring to the Addams Family character.  And obviously I apologize to Tom Brady for not making him as good-looking as he is. 

Of course, one could argue that she left Brady in the lurch with such a rendering, but we won't draw any conclusions.

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-09-28
Yahoo Unveils New Technology Offerings at Advertising Week NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc (NYSE:YHOO) today announced key updates to its advertising technology portfolio at Advertising Week in New York:

BrightRoll is Yahoo s new, unified brand for programmatic advertising technology, offering a suite of media-agnostic tools to help advertisers, publishers and partners connect with consumers across ad formats and devices.

is Yahoo s new, unified brand for programmatic advertising technology, offering a suite of media-agnostic tools to help advertisers, publishers and partners connect with consumers across ad formats and devices. Yahoo Gemini, the company s proprietary marketplace for search and native advertising across devices, introducing new product features and the Yahoo Preferred Partner Program.

Over the past year the company has focused heavily on product development, and is bringing together the strengths of Yahoo, BrightRoll and Flurry to build a robust technology offering that simplifies the overall experience of digital advertising and drives measurable results for advertisers. This technology is integrated with Yahoo s unique data insights, including 165 billion daily events from more than one billion people worldwide and Flurry mobile app behavior from 2 billion devices, enabling Yahoo to target the right audience across devices and deliver greater brand impact for advertisers.

 Yahoo is building a strong portfolio of solutions to help advertisers connect and engage with consumers through the combination of data and technology,  said Prashant Fuloria, Senior Vice President of Advertising Products at Yahoo.  We ve made significant investments to integrate Yahoo s targeting and measurement capabilities into BrightRoll s programmatic tools to provide more control, more transparency, and ultimately better results. 

BrightRoll

Yahoo has unified all of its programmatic advertising technology under the BrightRoll brand. Since acquiring BrightRoll in December 2014, the company has focused on building an open, media-agnostic suite of programmatic buying and selling tools to help advertisers, publishers and partners grow and measure their business. As one of the leading programmatic advertising technology offerings in the marketplace, BrightRoll powers digital advertising for 99 of the AdAge Top 100 advertisers and half of the comScore Top 50 publishers.

The BrightRoll DSP drives efficient programmatic buying for video, display and native advertising, leveraging exclusive access to Yahoo data and unique insights from one billion people and 165 billion daily data events to target the right audience.

drives efficient programmatic buying for video, display and native advertising, leveraging exclusive access to Yahoo data and unique insights from one billion people and 165 billion daily data events to target the right audience. The BrightRoll Exchange seamlessly connects buyers and sellers of high-quality video and display inventory, including Yahoo properties and other premium publishers. The exchange is integrated with 100 DSPs and enables access to thousands of sites and apps via RTB, private marketplaces and programmatic direct.

Yahoo Gemini

Today Yahoo Gemini introduced a new custom audience feature that enables advertisers to leverage their own data alongside Yahoo data to efficiently retarget audiences across devices. As Yahoo s proprietary marketplace for search and native advertising across devices, Yahoo Gemini helps advertisers target, reach and engage relevant audiences to drive measurable results.

In addition, Yahoo recently launched the Yahoo Preferred Partner Program, connecting advertisers with a community of innovative, advertising technology and service providers, including Acquisio, ChannelAdvisor, Dealer.com, DrivenLocal, Fiksu, Kenshoo, Marin Software, Sprinklr and Tealium. The program is designed to bring more search and native demand to the Yahoo Gemini marketplace and driving improved results for both partners and advertisers. Partners are selected as part of the Yahoo Gemini Certification Program to ensure their commitment to quality and client service.

To learn about Yahoo s media-agnostic, programmatic advertising technology solutions, please visit www.brightroll.com. More information on Yahoo Gemini can be found at https://advertising.yahoo.com/Blog/.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Yahoo Climbs After Company Says Alibaba Spinoff Is on Track Yahoo! Inc. shares climbed after the company said it was on track to spin off its stake of about $22 billion in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. this year.

Yahoo s board authorized the spinoff, even though the U.S. Internal Revenue Service declined to grant the company an advance ruling blessing the deal, Yahoo said in a filing Monday. While the agency is stepping up scrutiny of such transactions, the company is going forward with the plan, which was announced in January, after the IRS indicated a decision isn t likely to be retroactive.

The shares rose 2.4 percent to $28.26 at the close Tuesday in New York, leaving the stock down 44 percent this year. Alibaba rose less than 1 percent to $57.82.

Yahoo shareholders still could be  on the hook for any tax liability should the IRS challenge Yahoo s interpretation of tax treatment,  Rob Sanderson, an analyst at MKM Partners, said in note to investors. But risks to the deal are already accounted for in Yahoo s stock price, he wrote. Sanderson has a buy rating on the stock with a 12-month price target of $43.

Mayer s Plan

Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer, seeking to address doubts on Wall Street about how she s managing the company s assets, is aiming to spin off the roughly 15 percent stake in China-based Alibaba and potentially save about $9 billion in taxes. Analysts have questioned for months whether the tax issue would stop Mayer from completing the proposal.

 Neither this ongoing guidance project nor the IRS s decision not to rule with respect to the Aabaco spinoff transaction changes the current law applicable to the proposed spinoff,  Yahoo said in a filing, referring to the corporate entity that will be spun off.

Yahoo also noted that an IRS official indicated this month  that any future guidance issued as part of the project would not apply retroactively to transactions completed prior to the issuance of such guidance. 

Small Business

Yahoo said Aabaco Holdings Inc., the spinoff, will be listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol AABA. The company will include the small business unit of Yahoo as part of the transaction.

Sarah Meron, a spokeswoman for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo, didn t return a voice mail seeking comment.

 Yahoo has made it pretty clear in the past that it wants to spin off Alibaba s shares,  said Tiffany Feng, an analyst at BOC International Holdings Ltd. in Hong Kong.  There is some level of concern that Yahoo might want to sell the shares in the long run. 

A lockup restriction on Yahoo s stake expired earlier this month. Samsung Pay vs Apple Pay vs Android Pay: Which Should Replace Your Wallet? I have a wallet problem. Between my credit cards, debit cards, loyalty cards, and driver s license, the slab of old cowhide I stuff into my back pocket every morning is just too thick. I m honestly one piece of paper away from my wallet exploding like George Costanza s.

That s where mobile wallet apps come in. Designed to hold virtual versions of your credit, debit, and loyalty cards, mobile wallet apps will eliminate the need for us to carry around traditional wallets. At least, that s what companies like Apple, Google, and now Samsung are promising.

Today, Samsung officially unveiled its competitor to Apple Pay and Android Pay. But before you decide to trade in that mouldering hunk of leather and go virtual, there are a few things you need to know.

The first thing you re probably asking yourself is,  How secure are these mobile wallets?  The answer is that they re probably more secure than your actual wallet. When you make a payment using a mobile wallet, it doesn t use your debit or credit card number; instead, it employs a randomly generated number assigned to your card called a token. These tokens change with each transaction you make, so no one can duplicate them. That s a lot safer than a traditional credit card, which if lost or stolen can be used multiple times before you get around to cancelling it.

What s more, if you lose your phone, you don t have to worry about someone using your credit card, because your card number isn t stored on your handset. Each of these mobile wallets also requires you to use a password or your fingerprint to pay for items, so there s even more security keeping your card safe.

However, mobile wallets come with some sizable gotchas. For one thing, they re only available for smartphones released in the last year or so. And not all banks, credit cards, wireless carriers, or stores support all of these mobile payment options.

Are mobile wallets ready to really replace your actual wallet? I tested each of these three mobile wallet apps to find out. While each has its benefits, only Samsung s is truly ready for prime time, thanks to its wide support among merchants.



Samsung Pay

Samsung s aptly named Samsung Pay service is the newest of the three major mobile wallets, so I ll start with it first.

Samsung Pay uses two technologies to allow you to pay for things almost anywhere you go: NFC (near-field communication) and MST (magnetic secure transfer). NFC uses a special chip in your phone that lets it communicate with NFC-enabled payment terminals.

(How would you know? Most NFC-enabled terminals have some kind of signage indicating they use the technology. The problem is, only a small percentage of retailers have payment terminals that support NFC.)

That s where MST comes in. This is the same technology that regular credit card readers use. So you can use Samsung Pay at any nearly credit card swipe terminal in the U.S.   making it the most widely accepted mobile wallet on the market. No one else comes close.

Read More Tyrann Mathieu calls out 49ers' 'simplified' passing game GLENDALE, AZ - SEPTEMBER 27: Free safety Tyrann Mathieu #32 of the Arizona Cardinals celebrates after an interception during the second quarter of the NFL game against the San Francisco 49ers at the University of Phoenix Stadium on September 27, 2015 in Glendale, Arizona. (Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images)

The Arizona Cardinals didn't strain hard to crack the San Francisco 49ers' offensive code.

What gave it away? The 47-7 final score in Week 3? Colin Kaepernick's four interceptions, including back-to-back pick-sixes to open the game? The 156 yards and 10 first downs the Niners mustered?

According to Cardinals defensive back Tyrann Mathieu, the Niners have made things so vanilla it was easy to dissect their passing game.

Arizona's Tyrann Mathieu, postgame: "Their passing game has been simplified so much, it was easy for us to anticipate routes."   Bruce Jenkins (@Bruce_Jenkins1) September 28, 2015

This is damning for Kaepernick, the 49ers, offensive coordinator Geep Chryst and head coach Jim Tomsula. True: Some teams get overly complicated in this league, and it is   as they say   as much about the Jimmy's and Joe's than it is the X's and O's.

To a point, that is.

If it's so simple that a third-year defensive back is openly calling out a division rival's scheme, something isn't right. The 49ers got the season off to a rousing start with the Week 1 win over the Minnesota Vikings, who have won their past two games. But the Niners have lost their past two since then and have been quite hot and cold offensively thus far this season, with Sunday's display completely the latter.

- - - - - - -

Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Eric_Edholm 
2015-11-06
Ben Carson said he was offered a full scholarship to West Point, but never applied Politico reported Friday that Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson did not   as he has claimed repeatedly   receive a full scholarship to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.



In fact, Carson s campaign admitted that not only was the former neurosurgeon not accepted into the prestigious military academy, but he never actually applied. This concession came after Politico obtained evidence from a West Point spokesperson that the academy has no record of Carson s application or his admission   calling into question a key piece of the presidential hopeful s personal history.

 Dr. Carson was the top ROTC student in the city of Detroit,  Barry Bennett, Carson s campaign manager, told Politico.  In that role he was invited to meet General Westmoreland. He believes it was at a banquet. He can t remember with specificity their brief conversation but it centered around Dr. Carson s performance as ROTC city executive officer. 

In his book,  Gifted Hands,  Carson describes a 1969 meeting with Gen. William Westmoreland   fresh off four years of directing the U.S. military strategy in Vietnam   that Carson said resulted in being offered a  full scholarship  to West Point.

 He was introduced to folks from West Point by his ROTC supervisors,  Bennett continued in his email to Politico.  They told him they could help him get an appointment based on his grades and performance in ROTC. He considered it but in the end did not seek admission. 

Presidential candidate Ben Carson speaks at the Republican debate held by CNBC in Boulder, Colo., last month. (Photo: Rick Wilking/Reuters)



It has also been noted by Politico and others that there is technically no such thing as a  full scholarship  to West Point, as the military covers the costs of all who are admitted to the elite academy.

The West Point spokesperson told Politico it s entirely possible that Westmoreland spoke to the 17-year-old Carson and perhaps encouraged the young ROTC student to consider applying to the academy. However, Politico questions whether that fabled encounter with the famous general even took place.

According to  Gifted Hands,  Carson met Westmoreland in Detroit following the city s Memorial Day parade, in which he d been chosen to march. But Politico notes that U.S. Army records of Westmoreland s schedule suggest that the general was in Washington on Memorial Day 1969 and did not make any trips to Detroit around that time.

Carson has hardly shied away from discussing his supposed West Point scholarship offer on the campaign trail. He defended the claim as recently as August 13 in a Facebook post in which he answered questions from supporters. In response to a question from someone named Bill who  wanted to know if it was true that I was offered a slot at West Point after high school,  Carson wrote,  Bill, that is true. 

 I was the highest student ROTC member in Detroit and was thrilled to get an offer from West Point,  he continued.  But I knew medicine is what I wanted to do. So I applied to only one school. (It was all the money I had.) I applied to Yale and thank God they accepted me. I often wonder what might have happened had they said no. 

Carson himself has not yet responded to the damning Politico report, but Republican rival Donald Trump wasted no time before expressing his excitement, tweeting Friday,  WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story. 

The West Point story is just the latest of several Carson claims that have sparked scrutiny recently. But by Friday afternoon, the Politico report had become the subject of dispute itself.

ABC political director Rick Klein tweeted Friday afternoon that  Ben Carson s campaign confirms to ABC News that he was never admitted, nor did he apply, to West Point. 



Yet, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly tweeted that Carson s campaign manager told her show  The Kelly File  that  the Politico story is an outright lie  and that  the campaign never admitted to anything.  The Daily Caller also published a story attributing those same quotes to Carson communications director Doug Watts.

Read More Why Yahoo! (YHOO) Stock is Falling Today  Yahoo waiting for CEO's acquisition plan to pay off When Marissa Mayer took over as CEO of Yahoo, she went on an acquisition spree, spending more than $2.3 billion for some 50 startups meant to infuse her struggling company with promising technology and fresh talent.

It was a bold leap, one that was applauded by some in Silicon Valley. But three years later, analysts are skeptical about where Yahoo has landed. The Sunnyvale tech giant hasn t made a compelling case for why the acquisitions will entice advertisers to invest more marketing dollars in Yahoo. And recently, the company s troubles have deepened. Its stock price has declined from a year ago, there s been an exodus of senior executives, and its U.S. digital ad revenues haven t budged since 2012.

 The core business results have been awful,  said Shyam Patil, a senior Internet analyst with Susquehanna Financial Group.  If these acquisitions were supposed to turn around the core business, they haven t worked yet. 

By acquiring all those companies, Yahoo also took on roughly 100 company founders and CEOs as employees   potential visionaries whose technology and ideas could provide the company with new energy. Chronicle research shows that at least 27 of them have already left. And while the acquisitions haven t produced big financial gains in the short term, Yahoo s management team believes its business strategy is a long-term one. In other words, as the clock ticks on Yahoo s turnaround, the startups and their leaders might still give the company a fighting chance.

Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Founder and CEO Amit Kumar of Trimian helps engineers solve a...

A  deserted island 

When Mayer joined Yahoo, morale was low and recruiting talented engineers was tough. Yahoo was far from their first choice.

 Yahoo basically became a deserted island, and there was no way to get talent into that company in a regular way,  said Venky Ganesan, a managing director with Menlo Ventures. His firm invested in Flurry, which was acquired by Yahoo last year.  Nobody wants to show up in the place that has nobody there. 

So Yahoo embarked on a mission to hire people through acquisitions, which Mayer said was necessary to grow a staff large enough to push the company forward in mobile, video, social and native advertising. These categories, relatively nonexistent at the company before Mayer s mobile efforts, have now grown to $422 million in the third quarter, roughly one third of Yahoo s overall revenue.

For example, engineers at app developer Hitpost Inc. probably wouldn t have worked for Yahoo if it weren t for the acquisition in 2013, said Courtland Alves, who led the startup through the sale and worked for Yahoo as a product and engineering manager until he was laid off in March.

 If you re a talented engineer you have your choice of a job, and generally you are going to go to a company with a lot of excitement. ... Whether correctly or incorrectly, I don t think Yahoo has that sort of reputation,  Alves said. He estimates seven Hitpost workers joined Yahoo after the acquisition and now, only two remain there.

Yahoo s acquisition of Hitpost was a win for Alves  company, he said, because the product  didn t have the traction that we were looking for. 

Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer.

CEOs stay on

To be sure, the majority of founders and CEOs brought in through acquisitions have stayed at Yahoo. But some analysts believe acquiring employees by buying companies isn t the best strategy, since those people bail after short-term attempts to retain them run out. After an acquisition, a company like Yahoo might offer bonuses or vested stock in exchange for years of commitment with the company, analysts said.

 The end result is typically acquisitions are done to gain technology and products. They should never be done to just get people,  said Rob Enderle, with advisory services firm Enderle Group.  The ability to retain them is pretty poor. 

Some of Yahoo s acquisitions have brought new or revamped products into the company, such as Yahoo News Digest, which summarizes news; the Aviate app, which organizes a smartphone s home screen; and the Livetext app   texting and video with no sound.

Entrepreneur Jerry Shen, the founder and only employee at Bignoggins Productions, had his company acquired for an undisclosed sum in 2013. Some analysts say the deal could be worth tens of millions of dollars. In his two years at Yahoo, he used his company s technology to revamp Yahoo s fantasy football app to good reviews. Shen says he helped persuade Yahoo to join a new, growing product category   daily fantasy sports.

 When I first got to Yahoo, I was shocked at how poorly they understood mobile,  said Shen, who was a director of engineering overseeing Yahoo Fantasy and Daily Fantasy.  Without doing it, Yahoo would have been completely left behind in mobile. 

Though he said he enjoyed his time at Yahoo, he was abruptly let go in August, according to the Globe and Mail, after writing an insensitive staff e-mail that referenced racial slurs. Shen admits he was let go but says the reasons are private. He said he plans to build another startup and will travel cross-country in an RV.

Jon Paris, who founded task organizing app Astrid and now works at Yahoo, said the only member of his eight-person team to leave went to Harvard Business School.

The benefits of working at Yahoo, he said, include resources such as access to Ph.D. experts specialized in an area of research, and the ability to solely focus on building products.

 As long as I m able to continue to build products that I believe in and I m continuing to get the resources to have impact, I m happy to be here,  Paris said, adding that he is working on products that haven t yet launched.

Acquiring Tumblr

Yahoo s biggest acquisition during the company s three-year shopping spree was blogging site Tumblr for $1.1 billion. Yahoo executives and investors alike believed Tumblr   which accounted for nearly half of Mayer s acquisition tab   could boost ad revenue and make Yahoo more relevant to younger audiences.

But some analysts question the 2013 purchase.

 I don t know if that deal paid off,  said Martin Pyykkonen, a senior Internet analyst at Rosenblatt Securities.

Tumblr s well-known founder David Karp remains at the company but was not available for an interview. In April, Mayer said the company is optimistic Tumblr will reach its goal of $100 million in revenue this year. Traffic on Tumblr from June 2013   the month the deal closed   to September 2015 has increased 56 percent, according to analytics firm comScore.

 We continue to work hard at Tumblr monetization in a thoughtful, sustainable manner,  Mayer said in a second-quarter earnings call transcript.  The opportunity here, given Tumblr s massive engagement, is substantial. 

Under Mayer s leadership, Yahoo has made significant progress generating revenue outside of traditional banner ads. The company acquired mobile analytics firm Flurry, which has more than 700,000 apps using Flurry s software development kit, and it purchased video ad platform Brightroll, which generated more than $100 million in revenue last year.

In February, Yahoo hosted its first mobile developer conference.

Still, Yahoo hasn t been able to move the needle on U.S. digital ad revenue. Research firm eMarketer said that in 2012, Yahoo captured $2.5 billion in U.S. digital ad dollars, about 7 percent of the market. This year, Yahoo is expected to capture roughly the same amount   $2.5 billion   but its market share has dropped to 4 percent, eMarketer said.

And not all the entrepreneurs who came on board wanted to deal with older, outdated products that represent a big chunk of Yahoo s revenue.

Amit Kumar s business, Lexity, which provided tools to small businesses, was acquired by Yahoo in 2013. The entrepreneur was placed in charge of Yahoo s small-business division and became frustrated when the company wanted him to focus on maintaining traditional e-commerce businesses like providing domain names.

Fresh startup

 A turnaround is less fun than going on a growth path, which is what I wanted to do,  said Kumar, who left Yahoo last year and is now running a mobile startup, Trimian. Several of his Lexity teammates who joined Yahoo after the acquisition are now with him at Trimian, Kumar said.

Meanwhile, Mayer says she is committed to restoring Yahoo to greatness. Mayer said on Tuesday at the Fortune Global Forum that when she joined Yahoo, almost all revenue streams were in decline and she was the company s seventh CEO in 61 months. She believed a way to grow revenue was to invest in mobile.  We have built a future,  Mayer said.

While some of her new startups have yet to become the next big thing, they have at least added interesting products and energy to the business, observers say.

 You don t know how much worse things would have been if they haven t done these deals,  Patil of Susquehanna Financial Group said.

Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee 
2015-08-16
Page Six's Stephanie Smith Heads to Yahoo  
2015-08-08
Facebook security chief Alex Stamos' ambitious plan to connect the world securely WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 15: Alex Stamos, chief information security officer at Yahoo! Inc. (L) listens as Craig Spiezle (R), executive director, founder and president of the Online Trust Alliance testifies before the Senate Homeland Security Committee May 15, 2014 in Washington, DC. The committee heard testimony on the topic of on "Online Advertising and Hidden Hazards to Consumer Security and Data Privacy." (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)

WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 15: Alex Stamos, chief information security officer at Yahoo! Inc. (L) listens as Craig Spiezle (R), executive director, founder and president of the Online Trust Alliance testifies before the Senate Homeland Security Committee May 15, 2014 in Washington, DC. The committee heard testimony on the topic of on "Online Advertising and Hidden Hazards to Consumer Security and Data Privacy." (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) Photograph by Win McNamee   Getty Images

Six weeks into the job, Facebook chief security officer Alex Stamos has begun to settle into his new post securing the Internet for the 1.5 billion people who use the world's biggest social network each month.

Stamos presented a glimpse of his strategic vision for the site and the wider web while seated at a table in a hotel suite overlooking the Las Vegas strip at this year's Def Con hacker conference. (As part of a bootcamp introduction to the company, he spent a couple of spent hours the night before debugging lines of Java script.) Now captain of Zuckerberg's guard, he revealed why he decided to join the tech giant and he identified his top three priorities at the company (though it's still early).

Stamos recently left Yahoo ( yhoo ) where he served as chief information security officer and spearheaded an initiative in collaboration with Google ( goog ) to build an end-to-end email encryption tool for email services. Earlier this year, he notoriously tussled with U.S. National Security Agency director Michael Rogers over the question of whether law enforcement should have access to peoples' private communications, a debate now raging between Washington D.C. and Silicon Valley.

Here is a peek at Stamos' mission. The following are his words, edited for length and clarity.

On joining Facebook: Ambition and adversaries

There are two quality judgements that made me want to come to Facebook ( fb ) .

One was that the individuals on the security team who I've interacted with through previous jobs are incredibly skilled and nice people you want to work with but very ambitious.

Two, the adversaries that Facebook faces are really good at their jobs. There's a benefit to having good adversaries. It sharpens the mind and gives you an opportunity to address problems that would be, in other companies, just like, 'Oh that's too crazy ever to turn into a problem.' For us, we assume that that's not crazy. When you play at our level you have to start thinking about the Internet of things and embedded systems and all that other stuff.

Priority No. 1: Fighting the good fight

I've come up with three areas that I'm going to be focusing on for the coming months that I think are going to be interesting opportunities for us. The first is: The team has done an incredibly good job of building defenses for the highest level of adversary, and I want to continue that.

So, my first goal is continuing down the road of building solutions that help us stand up against the best financed adversaries. It's something that we seem to have done really well at. But you can never finish. It's a chess game. It's not like building a house or a bridge where eventually it's over. This is the kind of thing that you have to continuously do to get better at.

Priority No. 2: Connecting the world, securely

Facebook's corporate goal is to build a more open and connected world. My team's job is to build a more open and connected world comma securely, which is implied by that but is not necessarily a part of it. You can connect people and do so in a way that makes them less safe, and we have to be very careful that we don't do that.

One of the biggest areas of ambition right now is our Internet.org project, which as you guys have read about , is the goal to bring the Internet to the two-thirds of the world that don't have it, more quickly than they otherwise would. In doing so we face a totally different set of problems and we have to solve a whole new set of problems we've never had to solve before.

When we talk about bringing Internet access to people who have never had it before, we're not talking about sexy bugs like. We're talking about security flaws that have been known about for years fundamental flaws like phones not supporting modern versions of cryptography.

This is an area that I'm really excited about because these are problems that we don't have to address with our '1% security problems' in dealing with the richest, most resourced consumers, and our enterprise problems. I like to think about how the rest of the world lives: Can we bend the curve not just on Internet access but on keeping those folks safe?

Priority No. 3: Strengthening neighbors

The third area we're going to really focus on is uplifting the security of the entire Internet industry. Because we have the gift of having very good adversaries and of having the resources to fight them, the issues that we see today will trickle down and become everybody's issues in six months to a year.

The things you guys are going to learn about at Def Con today you know, often people are like, 'Oh, well, in a year this is going to be a big deal for everybody' well, it's quite possible what you're learning about at Def Con today was a problem for us six months ago. You're only, by definition, seeing the people who do open research and who want to make the world better by talking about it publicly. There's nothing that you're learning about at Def Con that could not have been found by private teams that have different motives. And those are the kinds of folks that we have to deal with.

Putting those priorities in action

One facet of that area is ThreatExchange, which is our open, free threat information sharing platform . Right now there are over 80 companies that are active on ThreatExchange , such as Yahoo, Pinterest , Twitter ( twtr ) , Microsoft ( msft ) , Dropbox .

These are all companies that upload data when they find a security incident. Maybe they find a new piece of malware on a corporate laptop and then they'll analyze it and they'll add to ThreatExchange. Then folks on ThreatExchange who subscribe to them automatically pull that data down and check their own systems.

We've stopped countless attacks by finding one company that has faced a certain vulnerability or piece of malware and then spread that herd immunity out to the rest of the companies much more quickly than the bad guys can pivot and break into multiple companies.

Ask and you shall receive

The other project that we're trying to use to help other people is osquery [ "OH-ESS-query" ], an open source toolkit that you can put on your corporate or production host . We run it on many, many servers on our corporate and production systems. A bunch of other companies do that, too. Slack and Yelp ( yelp ) have both deployed it and they're using it.

Osquery allows you to ask questions of your huge fleet of computers and get answers very quickly. That sounds like something simple. It turns out to be very complex. Once you have that ability, then you have a very powerful tool for not just looking for security events but for troubleshooting performance issues, troubleshooting crashes. At Facebook, osquery is written and provided by the security team, but it's used by engineers all over the company to troubleshoot issues.

Osquery is just part of the stack of tools we've built to protect against really advanced threats. We're looking to see which other tools for us to open up and contribute to other people.

So far, it has been a fun six weeks and we'll have a lot to talk about in the future. It's nice to be a part of a company that's ambitious and trying to do things that nobody else has done. And it's also fun to be part of security team that's trying to enable those things and not just say no.

In the future when you talk about drones and other kinds of flying things and lasers and stuff like that that makes security a little more challenging. Though it's kind of fun to feel like I'm a character in a William Gibson novel when we talk about stuff like that. At Silicon Valley Bank, risky tech start-ups are lucrative business Few banks are as close to the industries they serve as Silicon Valley Bank is to the technology world.

An industry mainstay since the 1980s, the bank veers far from the course of conventional financial institutions.

Part lender, part consultant, part cheerleader and part investor, Silicon Valley Bank has been a nursemaid to countless start-ups   Airbnb, Fitbit, Pinterest and TrueCar, to name some recent ones   as well as banking the venture capitalists who fund them.

By many measures, the bank has outperformed bigger rivals, not just by lending to fledgling firms but by taking small ownership stakes in them to help offset their higher risks.

------------

FOR THE RECORD:

Silicon Valley Bank: An article in the Aug. 8 Business section about Silicon Valley Bank referred to James Slavet as a venture capital investor at Greycroft Partners. His firm is Greylock Partners.  

------------

RBC Capital Markets analyst Joseph Morford, a fan who has followed the company for 23 years, said clients once would jump to bigger banks as they grew. At $40.2 billion in assets, Silicon Valley Bank now has the heft to handle them from start-up to initial public offering, multiplying its profits on larger loans and fees.

These days the bank is following the venture capital trail abroad, with 8% of its loans overseas and 18% of deposits from other countries.

Deposits and other funds managed for clients are up 77% in the last two years, reflecting venture investments and stock-sale proceeds that are flooding the coffers of software, hardware and healthcare companies. Loans and other assets are up 81% since 2013.

Even after a recent sell-off, stock in the bank's parent company, SVB Financial Group Inc., has risen 55% in the same period   far surpassing the gains of giants like JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc., Bank of America Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co. The shares have shot higher than shares of regional competitors as well, with a more than twofold gain over the KBW Regional Bank index.

Other banks, including City National Corp. and Comerica Inc., have made plays for tech clients "but have not had even a small percentage of the success," said analyst Gary P. Tenner at D.A. Davidson & Co.

"It's not just a question of being there" as the industry takes off, Tenner said. "It's the relationships Silicon Valley Bank has developed over the years and, frankly, their reputation. I think they probably get the first look at a lot of deals."

The bank, which recently opened an office in Santa Monica, is more willing than others to focus on a start-up's growth prospects rather than its current financial condition and to lend money so businesses can expand while awaiting the next round of venture capital funding, said investor Mark Suster, a client and managing partner at Upfront Ventures in Los Angeles.

At Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. in Santa Monica, for instance, the bank "created a new type of financing for us that they now use with cloud-based companies around the country," said Adam Miller, chief executive of the employee-management services company.

It's common for lenders to provide receivables financing, which uses money owed to a business as collateral for loans. But even before Cornerstone went public in 2011, Silicon Valley Bank took a riskier step   making loans secured by expected revenue from contracts for services the company had not yet delivered, Miller said.

"Because they start so early, they are willing to kiss a lot of frogs; they meet a lot of companies that don't get very far," Miller said. "But that willingness to work with riskier clients puts them in an advantageous position later on" as companies grow and require more banking services.

Silicon Valley Bank often requires founders to hand over small ownership stakes in return for more favorable credit terms. Profits on equity warrants   options to acquire stock cheaply   can yield big profits when companies go public.

The bank, for instance, recorded a $23.6-million gain on warrants in the second quarter, including $13.9 million related to the initial public offering of FitBit Inc., the maker of fitness-tracking wristbands. Gains on the tactic have exceeded losses on early-stage loans over the last 10 years, the bank said.

The bank is aggressive in courting investors as well, part of why it has become the "first call" bank for many of them, said James Slavet, a Menlo Park, Calif., venture investor with Greylock Partners.

"When I joined Greylock nine years ago, a top guy at the bank immediately reached out and said, 'Hey, it would be great to meet up and see if there's any way I can be helpful.' I didn't get that reach-out from other institutions," he said.

The bank, which opened in San Jose in 1983, now is based in a cluster of low-rise Santa Clara offices where an in-house TV studio connects executives to the bank's offices in 27 U.S. technology centers and in London, Beijing, Shanghai and Herzliya Pituach, a wealthy Israeli enclave on the waterfront near Tel Aviv.

As a leader in serving software, hardware, biotech and healthcare start-ups, with a side niche in lending to premium wineries, the bank has served Southern California from offices in Sherman Oaks and Irvine.

It tapped into shifting trends in May by opening the Santa Monica office to focus on the tech boom along the coast, where online dating service EHarmony Inc. was born and video messaging firm Snapchat Inc. is growing up. Google Inc. and Yahoo Inc. are setting up Southland hubs in nearby Playa Vista, close to a Facebook Inc. facility.

Los Angeles also is where the venture capital money is flowing, turning it into a major center nationwide for venture-backed start-ups, said bank Chief Executive Gregory W. Becker.

"Innovation is booming there right now," Becker said. "The energy and growth we're seeing in the Santa Monica area reached an inflection point, so it made sense to add another location."

Given the cyclical nature of the tech industry, one question is how well Silicon Valley Bank can manage the next downturn. 
2015-08-05
Bob Roback named CEO of INgrooves parent Isolation Network The parent company of INgrooves Music Group, Isolation Network, has named its new CEO: Bob Roback, who joins from his role as President of Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.

Roback replaces former Isolation Network CEO, Robb McDaniels who exited the company at the end of 2014.

Before joining Fender last year, Roback held a number of influential positions in digital music and media.

In 1994, he founded LAUNCH Media with Dave Goldberg   one of the world s first digital music enterprises. The company was acquired by Yahoo! Inc. in 2001.

As part of the sale, Mr. Roback became Head of Music at Yahoo!, overseeing its global music operations until 2007.

After Yahoo! he became Co-Founder and CEO of Dashbox, a workflow management system and marketplace for music licensing. Dashbox was acquired by FilmTrack in 2014.

 With our revenues now exceeding $150m a year, we feel Bob is the perfect executive to lead our global team.  Jay Boberg, Isolation network

In addition, Roback served as Co-Founder/Managing Director of The Media Farm, a company which owns and manages entertainment intellectual property.

 Throughout his career, Bob has successfully launched and led future facing companies that helped to push digital music and media businesses forward in innovative ways,  said Jay Boberg, Chairman of the Board.

 With our revenues now exceeding $150 million a year, we feel he is the perfect executive to lead our global executive team into our next phase of growth. 

Roback commented,  I am thrilled to be joining Isolation Network and working alongside Jay, Co-Founder Matt Burns and the rest of the talented and dedicated executive team who have grown this business into the global leader it is today. 

Roback remains a member of Fender s board of directors.

Isolation Network, Inc. ( IN ) is the parent company of three subsidiaries: INgrooves Music Group, INscribe Digital and IN Enterprise Solutions.

US-based INgrooves Music Group provides independent labels and artists with distribution, marketing, music publishing, sync licensing and rights management services.

IN Enterprise Solutions provides the North American digital distribution platform for the world s largest record company, Universal Music Group.Music Business Worldwide Baxter International Is Dan Loeb's Newest Activist Target Baxter International Inc. is being targeted by activist investor Dan Loeb s Third Point, which is seeking two board seats and a say in the hunt for a new leader at the medical-supplies company.

Third Point went public with its bid for changes at Baxter on Wednesday, disclosing a stake of almost 10 percent in the $23 billion company, including stock and options. Third Point sees Baxter as undervalued given its strong global franchise and opportunities to boost profit margins, said a person with knowledge of the matter.

After spinning off its drug business last month to create Baxalta Inc., Baxter is at a turning point. Chief Executive Officer Robert Parkinson, 64, told investors last week that the company s board had hired a search firm to find his replacement, given his age and 11-year tenure at the company. And now that the spinoff is complete, Baxter is in better position to look at more deals, he said.

Baxter makes hospital supplies, such as infusion pumps and surgical tools, and dialysis systems for kidney disease. While Baxter shares have risen 11 percent since the spinoff, it has still underperformed competitors, gaining 15 percent a year over the past five years, compared with 23 percent for other medical-supplies providers.

Its operating profit margin of 14 percent over the past four quarters compares with 18 percent for Becton Dickinson & Co. and 25 percent for CR Bard Inc., though each competitor has a different mix of products, making it difficult to compare.

Cost Cuts

Particularly post-spinoff, the company has lots of opportunities to get more efficient, cut costs and expand sales to boost earnings, said the person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the discussions between Baxter and Third Point are private.

The activist fund met with Baxter officials at the company s Deerfield, Illinois, headquarters on July 30, and again with lead director Tom Stallkamp at Third Point s New York office Tuesday, the person said. Third Point was critical of the current board s stock ownership, which it estimated at less than 200,000 shares, the person said.

The recent gains in the stock have perplexed Joanne Wuensch, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets Corp.

 Quite honestly, with Baxter I m scratching my head,  said the analyst, who has the equivalent of a hold rating on the stock.  I think what is being priced in at this stage is more operating leverage than their guidance would indicate, a new CEO that would provide better productivity and the access to Third Point brain power. 

Willing Partner

In a letter to Baxter released publicly Wednesday, Third Point said that in addition to the board seats and a role in the CEO search, the activist investor seeks changes to corporate governance. Billionaire Loeb praised Baxter s  willingness to consider new directors. 

Loeb, whose firm has almost a 10 percent stake including amassed options it s converting into stock, applauded the company for spinning off Baxalta and for announcing a succession plan for Parkinson. Third Point, which oversees about $18 billion, said it has more than $2 billion in economic exposure to Baxter.

 We look forward to bringing our experience to the board and helping to select a new CEO,  Loeb wrote.  We believe there are several external candidates with the requisite industry experience, leadership skills, and track record of creating shareholder value who could ably take the reins at Baxter. 

Baxter should consider former Covidien Plc CEO Joe Almeida to replace Parkinson, Bank of America Corp. analyst Bob Hopkins said last week in a note.

Constructive Talks

Baxter expects to maintain constructive talks with Third Point and plans to keep listening to all shareholders, the company said in a statement.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Loeb described the structure of Baxter s board as  shareholder-unfriendly and archaic  because its staggered terms for directors mean only a few are up for re-election each year. He also criticized Baxter s  odd voting structure that values shareholders individually rather than according to economic interest.  The rare structure implies small shareholders have the same voting clout as the largest investors, such as Third Point.

 We believe most shareholders agree with our views and as it turns out, so do you,  he said, referring to talks with the company.

Baxalta has rejected an unsolicited offer from Shire Plc to acquire the company for $30 billion in stock. Baxter maintains a 19.5 percent stake in Baxalta, which the company has said could help fund its pension, pay down debt and repurchase shares.

Earlier Targets

While most of Third Point s investments aren t based on an activist strategy -- where the fund seeks to force management and boards to make changes that boost shareholder returns -- it s those campaigns that attract the most attention.

Loeb s firm has actively targeted at least two other health-care companies previously -- biotech giant Amgen Inc. and cancer drugmaker Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. It has run campaigns for changes at companies as diverse as Dow Chemical Co., Sony Corp., CF Industries Holdings Inc. and Yahoo! Inc.

When Third Point takes an activist position, the firm often seeks directorships alongside influence in CEO selection. Loeb noted in Wednesday s letter that  we have been deeply involved in the hiring  of executives including Ligand s John Higgins, Yahoo s Marissa Mayer and Sotheby s Tad Smith. Three Overlooked Small Cap Entertainment Stocks (ENT, CNYD & FONU)  
2015-04-20
Sharon Carty to Drive Yahoo Autos as New Editor-in-Chief NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) today announced that Sharon Carty is the new Editor-in-Chief of the recently launched digital magazine, Yahoo Autos. Sharon will lead a talented group of automotive experts including Managing Editor Justin Hyde, Editor-at-Large Alex Lloyd and Road Test Editor Aki Sugawara.

 We continue to add dynamic editors to our growing digital magazines and we re thrilled to have Sharon Carty join the Yahoo Autos team,  said Susan Kittenplan, VP & Executive Editor, New Media Initiatives.  Sharon s deep experience in the auto industry coupled with her background in digital media makes her a perfect leader for the team. 

 Autos is one of the most exciting industries to cover,  Carty said.  It s a combination of blue-collar grit and white-collar business strategy, with a dash of Hollywood. Yahoo Autos will tell stories that tap into that excitement, and will bridge the gap between enthusiasts and your average consumer."

Sharon joins Yahoo Autos from AOL s Autoblog where she was the Editor-in-Chief overseeing a staff of reporters and videographers. Sharon has covered the auto industry since 2002. She s broken news on the General Motors and Chrysler bankruptcies, Toyota s sudden acceleration recalls, and documented the emerging Asian markets by traveling to China, India and South Korea. She served as USA Today s Detroit bureau reporter and has written for the Wall Street Journal and New York Times.

Yahoo Autos puts readers in the driver s seat with special access to unreleased cars, a redesigned new car research tool, exclusive interviews, breaking news and more. Yahoo s digital magazines are quickly rising to the top of their categories with number one titles like Yahoo Beauty, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo Parenting, Yahoo Style and Yahoo Travel1.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users  daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

1 Source: March 2015 comScore RBC Capital Sets Expectations on Yahoo! Inc. Ahead of 1Q:15 Results RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney came out with his prediction on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), as the company is scheduled to report its first-quarter results on Tuesday, April 21 after market close. Additionally, the analyst maintained a Perform rating on the stock, with a $55 price target, which implies an upside of 24% from current levels.

Mahaney noted,  For Q1:15, we are expecting Net Revenue (ex-TAC) of $1.04B, slightly below Consensus of $1.06B. We are estimating EBITDA of $238MM and Non GAAP EPS of $0.16 vs. the Street at $236MM/$0.18. Note that our revenue and EBITDA estimates are within the company s Q1 guidance range and imply a 4% Y/Y decline in Net Revenue and a 22% Y/Y decline in EBITDA. 

 The tax-free spin-off of the Alibaba stock is unambiguous goodness. And the $380MM in Mobile, Video, Native & Social Ad Revenue in Q4 is a distinct positive. But fundamentally   with 1%-2% Total Revenue Y/Y declines in Q4 and more of the same expected in Q1   YHOO remains a show-me story. , the analyst added.

Bottom line:  We view Street estimates as reasonable for Q1, with a modest likelihood of upside variance on the bottom-line. We believe YHOO should be able to at least bracket Street estimates for Q2. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Mark Mahaney has a total average return of 23.3% and a 65.9% success rate. Mahaney has a 2.7% average return when recommending YHOO, and is ranked #16 out of 3573 analysts. Storm eBike Creator Sued for Fraud by His Own PR Agency It seemed like a classic American success story. An unknown inventor with a great name   Storm Sondors   and a mysterious past raises millions of dollars overnight to fund his dream: an affordable electric bicycle for the masses.



(Indiegogo)

When the Storm Sondors eBike campaign finally closed on April 2, it was the second most successful in Indiegogo history, raising nearly $5.3 million from more than 12,000 funders, most of whom paid between $500 and $750 in the hopes of receiving a low-cost electric bicycle.



But the Storm Sondors saga has taken more twists and turns than a dime-store novel.

Crowdfund Insider has revealed that Ivars  Storm  Sondors is being sued by the PR firm that built and managed his crowdfunding campaign. Papers filed on April 9 in Los Angeles Superior Court accuse Sondors, his crowdfunding partner Jon Hopp, and the company he created, Pacific Storm Inc., of  contractual fraud  with regard to Agency 2.0.

(Agency 2.0)

The case docket is available via a paid search of the Los Angeles Superior Court Web site; documents filed with the court were not available at press time. However, in an emailed statement, Agency 2.0 CEO and founder Christopher Olenik wrote that his agency has yet to be paid for the work it did on the campaign for the bike, which was originally called the Storm eBike.

 The contractual fraud stems from the fact that Team Sondors hired Agency 2.0 for its services,  wrote Olenik.  An agreement to pay for services on a set percentage at a set time should be honored. Agency 2.0 has done its part in raising $5.28 million and has not been compensated as per agreed upon contract. Team Sondors actions to date have shown that he did not ever intend to honor their contractual obligations. 

Olenik adds that he s hoping to resolve the issue without a protracted lawsuit. Sondors did not respond to email requests for comment by publication time.

Storm brewing

The Storm eBike campaign had already generated more than the usual share of controversy. Shortly after it launched, Yahoo Tech contacted ebike experts who questioned many of the claims made for the bike, its relative safety, and the company s ability to fulfill thousands of orders with little or no room for profit. Specs provided for the bike on the Indiegogo campaign -- such as battery life, charging times, and range -- changed several times over the course of the crowdfunding campaign.

Read More Apple Inc. Watch Gets Redesigned Instagram App Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s Apple Watch offers a tiny interaction screen because of its small size, but that has not prevented the likes of Instagram to create interactions apps for the platform. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB)-owned Instagram is hoping to replicate its robust growth in smartphones in wearables, starting with Apple Watch, which officially launched on April 24.

Instagram is making foray into smartwatch space with an app for Apple s Apple Watch, its first wearable app. Instagram chose to stay on the sidelines, avoiding a move to build apps for Samsung s Galaxy Gear or Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google Glass.

While there is hope that the photo-sharing service will keep its users engaged on the tiny screens, building an app for Apple Watch was a taxing experience for Instagram designers. In addition to the smaller size of the screen, Apple also came with restrictions that made the design work harder for developers. Fortunately it wasn t impossible for Instagram team.

In bringing Instagram to Apple Watch, designers had to think hard on the best approach to serve the tiny screen. According to Ian Silber, a designer at Instagram, they ended up creating the simplest feed possible for Apple Watch.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Functions

Although Apple Watch presents a completely different platform, Instagram views it as a place to serve quick notifications and information, and could be a huge case in the long run. The Apple Watch app will enable Instagram users to track the performance of their posts on the platform by getting alerts from friends.

Various celebrities have already taken to Instagram to share photos of themselves donning the pricey gold Apple Watch Edition. Those celebrities include pop stars Katy Perry, Pharrell Williams and Drake.

Unease over Apple Watch

As much as there are new opportunities to tap on Apple Watch, the platform could also prove a challenge for the incumbent apps like Instagram, which in their arrival caused casualties among PC photo-sharing apps like Flickr. For apps like Instagram, there is always unease about Apple Watch, a platform that tends to lead more towards health tracking and simplified messaging.

App developers

Apple s restriction on how Apple Watch apps should be designed is posing headaches to developers. The company requires apps for Apple Watch to be simple and also should not drain much on battery.

Various developers including Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Uber are reworking their apps to bring them to Apple Watch. It is not clear whether Google is among developers creating app for the Apple Watch. Sequoia-Backed Mu Sigma Eyes $1 Billion From World Awash in Data Mu Sigma Inc., a data-analytics outsourcing firm backed by Sequoia Capital, plans a Nasdaq initial public offering within four years as it seeks to tap demand for processing the vast amounts of information companies gather.

The Chicago-based company aims to increase annual sales to $1 billion within five to seven years from about $250 million currently, according to founder and chief executive officer Dhiraj Rajaram. Mu Sigma is boosting revenue at a rate of six to seven percent monthly, Rajaram said in an interview in his office in the Indian technology hub of Bengaluru.

Mu Sigma competes with outsourcing giants Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. and dozens of startups including LatentView Analytics Corp. and Fractal Analytics Inc. in helping customers get answers from the increasing quantities of data they collect. The global analytics market is estimated to reach $121 billion by 2016 from an estimated $96 billion last year, according to a July report from Indian industry group Nasscom.

 We are building tools that will negate the necessity of a PhD in applied mathematics,  said Rajaram, 40, who founded the company ten years ago after quitting his management consulting job.  In our world, the problems are changing faster and faster and faster. 

Fortune 500

Mu Sigma has attracted investment from Sequoia Capital, which has backed U.S. tech giants including Yahoo! Inc. and Oracle Corp., and MasterCard Inc., the second-largest U.S. payments network. General Atlantic led a $108 million funding round in December 2011. Rajaram owns about 45 percent of Mu Sigma.

The company has about 4,000 employees, with more than 80 percent of them based in Bengaluru, he said. Clients can task its army of engineers with processing data and running analyses to assist in decision-making, providing a different model to companies like SAS Institute Inc., Oracle and Tableau Software Inc. which make software to store massive quantities of data and provide tools for customers to analyze them.

Mu Sigma also recently released its own subscription-based software product that customers can use to analyze and visualize information themselves, Rajaram said.

Among Mu Sigma s clients are 140 members of the Fortune 500, including retailers, insurers, drugmakers and airlines, according to Rajaram. Microsoft Corp. is one of the customers, its website shows.

Analytics Workforce

Mu Sigma s biggest strength has been in taking graduates from Indian colleges and quickly turning them into an analytics-ready workforce, said Bhavish Sood, a research director at Gartner Inc. in India. The company has built a  factory model  for mathematics talent, he said by phone.

Rising amounts of information have also created opportunities for companies like Palantir Technologies Inc., the Palo Alto, California developer of software that s used by law-enforcement agencies to tie disparate databases together and make it easier to search and analyze information. Palantir, co-founded in 2004 by early Facebook Inc. investor Peter Thiel, raised funds at a $15 billion valuation last year and is seeking more, people with knowledge of the matter said in January.

Cheaper Rivals

The biggest threat to Mu Sigma is from nimbler startups that emerged in the past five years, and who are poaching clients now, said Jack Chen, chief data scientist for marketing decision sciences at Dell Inc., who started using Mu Sigma in 2012 to analyze customer records and improve sales efforts.

 There are several startups willing to do the same work as Mu Sigma, and for much cheaper,  Chen said.  Now, I tend to send work their way. 

Mu Sigma is working with several divisions at Dell and total revenue from the business is increasing each year, Rajaram said.

Chen s comment is his own opinion, Dell said in an e-mailed statement. Dell maintains a valued relationship with Mu Sigma, and considers it  strategic,  David Boocks, director of North America marketing operations for the Round Rock, Texas-based company, said in an e-mail separately.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The amount of data being generated globally is increasing at an average 40 percent annually and will reach 44 trillion gigabytes by 2020, ten times the figure from 2013, according to an April 2014 report prepared by researcher IDC. Even mid-level managers now need to analyze huge amounts of data to make routine decisions on product pricing, marketing campaigns or loyalty programs, IDC analyst Craig Stires said.

 In a world where data is the new oil, we are the Halliburton,  Rajaram said, referring to the $40 billion oil-services contractor.  The whole company is based on one simple philosophy: that change is constant, and change is accelerating.  
2015-03-31
Yahoo's Search Business, a Key Growth Driver Yahoo's Efforts to Compete in Online Ad Market Are Paying Off PART 2 OF 11

Yahoo s Search Business, a Key Growth Driver

Yahoo s search business

In the last part of this series, we looked at Yahoo s better-than-expected fourth quarter earnings. This was good news for investors.

In this part of the series, we ll look at Yahoo s search market business. In the fourth quarter, Yahoo (YHOO) generated 39% of its revenue from its search advertising business. It also generated 39% from the display ad business. In 4Q13, its search business contributed 38% and the display ad business 41% to the total revenue.

Yahoo s search business is doing better than its display ad business, and thus it has become the company s most valuable business.

In 4Q14, Yahoo s gross revenue was up 14% year-over-year. GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) revenue was up slightly 1%, and revenue ex-TAC (traffic acquisition costs) was roughly flat. Overall in 2014, revenue ex-TAC was up 5% year-over-year.

The number of paid clicks rose 10% year-over-year versus 0% in the prior quarter. This growth in paid clicks was driven by strong growth in the Americas region, which saw accelerated growth during the holiday season through monetization initiatives such as product ads, which ramped up significantly in Yahoo Properties.

However, the pay per click increased 7% year-over-year due to a favorable traffic mix coming from higher monetizing segments. Search is a strong growth industry. The search ad business is Yahoo s core segment with a lot of potential for growth.

Interested in YHOO? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YHOO Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

US search advertising market

During the fourth quarter, Yahoo managed to increase its search advertising revenue, albeit it slightly. According to the latest report from comScore and as the above chart shows, Google (GOOG) continues to dominate this market with 64% market share as of January 2015.

Microsoft (MSFT) still holds the second position with 19.7% share. Yahoo had 13% market share, up from 11.8% in December 2014. It s followed by smaller players such as Ask and AOL (AOL), which have 1.8% and 1.1% share, respectively. To learn more, read Why Google has been able to maintain its search search market leadership.

To gain portfolio exposure to Yahoo, investors can consider the iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (IYW). Yahoo makes up 1.1% of the IYW portfolio. Yahoo Strives to Compete in Online Advertising Market Yahoo's Efforts to Compete in Online Ad Market Are Paying Off PART 1 OF 11

Yahoo Strives to Compete in Online Advertising Market

Yahoo and online ads

Yahoo (YHOO) has been trying hard to compete in the online advertising market where Google (GOOG) and Facebook (FB) have managed to make rapid strides. In this series, we ll take a look at Yahoo s efforts to grow its business.

In our previous series on Yahoo (YHOO), What you can expect from Yahoo s 4Q14 earnings, we provided an overview of what investors can expect from Yahoo s fourth quarter earnings. We also looked at Yahoo s third quarter results and the company s guidance for its fourth quarter earnings.

Yahoo s stock has gone up by 23.63% in the last year, while the iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (IVV) has gained only 14%. IVV is an ETF that tracks large-cap US equities.

In this series, we ll take a closer look at Yahoo s Q4 earnings announced on January 27. Yahoo s stock remained relatively flat in February. Comparatively, Facebook s (FB) stock was up 7%, and Google s (GOOG) stock was down 3% since it missed its earnings estimates.

Yahoo just misses revenue estimates



Yahoo s Q4 earnings were rather flat. The company reported GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) revenue of $1.25 billion and full year 2014 GAAP revenue of $4.7 billion. Both were nearly flat year-over-year, down approximately 1%.

Interested in FB? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on FB Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

On a revenue ex-TAC (or traffic acquisition costs) basis, Q4 revenue was $1.18 billion, down approximately 2% year-over-year. This was due largely to increased TAC in the search business. Full year 2014 ex-TAC revenue was $4.4 billion, down less than 1%.

This modest decline of 1% to 2% year-over-year in revenue was because revenue declines from legacy PC businesses were offset by increased revenues from investments in newer areas such as mobile, social, video, and native.

Yahoo reported EPS of $0.30, beating Wall Street s estimate of $0.29. Yahoo s ex-TAC revenue of $1.18 billion marginally missed analysts  estimates of $1.19 billion.

Yahoo makes up 1.1% of the iShares US Technology ETF (IYW). Investors can gain portfolio exposure to Yahoo by investing in this ETF.

In the coming parts of the series, we ll take a look at how some of Yahoo s core businesses performed in the fourth quarter. Canadians' love of loyalty rewards is swayed most by this digital channel Canadians love their loyalty programs, and digital channels are a favourite method to learn how to eke the most value out of those Air Miles, PC Points, and the like, according to a research study by Yahoo Inc.

The average Canadian has four loyalty program cards in their wallets, the study found. More than half of consumers say they frequently use those cards to accumulate points and miles. Two-thirds of them go online to calculate the value of the loyalty program, and six out of 10 choose loyalty programs that come free-of-charge.

You could say that the research shows Canadians are thrifty. Claude Galipeau, country manager for Canada at Yahoo, says that Canadians are concerned about value and want information about loyalty programs relevant to them.

 If you provide offers that are relevant to me, then I will go to your outlet or your event and purchase more,  he says.  If I can earn double or triple points on a particular day, then I ll go on that day. 

Yahoo s study indeed shows that 47 per cent of loyalty cardholders say that loyalty programs have an impact on how much they spend. One-third of all consumers say they will buy more products or services if they can earn more points as a result.

Galipeau says he s a big user of loyalty programs. When asked to name his favourite, he declined to do so, as if being asked to choose a favourite among his children.

 I like the game  of collecting loyalty points, he said.  I like to be valued as a customer. 

Other Canadians that enjoy playing the loyalty game are looking to digital channels to get more information on how to maximize their value. Email had the greatest impact on awareness of loyalty programs, Yahoo s study shows, followed by display and native advertising, then mobile apps.

 Marketers have to craft relevant messaging that displays value for their customer,  Galipeau says.  It s not just using mobile; you have to be relevant to the mobile consumer. 

If your brand is targeting the millennials demographic   defined by Yahoo as those between 18-34   you will want to put even more emphasis on mobile communication. Millennials are five per cent more likely to spend an increased amount due to their loyalty cards, and two times more likely to prefer mobile for loyalty information.

Yahoo s study involved the survey of 1,000 Canadians and it was published in March. Yahoo provided the below infographic highlighting some of the study s findings: 
2015-05-22
Yahoo exec and Survivor contestant:  I made my first million at 25   Look Back at 20 Years of Cringe-Inducing Product Placements in Music Videos Did you choose the phone you have because you saw it in your favorite artist s latest music video?

Yeah, we didn t think so.

Nevertheless, brands love to shell out big bucks for product placements, with occasionally awkward results. To celebrate that fact, we re taking a look back at stars like Britney Spears, Dr Dre, and Ariana Grande pitching you trendy tech gadgets in their videos. Enjoy it on your HP Envy Laptop or BlackBerry Playbook.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at @danielwbean.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2015-09-18
Silicon Valley battles Donald Trump on skilled immigrants HBO Tech companies need nerds

As Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump continues to wage his war on immigrants, Silicon Valley is fighting back.

A lobbying group created by Facebook Inc. founder Mark Zuckerberg and others is pushing to get genuine immigration reform on the agenda of the U.S. presidential campaign.  Attracting entrepreneurs and human capital is critical to the tech community,  Todd Schulte, president of the group, said on a Thursday conference call, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The group is clamoring for the government to expand its H-1B visa program for highly skilled foreign workers, which was capped in 1990.

The call came a day after the latest Republican debate and just weeks after Trump criticized Facebook FB, -0.14% for lowering wages for Americans by hiring foreign workers. Trump has proposed that all job openings be first offered to unemployed Americans before foreigners can apply.

Labor Department data show the number of applications for special visas for skilled foreign workers is likely to climb about 50% in 2015 once the full data set has been tallied. That s mostly because of a push from Silicon Valley and other tech hubs to be allowed to bring in university graduates in disciplines such as math, engineering and science to meet a gap in demand.

The data show the number of so-called Labor Condition Applications (LCAs)   the first step in applying for H-1Bs and other specialist visas, as well as green cards   came to 390,280 in the first half of 2015, the only two quarters for which data has been submitted. Extrapolating that over the full year, LCAs are forecast to total 780,560, up 52% from 2014.

See also: Have immigrants taken most of the new jobs? Yes and no

The U.S. government only grants 140,000 green cards a year and caps H-1B visas at 65,000. Tech companies and others have long argued that the program is inadequate to the needs of the private sector, which is grappling with a declining graduation rates in the sciences for master s degrees as well as Ph.D. programs.

The following map from Graphiq shows the number of H-1B applications in 2014 by state. Not surprisingly, they are concentrated in states with vibrant startup cultures, such as California, Texas, New York and Illinois. The chart is fully interactive; just hold your cursor over a state to see the exact number of LCAs submitted.

As the next chart shows, among U.S. tech companies, Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% submitted the most LCAs, at 3,624, followed by Google Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% and Intel Corp. INTC, -1.07% Trump s criticism may be misplaced as Facebook features only in eighth place, with just 767 applications. Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% is ninth with 572.

Among foreign companies operating in the U.S., Indian consulting firm Infosys Ltd. INFY, -5.11% made the most overall H-1B applications in 2014, at 23,759, concentrated in computer programming and systems analysts.

As for pay, the median salary for foreign workers on visas or with green cards, at $70,000, is actually slightly lower in 2015, down from $71,000 in 2014. You can see the movement of salary over time using your cursor. The IRS Goes Activist on Jeff Smith, Starboard Value Over the decades, companies have developed a long-lasting practice of spinning-off their real estate assets into independent, publicly-traded Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), which allows them to unlock the intrinsic value hidden in those assets that is often not reflected in their market valuations. Often these transactions occur under pressure from some activist shareholders. One of the investors that has been very active in this area is Jeffrey Smith of Starboard Value, who over the last year has pushed for the spin-offs of real estate assets at companies like Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI) and Macy s, Inc. (NYSE:M). Smith was also one of the first investors who urged Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s Marissa Mayer to consider a spin-off of the company s equity position in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA).

However, a recent guidance from the IRS regarding the spin-off of real estate can put the efforts of Smith and other activists in jeopardy. The IRS has expressed its concern with such transactions, stating that they might not align with the rules set against hiding taxable transactions under spin-off of real estate and other assets. The current legislation states that companies have to spin-off the real estate alongside a part of its active business and so far companies have been complying to this rule, but the tax authority now considers that the businesses that are included in the REITs are too small compared to the value of the real estate assets. For example, Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI)  spin-off plans also involve six LongHorn steakhouses in San Antonio, out of over 400 it owns.

Jeffrey Smith Starboard Value LP

The IRS concerns don t speak precisely that the authority is against such transactions and until the legislation is changed it can challenge some of the transactions. However, it will most likely put a stance on activist campaigns towards future spin-offs and will give companies ammunition to fight against them.

If the legislation is changed, it s likely that activists like Starboard will have to realign their strategy and focus on other aspects for unlocking shareholder value, such as the separation of some more significant parts of businesses. Around a year ago, Starboard managed to replace the entire board of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI) with its own slate of candidates, so it has the means to push on with the transaction. Although a spokesman for Darden, quoted by The Wall Street Journal, said that the company is certain that it will manage to get through with its current plans.

The eyes are also set on several other companies, including Macy s, Inc. (NYSE:M), which is also under pressure from Starboard to spin-off its real estate, which could make the company worth $125 per share, as Smith stated at the CNBC Delivering Alpha conference in New York earlier this year. The investor added that the company s real estate alone is worth $21 billion, a significant part of its $29 billion enterprise value. In its 13F for the end of the second quarter, Starboard disclosed ownership of 2.92 million shares of Macy s, roughly 0.9% of the company.

Following Smith s comments at the conference, Macy s, Inc. (NYSE:M) witnessed an increase in popularity among smart money investors. Among over 700 funds from our database, the number of investors bullish on Macy s went up to 61 from 55 during the second quarter, while the total value of their stakes surged to $2.20 billion, equal to almost 10% of the company, from $1.21 billion at the end of March. We consider the hedge fund sentiment an important metric, because our backtests showed that imitating some of hedge funds  long bets could help retail investors generate market-beating returns. Our strategy, which is followed on imitating 15 most popular small-cap picks among hedge funds from our database, has returned 118% since August 2012 and beat the S&P 500 ETF (SPY) by over 60 percentage points (see more details here). 
2015-07-06
Should You Buy YHOO Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Since the dot-com implosion in 2000, Yahoo! (YHOO) has mostly been about disappointment. There were missed opportunities, such as not purchasing companies like Facebook (FB), Twitter (TWTR) or even Google (GOOG, GOOGL). There was also the turmoil with the succession of CEOs who could not get things back on track.

Unfortunately, for the current year, YHOO stock has remained in the doldrums. So far, the stock is down grueling 22% to about $39.

But perhaps there may be an opportunity here for value investors? Maybe so. And to see, let s consider three pros and three cons of holding YHOO stock:

YHOO Stock Pros

Transformation. Since coming on board YHOO in July 2012, CEO Marissa Mayer has been working hard to reinvent the company. To this end, she has pursued an approach called the  virtuous cycle,  which involves a focus on people and products as a means to attracting better traffic and increased revenues. And she s getting traction: YHOO has once again become a company that is attracting lots of talent, receiving nearly 43,000 job applications in the first quarter. And it s making strides in terms of products: a big part of the strategy has been to jettison non-performing products and focus on those that provide the most potential for growth. Just look Mayer s heavy investments in Yahoo! Mail, which has become a key part of driving mobile traffic. And there are key acquisitions, including Flurry (a provider of mobile analytics), BrightRoll (operates an video ad network) and Tumblr (a microblogging service).

Online Video. The market has certainly been red hot lately, especially as seen with the huge success of Netflix (NFLX). Well, it looks like YHOO is making a big play for the market as well. The company has hired notable media personalities like Katie Couric and has also purchased the rights to various TV shows, like Community and The Pursuit (similar to Friends). And YHOO has been moving into events programming. Consider that the company purchased the rights to live-stream an NFL game this fall, and there is a partnership with Live Nation, which involves broadcasting concerts every day.

Capital Allocation. Mayer has been fairly disciplined, returning $9.4 billion to shareholders since becoming CEO and reducing the number of shares outstanding by 27%. During this period, she spent about $2.1 billion on M&A transactions. The balance sheet is also solid. In all, there is $6.9 billion in cash. Mayer also said she will return at least half of the proceeds of the Alibaba (BABA) spinoff to shareholders. This could be as much as $15 billion.

Next Page 
2015-06-18
Lisa Lampanelli Drops 100+ Pounds, Gains New Life From Weight Loss Journey Comedian Lisa Lampanelli gets honest about beauty with us. (Photo: Getty)

Funny lady Lisa Lampanelli has roasted everyone   from William Shatner to Donald Trump, to Pamela Anderson. And she s said some not-so-nice things Hey, the 53-year-old didn t earn her  Queen of Mean  title by praising others. But in real life Lisa is warm, funny, and open. Mean, not at all. She s written a memoir, served as a contestant on The Celebrity Apprentice, is working on a play, and has a special, Lisa Lampanelli: Back to the Drawing Board, premiering June 26 on EPIX.

Though she s happy at her current size, after a radical weight loss (formerly weighing 248 pounds), Lampanelli doesn t fancy the word  beautiful in her vocabulary. She does know that stacking herself next to others isn t productive and being self-assured is a personal thing.  When it comes to confidence, I think the term is  compare and despair.  If you compare yourself to someone who you think is better than you, you re going to always feel like a loser. If you compare yourself to someone who you perceive is worse than you, you re going to feel a false sense of one-upmanship,  says Lampanelli. Her advice:  Stop it. Say,  I m in the place I m supposed to be. That builds confidence. That lack of comparison helps you succeed and feel good about yourself on your own terms. 

On June 22, Lampanelli will take the stage at the 92Y in New York City to discuss losing 107 pounds on her own terms, and finding a new life purpose and career in the process.

Yahoo Beauty: What has changed for you, over the past few years?

Lisa Lampanelli: I had gastric sleeve surgery in 2012, and it started this big chain reaction of me changing my whole life over. I turned back the clock. I m reliving my life. I lost about 90 pounds in 9 months, and lost about 107 total. I just felt like I was 19 again and could do things over.

What kind of things did you re-do?

I went back to school. I went to Yale drama summer school, and I just started doing things differently. I ended up getting a divorce, because the marriage just wasn t working for either one of us. It resulted in this pretty major transformation spiritually, and emotionally too.

Where has that taken you to today?

I m kind of shifting the focus of my career from hardcore standup to more of humorous comedy with a message of acceptance in it.

How did this journey begin?

I never was overweight as a kid. I went away to college at 18, and I was lonely. I probably shouldn t have gone away to college. I just didn t feel ready. I felt younger than everybody else, even though I wasn t. That s when I started emotionally eating and using food as medication, just like other people use alcohol or drugs or pot or shopping or anything else. I gained weight, and that started a 32-year struggle with weight and exercise and body image problems. I didn t have a handle on it, at all.

Lisa Lampanelli in 2012. (Photo: Getty Images)

What made you decide to have the procedure?

When I hit 50, a friend of mine had had the surgery. He said his doctor was a really warm, great guy. I figured I d meet with him once. My husband, at the time, and I went in. We met with this doctor in New Jersey. We loved his energy and his vibe. He said,  How many people do you see at 70 years old who are as overweight as you guys are?  We each had 100 pounds to lose. I was like,  Wow, am I going to cut my life short for food and emotional eating? Forget it.  We signed up that day. We were like,  We re doing this. This is ridiculous. 

Read More BrightRoll Expands Technology Infrastructure to Drive Programmatic Video ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BrightRoll, a division of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), announced today the international expansion of its technology infrastructure into Hong Kong with Equinix, the global interconnection and data center company. This move highlights the growth of digital advertising in the Asia Pacific region (APAC) and increasing demand for BrightRoll s programmatic video advertising solutions across the region.

According to eMarketer, APAC boasts over 1.33 billion Internet users - the largest online population of any region in the world - which attracted a total digital ad spend of $41B in 2014. With expansion into Equinix s Hong Kong data center facilities, advertisers can access the BrightRoll Marketplace in APAC and connect to thousands of publishers in the region, including Yahoo owned and operated (O&O) inventory.

 Yahoo and BrightRoll are putting the technology in place to help our customers execute global video ad campaigns and meet their KPIs by delivering powerful, yet flexible, solutions that allow them to reach their audiences wherever they are,  said Tod Sacerdoti, CEO of BrightRoll.  The newest data center in APAC is an extension of the robust infrastructure we ve built in the US and Europe, and underscores our commitment to building the industry s leading programmatic video advertising solutions. 

BrightRoll delivers scalable programmatic solutions that enable advertisers to maximize ROI on video ad spend, while helping publishers maximize revenue for their video ad inventory. Benefits of this newest data center include:

Access to more inventory: Advertisers can connect to the BrightRoll Marketplace in APAC via their demand side platform (DSP) and bid on inventory to reach new audiences in the region.

Advertisers can connect to the BrightRoll Marketplace in APAC via their demand side platform (DSP) and bid on inventory to reach new audiences in the region. More successful bids: DSPs will experience lower latency once connected to the new Hong Kong data center and have more time to make better decisions on behalf of advertisers.

DSPs will experience lower latency once connected to the new Hong Kong data center and have more time to make better decisions on behalf of advertisers. Increased efficiency: Publishers connected to the new Hong Kong data center will be exposed to new demand sources, while experiencing lower latency, increased impression rates, a reduction in waste and maximization in revenue opportunity.

Publishers connected to the new Hong Kong data center will be exposed to new demand sources, while experiencing lower latency, increased impression rates, a reduction in waste and maximization in revenue opportunity. Better ad viewing experience: Consumers in APAC will experience 50 percent reduction in latency and an overall better ad viewing experience, resulting from the data center s strategic location to the broader APAC region.

 In a city where the internet penetration rate reaches over 73 percent, we ve seen a growing number of content and digital advertising companies deploying in Equinix s Hong Kong data centers in a bid to accelerate data exchange and achieve high performance,  said Alex Tam, Managing Director of Equinix Hong Kong.  BrightRoll and Equinix have had tremendous success in helping grow the programmatic advertising market by bringing together ad buyers and sellers in a dynamic business ecosystem. We're excited that our partnership has enabled BrightRoll to scale their business to new markets by leveraging our global data center platform and look forward to continued success in the Asian market. 

 AudienceScience is seeing a huge increase in demand in Asian markets and we ve integrated with the BrightRoll Marketplace to execute multi-screen video ad buys in real-time in the region,  said Jeff Hochberg, Vice President of Business Development at AudienceScience.  With its global footprint, BrightRoll provides the largest scale and reach to help our customers make smarter buying decisions and execute data-driven campaigns. 

This latest expansion builds on BrightRoll s robust hybrid-cloud infrastructure, which offers superior efficacy by analyzing billions of data points with real-time response. BrightRoll s technical infrastructure manages more than 100 billion global inventory requests per month and is capable of processing 2.8 million transactions per second and recording more than 45 billion data points per day.

About BrightRoll

BrightRoll, a division of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), builds software that automates and improves digital video advertising globally. BrightRoll offers the industry s leading programmatic video solutions, including a demand side platform and marketplace. These solutions help advertisers, publishers and partners grow their business and connect with consumers on web, mobile and TV. BrightRoll powers digital video advertising for 87 of the top 100 Ad Age advertisers, 41 of the top 50 publishers, and more than 100 technology partners. To learn more, visit brightroll.com. Windstream Spinoff Not An Augur Of More Telecom REITs Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Yahoo Japan Invests In Monk's Hill Ventures' Fund For Southeast Asia Southeast Asia-based VC firm Monk s Hill Ventures has welcomed a big name investor to its list of LPs after Yahoo Japan, the internet portal and $24 billion valued joint venture between Yahoo and SoftBank*, invested an undisclosed amount into its inaugural fund.

Monk s Hill is a relatively new addition to the investor landscape in Southeast Asia, but it is a firm bubbling with credentials. Founded last year by principals Peng T. Ong   co-founder of Match.com and founder of NASDAQ-listed Interwoven   and Kuo-Yi Lim, formerly CEO of Infocomm Investments, its initial fund is targeted at reaching $80 million.

There was (and still is, for that matter) room for additional LPs. Yahoo Japan   which invested via its YJ Capital fund   is one such late arrival. Lim told TechCrunch in an interview that the remaining slots for the first fund   which he said would be active for  three to four more years, at the very least    will be filled by the end of September.

Lim declined to say exactly how much Yahoo Japan added to the coffers, but he called it an  important and strategic investor . Beyond a validation for the year-old VC firm, it s a partner that will unlock new opportunities, Lim said.

 The fund will retain the same focus on startups across Southeast Asia,  he explained.  But [Yahoo Japan s involvement] adds a different dimension in terms of market potential for our portfolio companies. 

Specifically, the two organizations intend to work together to expand each others  networks, source new deals and help portfolio companies enter Japan.

To date, Monk s Hill   which has offices in Singapore and Jakarta, Indonesia   has opened its purse for just four startups. Lim said, however, that a number of new deals and follow-on investments will be announced soon.

Southeast Asia has long attracted interest from Japanese investors, there are at least a dozen firms or funds from the country active in the region. YJ Capital began investing in the region this year   with participation in rounds for Singapore s Astroscale and VIP Plaza in Indonesia   and its involvement in Monk s Hill Ventures  fund suggests that there s a lot more to come

Monk s Hill isn t just focused on Southeast Asia, however. A small chunk of its fund is available for general investments, and particularly global firms that expand into Southeast Asia, Lim said. At this point, few companies have made that move, but Lim said he believes that it is still early days.

*Point of note: Yahoo is still figuring out exactly what to do with its 35.5 percent share of Yahoo Japan   worth an incredible $9 billion   following its move to spin out its lucrative stake in Alibaba. Yahoo CFO Ken Goldman recently told an investor call only that U.S. firm is  focused on maximizing value of our stake  in its Japanese venture.

Update: The original version of this story was edited to clarify that YJ Capital is investing in the fund, not Yahoo Japan directly. TouchPal Announces Strategic Partnership With Yahoo!  
2015-02-21
What Yahoo Investors Should Expect In 2015 And 2016 From The Stock  
2015-10-30
Third Circuit Gives TCPA Litigants Additional Support On October 23, 2015, a Third Circuit Court of Appeals decision gave Telephone Consumer Protection Act ( TCPA ) plaintiffs additional ammunition supporting an expanded definition of an  ATDS.  In Dominguez v. Yahoo, Inc., No. 14-1751, (3d Cir. Oct. 23, 2015), based on the July 10, 2015 Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) order that expanded the definition of an automated telephone dialing system  ATDS  under the TCPA, the court vacated a prior summary judgment decision in Yahoo, Inc. s favor.

insideARM previously wrote about this case in October of last year. The facts in the case are not complicated. Dominguez received text messages from Yahoo on his cell phone. The cell phone was a reassigned telephone number. The prior owner of the phone had enrolled the number in Yahoo s text message system to receive a text notification when he received an e-mail to his Yahoo! account. The consumer alleged that Yahoo used an ATDS to send thousands of unsolicited text messages (nearly 50 to 60 per day for many months) to his cell phone, ultimately totaling 27,809 texts.

The plaintiff filed a putative TCPA class action against Yahoo, alleging a violation of the TCPA.

The TCPA provision at issue is 47 U.S.C.   227(b)(1)(A)(iii), which prevents . making  any call (other than a call made for emergency purposes or made with the prior express consent of the called party) using any ATDS  to any telephone number assigned to a  cellular telephone service. 

The TCPA defines an ATDS as:  equipment which has the capacity (A) to store or produce telephone numbers to be called, using a random or sequential number generator; and (B) to dial such numbers. 

Prior to the FCC s July order, Yahoo had successfully moved for summary judgment. Yahoo s argument was that the TCPA required an ATDS to actually have a  random or sequential number generator,  which its text-messaging system did not have. Instead, it dialed numbers from a compiled list.

The Third Circuit, however, vacated the prior summary judgment decision. The court cited two reasons in its opinion.

First, it found evidence offered by Yahoo, an affidavit from its expert stating that Yahoo s text-messaging system did not qualify as an ATDS, was  nothing more than a legal conclusion couched as a factual assertion.  The court then stated,  Because this is an issue of heightened importance in light of the 2015 FCC Ruling, and the District Court did not previously have the benefit of the FCC s ruling in addressing the issue, remand is appropriate to allow that Court to address more fully in the first instance whether Yahoo s equipment meets the statutory definition. 

Second, the court felt that the term  capacity  needed further review. The court commented,  Because this is an issue of heightened importance in light of the 2015 FCC Ruling, and the District Court did not previously have the benefit of the FCC s ruling in addressing the issue, remand is appropriate to allow that Court to address more fully in the first instance whether Yahoo s equipment meets the statutory definition. 

insideARM Perspective

This case is another blow to the ARM industry and any other business that calls cellular phones. Though the written opinion specifically states,  The disposition is not an opinion of the full Court and pursuant to Internal Operating Procedures of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (I.O.P. 5.7) does not constitute binding precedent,  you can be certain that this case will be cited in every pending TCPA case (and every case that will be filed in the future).

This case also highlights the potential exposure to businesses in TCPA litigation. The court s opinion highlights the potential exposure,  A successful plaintiff under the TCPA is entitled to $500 in damages per violation. 47 U.S.C.   227(b)(3)(B). Therefore, Dominguez stands to win $13,904,500.  The court did not address the potential treble damages if Yahoo was found to have  willfully or knowingly  violated the TCPA, nor the potential exposure if a class was certified. The numbers are staggering. Google, Facebook, Yahoo And Verizon (And Comcast, AT&T And Twitter) Have ... There s a coming scrum that will involve all the major Internet giants, and the stakes are just being set now. It s a fight for video footprint; specifically, for off-network video distribution and monetization. And it has heated up significantly over the past year, driven by a handful of expensive acquisitions and internal build-outs.

This same fight (albeit with banner ads) took place during the heyday of the display advertising market   and it s the reason for the success of Google, Yahoo and TechCrunch parent AOL, among many others. These companies started off selling their own internal inventory, then branched out to serving ads on the long-tail Internet at large. As a result, the top 35 display ad sellers account for roughly 85 percent of total digital advertising revenues. That might seem top heavy, but in online video, that same market share is held by the top five online video destinations alone.

But video is just starting to see its own distribution networks coalesce. Up to now, the problem has been a lack of available inventory. Most high-trafficked video destinations are either portals like YouTube and Facebook, or TV brands with tons of video supply like ESPN, CNN or Fox Sports.

There are very few pure-play video publishers, and the majority of where people spend their time online (the mid-to-long tail) has almost no video. Given that online video generates a 6-8X premium over display advertising, that s a lot of money being left on the table.

What s changing that now is a focused set of initiatives to bring video into the mid-to-long tail of the web. This is where the world s digital heavyweights   primarily Google, Facebook, Twitter, Verizon, Comcast, AT&T and Yahoo   are preparing to wage battle.

Google is likely to be the first aggressor. The search giant is reportedly nearing completion on a YouTube video syndication product that fits into its DoubleClick for Publishers (DFP) platform, which would allow its existing display publishers to create new video inventory so Google can then sell it. It s essentially an AdSense for video, programmatically creating new video inventory for publishers that don t necessarily create any video content.

And, of course, that video will come from YouTube. This is both Google s biggest strength and its most glaring weakness. YouTube is the world s largest repository of online video, but it has historically been way behind the ball on monetizing its video stash.

The majority of where people spend their time online has almost no video.

Perhaps more important, a number of top-tier media companies have shown hesitance around using the amateur content that dominates YouTube. Google s new video syndication product will programmatically match YouTube videos to publishers  content and visitors, but filtering out the cat videos (or the perception of them) may not be so easy.

Still, Google is the closest to completing the new three-legged stool that everyone wants: a content network, an ad platform and loads of first-party data for targeting. And its position as the biggest ad server in the world means that it has amazing data from many publishers with no video, so its automatic video matching/serving engine will likely be impressive.

Facebook bought video SSP LiveRail in its own bid for the three-legged stool, but it still doesn t have Google s off-network footprint for publisher inventory creation. Social tools do provide some data into highly trafficked sites though, and Facebook is working on the content side by trying to get publishers like The New York Times to host more content on the social network itself.

This was also the driver behind Verizon s purchase of AOL, as what Verizon was really buying was the AOL On Network (a collection of 4,000 sites where it provides and powers video) and Adap.TV, one of the best programmatic online video ad platforms. Verizon even has some low-hanging fruit ripe for picking here, as it can take its extensive first-party data and do highly intelligent targeting across AOL On s footprint to monetize it.

Even Yahoo is pushing toward the three-legged stool with its purchase of Brightroll, although it still lacks the extended publisher network across which to distribute its video. AT&T and Comcast are reportedly trying to figure out their game plans, as well, and now you could even throw Twitter into the mix with its launch of Twitter Amplify   especially since the majority of tweets are seen outside the native app.

Google, Facebook, Verizon and the like are fashioning themselves into the next generation of TV giants.

All this is setting the stakes for a land grab over how many sites and publishers each platform can monetize through. How will platforms go out and build networks? This remains to be seen. They are going to need supply from premium video brands that media companies actually want to work with, not just the YouTubes of the online realm.

And then there s the technology challenge   how do you automate the creation of new video inventory where none existed before? Google has YouTube and Verizon has AOL, but there s ample opportunity for someone to come in and automate the distribution of the existing high-quality video that advertisers already love.

This may seem like a lot of time and capital to spend on the $6 billion U.S. online video market. But the truth is, the world s largest companies are doubling down on online video syndication because they re getting ready to push aside one of the largest industries out there: television.

These online video platforms are essentially Over The Top (OTT) TV networks, and Google, Facebook, Verizon and the like are fashioning themselves into the next generation of TV giants.

The battle is just beginning. 
2015-12-16
Court Rejects  Human Intervention  Argument in TCPA Summary Judgment Motion On Monday a Federal Judge in the United States District Court, Southern District of California, denied a motion by Yahoo to bring a class action TCPA case to an early end.

The case, Sherman v. Yahoo! Inc., 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 167177, arose from a welcome text message Plaintiffs received via Yahoo s Mobile SMS Messenger Service ( PC2SMSService ), which allows registered Yahoo users to send instant messages to mobile devices from their computers through the Yahoo Messenger platform.

Yahoo had brought a motion for summary judgment in an attempt to bring an early end to the case and avoid a trial.

Editor s note: A motion for summary judgment is based upon a claim by one party (or, in some cases, both parties) that contends that all necessary factual issues are settled or so one-sided they need not be tried. The summary judgment is appropriate when the court determines there no factual issues remaining to be tried, and therefore a cause of action or all causes of action in a complaint can be decided upon certain facts without trial.

Yahoo asserted that it was entitled to summary judgment on Plaintiff s TCPA claims because text messages sent through its PC2SMSService were not sent using an  automatic telephone dialing system  (ATDS) as defined under the TCPA, but rather, required  human intervention.  Yahoo argued that the undisputed facts showed that their service does not have the capacity to send any messages without human intervention.

The court rejected Yahoo s argument. The Court found that there are genuine issues of fact as to whether Yahoo s PC2SMSService is an ATDS. The court wrote,  A reasonable jury could conclude that the welcome text is produced and sent by an ATDS as the term is defined in the TCPA. 

The case will now continue to move through the traditional legal process.

insideARM Perspective

You might be asking yourself why this text messaging case is relevant to the ARM industry. The answer: At this point in time, almost any TCPA case is relevant to the ARM industry.

The order denying summary judgment is interesting for (at least) two reasons:

First, it is a decision that comes AFTER the FCC s July, 2015 Rule Making. In the Matter of Rules & Regulations Implementing the Tel. Consumer Prot. Act of 1991, 30 FCC Rcd. 8017 (2015). It discusses how, in that 2015 Rule, the FCC instructed that  how the human intervention element applies to a particular piece of equipment is specific to each individual piece of equipment, based on how the equipment functions and depends on human intervention, and is therefore a case-by-case determination. 

Second, the court discussed several prior  human intervention  cases cited by Yahoo in support of its motion. But the court determined that  Each of these cases was decided prior to the July 2015 FCC rule making decision, and involved distinguishable fact patterns with varying amounts of human intervention by the platform user and actual sender of the text message.  Max Levchin on Yahoo and the Coming Fintech Funding Crunch Max Levchin may have just resigned from Yahoo's board, but he's still a staunch defender of CEO Marissa Mayer.

"I really respect and enjoy watching Marissa work, so I stuck around as much as I could," the PayPal co-founder said in an interview this week. "If you look at what she's accomplished so far, it's actually quite impressive. She doesn't get any public market love for it."

Levchin, now running the consumer lending startup Affirm, raised eyebrows last week when he resigned from the search giant's board of directors. He tweeted at the time that it was business, not personal: "I remain a fan and supporter of Yahoo, Marissa, her dedicated team, and the board," but Affirm "requires all the energy, brainpower, and time I can give it."

On Monday, Levchin expanded on those comments to Inc., in the process becoming the latest Silicon Valley celebrity to throw his support behind Mayer. She's facing yet another inflection point in her company's troubled recent history: Last week, Yahoo unveiled its latest plan to divorce itself from its stake in Alibaba; while this week a small hedge fund, SpringOwl Asset Management, made headlines with an extensive turnaround proposal, which calls for a new Yahoo CEO.

Levchin says he's particularly impressed with what Mayer has done with Yahoo's mobile strategy. "They have some really cool product initiatives," he says. "I was really excited just at the glimpse that we got. Hopefully they can compartmentalize all the Asian asset disposition so her mind can be occupied by things product-related."

So why exactly did he resign from the Yahoo board? Time and focus, Levchin says. He'd already quit his other board of director jobs, including Yelp's, earlier this year. "Yahoo was the one where there was the most at stake, the most complexity; I was learning a lot," he says.

But since Affirm offers loans for retailers, as their customers prepare to check out online or in person, the holiday shopping season is exactly the wrong time for outside distractions.

"Yahoo had a super-intense period with nonstop demand on the directors' time," says Levchin. "You want to fulfill your fiduciary duty; you can't just flip through a couple thousand pages of legalese. You have to understand exactly what's going on. This is literally going on right around the time of Cyber Monday and Black Friday"--peak season, in other words, for Affirm.

In a wide-ranging conversation with Inc. this week, Levchin also discussed his outlook for Affirm, his concerns for the startup economy as the Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates, and his predictions that financial startups will see funding start to dry up in 2016.

On Fintech Startups:

The so-called fintech, or financial technology, sector had an unquestionably breakout year in 2015, following the initial public offerings of online financing companies Lending Club and OnDeck a year ago. But Levchin's starting to see warning signs.

"My general view of the world is that raising money for series B will be harder in 2016 than it was in 2015 in fintech," he says. "There's a perception of oversaturation or at least significant overinvestment in too many small bets being taken by venture capital."

Affirm, which closed its own series B round this spring, is starting to get approached by startups offering to sell themselves, Levchin says. "It's still very few and far between right now, but I expect it will increase significantly," he adds. "My guess is that you will see a lot of M&A and failure activity."

On the Changing Economy:

Speaking a couple of days before the Federal Reserve was widely expected to raise interest rates for the first time in more than nine years, Levchin said he wasn't expecting much immediate impact on his business.

"We lend to the very short term," so a small bump in interest rates won't really cut into what the company's making on its loans, he says. On a more long-term basis, he adds, "the rate going up signals that the economy is on the right footing and there should be more lending going on, so that's good news. On the other hand, low rates are always a good thing if you're trying to start a lending business."

On Regulation:

Expect more of it, Levchin predicts. "One of the things that'll happen in 2016 is probably more regulatory attention to the fintech segment--which is on balance not a bad thing," he says. "It's young, there's a lot of money at stake, people are probably making some good and some not so good decisions, so I think that's reasonable and expected."

But unlike traditional banks, most online lenders and finance companies are not regulated by the federal banking agencies. That's starting to change: This summer, the Treasury Department said it was looking into marketplace lending; and in November, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said it was also interested in the sector.

Levchin has a front seat to this regulatory scrutiny, as a new member of the CFPB's consumer-advisory board. And he sounds pretty sanguine about the impact of increased regulations on fintech. Regulators always want to know, "What's the worst that could happen here? How do we make sure the consumer's ultimately protected?'" he says. "So long as there are intelligent people on both sides of the table and there's communication, it's hard to imagine things going too terribly out of whack."

On Affirm:

The consumer finance startup, which Levchin co-founded in 2012, had a packed year: It tripled employee ranks, to 100; quintupled distribution, to more than 500 merchants who offer its loans as customers check out; and unveiled several new products, including student loans for coders and a layaway program for people who want to apply for Affirm's loans in person rather than online.

Next up for Levchin in 2016? More new products, which he wouldn't discuss yet; and "probably my number one resolution is to hire more engineers, because my engineers are overworked," he says. "I think that's every CEO's resolution in Silicon Valley right now." Why Softbank Matters to Japan Inc.  Goodbye, Dubai: Yahoo to Shutter Final Office in Mideast Yahoo is essentially shuttering its operations in the Mideast, with plans to close its final 50-person office in Dubai.

I got a series of emails from impacted employees today, who are obviously unhappy. Yahoo also confirmed the move to Gulf Business in a typical we re-so-sorry statement, noting the office would shut down by April. This came after the Silicon Valley Internet giant had said it would keep the office open after previous layoffs last year.

The sad end to its foray in the region came six years after the company bought Arabic social network Maktoob.com for close to $170 million in 2009, with great hopes of expansion there. At one point, Yahoo had 400 employees all over the area, including in Amman, Jordan, and Cairo, Egypt, as well as 65 million users.

Under the now troubled leadership of Marissa Mayer, Yahoo has pulled back internationally. It also lost its well-regarded international head Dawn Airey earlier this year. Yahoo! Inc to close final office in mideast- Recode - Reuters  
2015-07-23
Yahoo Promotes Head of Americas Sales to Chief Revenue Officer Yahoo! Inc. promoted Lisa Utzschneider, its senior vice president for sales in the Americas, to chief revenue officer as the company looks to fuel growth.

Since joining from Amazon.com Inc. last year, she has integrated Yahoo s sales teams with those from acquired companies such as blogging platform Tumblr, video startup BrightRoll and mobile-services company Flurry, Yahoo said in a statement Thursday. Utzschneider will run the company s global sales organization in her new role.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer is looking for new ways to attract ad dollars as she seeks to turn around the struggling Web portal. The Sunnyvale, California-based company disappointed investors Tuesday when it forecast a measure of third-quarter sales at $1 billion to $1.04 billion, short of the $1.07 billion predicted by analysts. Second-quarter revenue was little changed from a year earlier at $1.04 billion

 Lisa s successful leadership of our Americas sales team and proven experience building global businesses will be invaluable,  Mayer said in the statement.

Mayer fired Chief Operating Officer Henrique de Castro last year, amid disappointment with his efforts to boost growth. Windows 10: Which Version Should You Get? Microsoft s Windows 10 is coming to a computer near you in a little more than a week. And, like its two most recent predecessors (the widely reviled Windows 8 and fan favorite Windows 7), Windows 10 will be available in a wide variety of different flavors.

More specifically, Microsoft is going to be selling seven versions of Windows this time around (because making things easy is apparently overrated).

Which of those seven will be right for you? Which ones should you avoid at all costs? You ve got those and other questions; we ve got answers.

Read More: Inside Windows Cortana: The Most Human AI Ever Built



SEVEN versions of Windows 10? What s up with that?!

No need to freak, that s just how Microsoft rolls. They release multiple versions of their operating systems to make sure that the right mix of features go to the right kinds of users. After all, if you re a solitary gamer at home, your list of Windows requirements will be way different from those of an IT manager at a Fortune 500 company.

Fair enough. So what are these different versions of Windows 10?

Roughly in order of complexity, they are: Windows 10 Home, Windows 10 Pro, Windows 10 Education, Windows 10 Enterprise, Windows 10 Mobile, Windows 10 Mobile Enterprise, and Windows 10 IoT Core.

That s, um, a lot.

If it makes you feel any better, the only versions most end users will need to consider are Windows 10 Home, Windows 10 Pro, and Windows 10 Mobile.

What are the differences between those three?

Windows 10 Home is the base version of Windows 10 and comes with all of the cool new features Microsoft has been touting, including Cortana, the classic Start menu, and new Edge Web browser. This is the version of Windows 10 that most people will end up installing on their home computers.

Windows 10 Pro takes all of the features of Windows 10 Home and adds some data encryption tools, remote desktop support, and a few other tools meant for small business users. For most individuals, Windows 10 Pro will be overkill, but for some business folks it ll be just right.

Windows 10 Mobile, meanwhile, will be the version of Windows 10 that will come installed on Windows Phone. If you ve got a Windows Phone 8 handset, you ll be eligible for a free upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile on July 29. Stock Market News for July 23, 2015  Yahoo ramps up tech to compete with daily fantasy sports pioneers Yahoo, a trailblazer in the world of online fantasy sports, recently released a daily fantasy service, and the company plans to use its experience to compete with pioneers such as DraftKings and FanDuel in the daily fantasy market. It was a natural move for the fantasy sports mainstay, which launched its first offering in the late 90s, but it required technology innovation.



"From an industry standpoint, if there was any doubt about the legitimacy of daily fantasy sports, the Yahoo announcement made it very clear that there's a business opportunity in this area," says Ben Shields, a lecturer in managerial communication at the MIT Sloan School of Management and author of The Sports Strategist: Developing Leaders for a High-Performance Industry and The Elusive Fan: Reinventing Sports in a Crowded Marketplace.

Nearly 57 million people in the United States and Canada participate in fantasy sports, and daily fantasy sports services are getting more and more popular. Today almost 20 percent of all fantasy sports players exclusively use daily services, up from 8 percent in 2013, according to the Fantasy Sports Trade Association.

Daily vs. season-long fantasy sports

Daily fantasy sports leagues are different than season-long offerings because users enter new competitions with varying entry fees, and draft new rosters within a certain salary cap, every day. Winnings are then divvyed up based on user rank at the end of the day, instead of at the end of a season. In traditional fantasy sports leagues, users draft only one team at the start of the season, for the entire season, and they can only make changes using free agent pickups and trades along the way   similar to how real sports teams operate. Daily competitions mean companies such as Yahoo can draw money from customers on a daily basis instead of only once at the beginning of a season.

[Related: Inside Fantasy Baseball at ESPN]

Yahoo declined to say when exactly it started focusing on the daily fantasy operation but said it is something the company had been working on "for a while." Yahoo decided to enter the market because of high demand from users. It started with MLB baseball and will move on to the NFL, NBA and NHL within the coming year, as each season begins.

The tech behind Yahoo fantasy sports

"Daily fantasy is a different beast," says Kelly Hirano, vice president of engineering at Yahoo Sports. The efforts required some tweaks, new technologies and the proper allocation of staff so the final product appeared seamless to both new and experienced users. Yahoo had a solid foundation but had to factor in different conditions, including the higher volume of payment processing, contest creation optimizations and regulatory compliance. "We've beefed up resourcing on customer care, business operations, engineering, design and other areas to handle the additional work."

Yahoo IT team built a new technology stack, but most of the core infrastructure, deployment and operations remained the same. The company uses a geographically distributed, high availability architecture and multiple environments for quality assurance, staging and performance testing to catch bugs. "Given this infrastructure, we're deploying several times a day with no human involvement," Hirano says.

Yahoo also turned to open source technologies, including Node.js, Redis and Storm to handle the daily operations. Hirano says Node.js helps Yahoo take advantage of expressive programming paradigms, and it's easy to find people who know how to work with the platform.

[Related: 8 ways analytics are changing pro sports ]

Using Redis and Storm for the daily operation will help Yahoo maintain site speed in high traffic situations, according to Hirano. For example, during NFL Sundays, Yahoo's traffic spikes when a popular player scores and millions of people check their phones to see how their team was impacted.

"Unfortunately for us, these customized scoring calls to our servers are quite expensive since unique league scoring and lineups make caching very difficult," Hirano says. "With Storm, every time a game update comes through our system, we're able to update all scores for all players in just a few seconds and store the results in Redis; essentially preprocessing and caching versus processing at serve time. Now the same real-time scoring calls are extremely fast since they are key lookups as opposed to customized calculations."

Hirano says they plan to use open source technologies for their traditional fantasy sports operations as well. "[T]his is not just a change for technology's sake; our users will see the benefit of a faster Web and app experience, as well as more personalized fantasy scores across our products."

Yahoo brought together engineers from across the company to work on the daily operation and tapped employees from its labs team with experience in payments, analytics and science.

Daily fantasy sports, Yahoo and the competition

Yahoo's daily competitors DraftKings, which was founded in 2012 and had $30 million in revenue in 2014, and FanDuel, founded in 2009 with $57 million in revenue last year, entered the daily fantasy market before Yahoo and exclusively offered daily fantasy competitions. Behind the scenes, DraftKings has a team of 75 engineers that manage the apps, website and analytics platforms, which were all built internally. The company hosts its hundreds of servers on Amazon's cloud and uses open source platforms such as MySQL and Node.js. The company uses 10 to 12 different analytics systems to crunch data on user behavior and marketing campaigns, among other things.

Paul Liberman, cofounder and COO at DraftKings, says the next few sports seasons are going to be a busy time for the company now that Yahoo is in the mix. "Yahoo is a renowned digital company and them choosing our space serves as proof of the growing popularity of [daily fantasy sports]." (CIO.com reached out to FanDuel for comment but didn't receive a response in time for publication.)

DraftKings and FanDuel have the lion's share of partnerships with different sports leagues, teams and networks. For example, FanDuel has a deal with the NBA and Sirius XM Radio, and DraftKings is partnered with MLB, NHL and ESPN. Each company also has several deals with different NFL teams. Yahoo has yet to form partnerships with any major players, but MIT's Shields expects the company to excel, even though it's unclear which organization will win the most players in the daily fantasy arena.

"Yahoo is operating from a position of strength," Shields says. "If you're already playing the regular [fantasy] game on Yahoo, you may be more likely to try the daily sports platform as well." 
2015-05-26
Google, Yahoo Have Had Talks to Buy Flipboard Several Internet giants have inquired about buying Flipboard Inc., maker of a newsreader app that has recently signaled it is open to acquisition discussions, according to people familiar with the matter.

In recent weeks, Google Inc. and Yahoo Inc. have both reached out and held early discussions with Flipboard, three of the people said. Those talks have involved ideas around how products could be integrated, but they haven t evolved... 5 Stocks Protecting Your Privacy News

Memorial Day is a very nostalgic, solemn day for me.

America is a nation of immigrants, and most of us can trace our roots to some place other than the US. For many Americans, this means European ancestry.

I can t claim any lineage to any passengers on the Mayflower, nor did any of my ancestors cross the vast prairies of the Midwest in covered wagons. Like yours, however, my ancestors came to America in search of a better life.

My grandfather, Fusakichi Sagami, was from Hiroshima, Japan. He traveled across the Pacific Ocean in 1893 as a kitchen helper on an American sail-powered freighter. He continued to work in galleys on any ship that would hire him, including a short stint on the naval schooner USS Augusta.

He married Mitsu, a picture bride, in 1906, started a small vegetable farm in western Washington, and produced 10 children including my father, Ken.

Fusakichi, Mitsu, and their 10 children were among the 110,000 American citizens of Japanese ancestry held in the World War II internment camps, and despite being unjustly imprisoned and stripped of his land, Fusakichi believed so strongly in America that he ordered all his sons to volunteer for the US Army.

 You may very well die, but you MUST do this to prove that we are loyal to America,  he told his eight sons from behind the barbed wired walls of the Minidoka War Relocation Center in Idaho.

Six of the eight Sagami boys volunteered and joined the US Army, and all of them fought in the highly decorated 442nd Infantry Regiment. One of them, my Uncle Yohei, died in France and was posthumously awarded a Silver Star and Bronze Star.

Family friends tell me that my grandmother was never the same after Yohei died. She wore his dog tags around her neck and rubbed the metal completely smooth over the next 50 years of her life. It was almost like she was self-medicating the hole that was in her heart.

 And they who for their country die shall fill an honored grave, for glory lights the soldier s tomb, and beauty weeps the brave. 

 Joseph Drake

Stand for Uncle Sam

My father ferociously worshiped four things: Jesus, my mother, hard work, and the United States of America. He was so fiercely patriotic, my grandfather and I believe the biggest disappointment I ever caused him was my failure to serve our country.

I turned 18 during the tail end of the Vietnam War, and my father pushed me to go the ROTC route for college. I reluctantly signed up for Navy ROTC and received an appointment, but I dropped out of the program eight days before the start of my freshman year  succumbing to the tears of a long-gone high school girlfriend.

My quitting ROTC disappointed him so badly that he didn t talk to me until Christmas of that year. Of course he loved me, but I m not sure he ever fully forgave me.

So what s this got to do with investing?

My father died in 2009 at 93 years old, but I know he would be disgusted at the government for snooping into our phone calls and e-mails, IRS abuse of power, and other intrusions on the freedoms that the Sagami boys fought for in World War II.

Strong feelings translate into opportunities for businesses. Some companies are now looking at ways to help those of us who don t want the government sticking its nose into our lives (especially, our electronic lives).

Remember, people won t use technology they don t trust. Companies like Google (GOOG) , Facebook (FB) , Apple (AAPL) , Yahoo! (YHOO) and Twitter (TWTR) have already admitted giving the government access to our personal information, and that taints my view of them.

Here are five companies that make it their business to protect private information from prying eyes:

Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA)

Fortinet Inc. (FTNT)

Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP)

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW)

CyberArk Software, Ltd. (CYBR)

Currently all five provide Internet security solutions to corporations, instead of individuals, but they are experiencing very rapid growth.

One private company Wickr should go public in the near future with fantastic potential. Wickr uses military-grade encryption technology to send texts, photos, and videos between users. Plus, Wickr, itself, has zero access to any messages, so it can t give the government access even if ordered to do so.

Of course, timing is everything, so you should wait for my buy signal before you jump into any stock  but personal privacy and online security are going to be one of the biggest, most profitable businesses going forward, and you should look for ways to get them in your portfolio.

********************************

Memorial Day was originally known as  Decoration Day  and was created in 1868 to commemorate the Union and Confederate soldiers who died during the Civil War.

Today, it honors all the American servicemen and servicewomen who sacrificed their lives for our country, but sadly, the true meaning of Memorial Day has gradually been lost to many.

For many, Memorial Day has become an extra day off from work that includes barbecue hamburgers and baseball, instead of a solemn day to reflect and remember the brave men and women who gave their lives for America s values and freedom.

 Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn t pass it on to our children in the bloodstream. The only way they can inherit the freedom we have known is if we fight for it, protect it, defend it and then hand it to them with the well thought lessons of how they in their lifetime must do the same. 

 Ronald Reagan

Freedoms, including the right to privacy, are what my Uncle Yohei and thousands of other American soldiers fought for, and I hope that all of us take a moment to remember those fallen veterans.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer Google's Software for Cars Finally Hits the Road, in the 2015 Hyundai Sonata Google s Android is the most popular smartphone operating system in the world, and now the little green robot is coming for your car.

Hyundai has announced that its 2015 Sonata will be the first production vehicle in the world to come loaded with Google s new Android Auto operating system.

Android Auto is a version of Google s Android OS that runs exclusively in vehicles. The system was developed to provide you with easier access to your smartphone s features, like music streaming, phone calls, and navigation, all on your car s dashboard screen.

Read more: Everything You Need to Know About Apple CarPlay and Android Auto

How does Android Auto work? It s pretty simple actually. When you get into your Sonata, you connect your Android phone (it has to be running Android 5.0 Lollipop) to the car s USB port. You ll then be prompted to download the Android Auto companion app to your phone.

Once you download the app, you can start using the software.

If you already own a 2015 Sonata, don t panic. Later this summer Hyundai will make the Android Auto update available via download through the automaker s website. Once you download the software, you ll have to load it onto a USB drive and insert that into your car s USB port. The car will take care of the rest.

Android Auto s apps are designed to look like standard Android apps to ensure you can easily identify them the fist time you use them. So the Maps app will feature the same icon as Google Maps, and the Music app will look like Google Music.



You ll also be able to use third-party apps like Spotify, iHeartRadio, NPR, Skype and more. You won t be able to visit websites or play games using the software.

Android Auto will eventually be landing on vehicles from automakers ranging from Audi to Volvo.

Of course, Google isn t the only tech company invading the automotive industry. Apple s CarPlay software is also coming to a several automakers, and will offer similar features. Like Android Auto, CarPlay sports the same design language as Apple s iOS apps, to make sure using the service is as easy as possible.

We ll be getting some time Hyundai s new Sonata in the coming weeks, so stay tuned for our impressions.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley or on Google+.



For all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook here!

 
2015-09-15
Has time run out on Marissa Mayer to save Yahoo? Wall Street is throwing in the towel on Yahoo. It seems that investors have no faith in the company's turnaround efforts under CEO Marissa Mayer.

Shares of Yahoo (YHOO, Tech30) are now trading around $30, just 3% above the 52-week low that it (and many other stocks) hit during the height of the market's panic on August 24.

That's bad news. All of Yahoo's peers have rebounded sharply from the fear-induced lows of August 24.

Yahoo is now down 40% this year.

Brain drain and Alibaba woes. The company's chief marketing officer just left, adding to worries about a brain drain at the company following the departures of its chief accounting officer, vice president of analytics and the executive in charge of Yahoo's home page earlier this year.

Last week, the IRS rejected Yahoo's request for a ruling that would allow the company to spin-off its 384 million shares in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba (BABA, Tech30) in a tax-free manner.

Related: Yahoo loses top marketing executive Kathy Savitt

Making matters worse, Alibaba's stock price has imploded this year too. So the value of what was once Yahoo's crown jewel is becoming more like cubic zirconia than a diamond by the day -- regardless of what happens with the IRS.

I guess when it rains it pours for Yahoo. (Purple rain, perhaps?)

It's questionable if Mayer can convince a skeptical Wall Street that her strategy to revive Yahoo will ever work. To her credit, she has been saying the right things.

She's talked about how Yahoo must become a bigger player in social, video and mobile. She's stressed that Yahoo, despite its troubles, still has a fairly large audience for its many sites.

And she's also preached patience -- that it will take a while for some of her efforts (including a slew of small acquisitions) to bear fruit.

Related: IRS rejects Yahoo's tax-free request on Alibaba spinoff

There has been some progress. Sales are expected to increase by 15% this year, but that will merely bring Yahoo back to the amount of revenue it had at the end of 2012. And analysts are expecting sales growth to slow again next year to just 1%.

Growls from Yahoo bears grow louder. That's not good enough. Mayer has been CEO for more than three years now. So the honeymoon period is over.

Mayer's critics are becoming increasingly vocal.

NYU Stern School of Business marketing professor Scott Galloway told Bloomberg last week that he thought Yahoo should be "euthanized" and added that Mayer is the most "overpaid CEO in history" and still has her job only because she just announced she was pregnant with twins.

Those remarks are a bit over the line if you ask me. But it's understandable why people are so frustrated.

Mayer was supposed to be the CEO that could finally make Yahoo a Wall Street powerhouse again. She would succeed where her numerous predecessors failed. Yahoo had 7 CEOs since 2001 before Mayer.

Investors want to see concrete signs that Yahoo can gain more ground in the digital ad market against the likes of Google (GOOGL, Tech30), Facebook (FB, Tech30), Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Verizon's (VZ, Tech30) AOL and Twitter (TWTR, Tech30).

Related: Alibaba fights back against negative magazine story

It would help if Mayer finally unloaded its Alibaba shares as well as a 35.6% stake in Yahoo Japan (YAHOF). Mayer will have more cash to play with if she can figure out what to do with the Asian assets.

"Alibaba is still what drives Yahoo. After that, there's Yahoo Japan. Then there's the core business of Yahoo, which is mostly an afterthought for now," said Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research.

Some hope on the horizon? Interestingly though, most analysts still back Mayer even though the market does not.

According to FactSet Research, the consensus price target for the stock is about $47, nearly 60% above current levels.

Last week, Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak reiterated his $51 target on Yahoo. He even called the stock a "fantasy sleeper" since he believes that Yahoo's new daily fantasy football product will boost profits next year.

It will be interesting to see if Nowak and other Yahoo bulls ultimately wind up being right or not. For now though, Yahoo and Mayer continue to polarize Wall Street. IRS Guidance Could Slow Plans For Tax-Free Spinoffs PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-09-24
Matt Blomstedt Joins PLS, Inc. as Managing Director, PLS Energy Advisors HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - September 24, 2015) - PLS, Inc. is pleased to announce that Matt Blomstedt has joined the firm as Managing Director of its PLS Energy Advisors business unit in Houston, Texas. Mr. Blomstedt was most recently Managing Partner for Ridge Place Oil & Gas, where he sourced and evaluated new acquisition opportunities and raised capital with multiple industry partners. Prior to Ridge Place, Mr. Blomstedt was with Sabine Oil & Gas, where he was responsible for the management, negotiation, and execution of acquisitions and joint ventures that totaled more than $1.4 billion. Mr. Blomstedt s experience also includes prior roles at SandRidge Energy and Shell. Mr. Blomstedt received his MBA from the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin and his BA in Economics from Texas State University.

"Matt began his career as a landman and has successfully developed unique A&D and leadership skills. We are excited to welcome Matt to PLS where he will be responsible for expanding our strong A&D platform. PLS has renamed this platform PLS Energy Advisors and will build on its strong track record in the A&D space where we already handle $300 million a year in asset sales," said Ronyld Wise, President of PLS, Inc.

PLS is an integrated information, transaction and advisory firm that provides buyers, sellers and capital providers the information and services they need to manage their portfolio and conduct profitable transactions. As part of these services, PLS runs an aggressive divestment practice in the middle market, typically closing over 30-35 transactions a year, with select deals up to $100 million. On the advisory side, PLS has also originated transactions for clients as large as $600 million . PLS works in the U.S., Canada and overseas markets with current international assignments in South America, Africa and Indonesia.

For more information, please visit www.plsx.com

Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/9/23/11G055324/Images/MattBlomstedt-162845307717.jpg

 
2015-10-13
Toyota Partners With Yahoo and Live Nation to Extend Music Initiatives LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Toyota, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Live Nation (NYSE:LYV) have partnered to create original content that highlights new and emerging musicians from Toyota-sponsored music festivals across North America, as well as live streamed concerts on Yahoo. With this collaboration, Toyota will be the exclusive sponsor of Rising (https://rising.yahoo.com/), a new destination on Yahoo Music that gives fans an early look at artists before they become headliners, in addition to sponsoring live streamed concerts on the Live Nation Channel on Yahoo.

 Through interactive activations at music festivals, the partnership will serve as an opportunity to amplify the onsite experience by maintaining engagement with fans long after the festival ends,  said Dionne Colvin-Lovely, Director, Traditional and New Media, Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc.  By bringing music and artists to consumers to view anytime and anywhere, the partnership strengthens Toyota s effort to connect with fans in a meaningful and relevant way. 

This partnership is the newest development in Toyota s efforts to expand its integrated music initiative, Toyota Music. Music enthusiasts can enjoy reading exclusive editorial features from Yahoo Music editors and curated partners in Rising, presented by Toyota. Rising also features video recaps from the Toyota tent at key music festivals across the country, including new and emerging talent secured by SpinMedia. Fans can witness their favorite artists up close and personal on Rising, with unrivaled artist access through interviews and behind-the-scenes original content such as a new in-studio video series including a performance by Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats. Toyota is also creating custom content for their Toyota Music Tumblr page, by tapping into popular artists from the Tumblr Creatrs Network. Rising and the brand s Tumblr page will also feature exciting content from Toyota-sponsored festivals this year such as Lollapalooza, Outside Lands, Nocturnal Wonderland, and Life is Beautiful.

 Brands like Toyota want to engage audiences through great video content that connects them to artists in authentic, exclusive ways,  said Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Revenue Officer, Yahoo.  By creating music experiences that not only resonate with their consumers but centrally feature the brand, we re helping Toyota maximize their presence in the music space across digital, mobile and social platforms. 

Additionally, Toyota will sponsor upcoming Live Nation music festivals such as Voodoo Music + Arts Experience, which will be live streamed on the Live Nation Channel on Yahoo. Yahoo has become a destination for online live music events. The first year of Live Nation programming on Yahoo received more than 135 million streams worldwide.

 This collaboration among Toyota, Yahoo and Live Nation exemplifies the type we strive for,  said Kevin Chernett, Live Nation s Executive Vice President of Strategic Partnerships.  From the Voodoo festival live stream on Yahoo, to the incredible Toyota activation at the event, to Toyota s advertising support to the Live Nation Channel on Yahoo, we can touch the consumer in so many exciting ways, exponentially expanding Toyota s reach to music fans. 

Toyota Music aims to connect with a vast audience of music fans by giving consumers a peek into the live entertainment experience. For more information and to view festival content, editorial and video features, visit: https://rising.yahoo.com/.

About Toyota

Toyota (NYSE:TM), the world's top automaker and creator of the Prius and the Mirai fuel cell vehicle, is committed to building vehicles for the way people live through our Toyota, Lexus and Scion brands. Over the past 50 years, we ve built more than 25 million cars and trucks in North America, where we operate 14 manufacturing plants (10 in the U.S.) and directly employ more than 42,000 people (more than 33,000 in the U.S.). Our 1,800 North American dealerships (1,500 in the U.S.) sold more than 2.67 million cars and trucks (more than 2.35 million in the U.S.) in 2014   and about 80 percent of all Toyota vehicles sold over the past 20 years are still on the road today.

Toyota partners with philanthropic organizations across the country, with a focus on education, safety and the environment. As part of this commitment, we share the company s extensive know-how garnered from building great cars and trucks to help community organizations and other nonprofits expand their ability to do good. For more information about Toyota, visit www.toyotanewsroom.com.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

About Live Nation Entertainment

Live Nation Entertainment (NYSE: LYV) is the world's leading live entertainment company comprised of global market leaders: Ticketmaster, Live Nation Concerts, Live Nation Media & Sponsorship and Artist Nation Management. For additional information, visit www.livenationentertainment.com. If you think your emails are private, think again When you type up a racy email to a loved one, do you consider the details private?

Most of us would probably say yes, even though such messages often end up filtered through intelligence agencies and service providers.

On the other hand, as the digital world becomes more personalized, consumers have begun to accept, appreciate and apparently request relevant connections between their online behavior and displayed advertisements.

It s fairly commonplace now. Type camping gear into your browser, and for the next few weeks you ll see online ads for shoes, stoves, shirts and even fashion accessories, all specially designed for camping.

But when you send an email to a family member, or when you receive an email from a friend, do you expect the same type of follow-on advertising as you do from internet searches?

Or do you expect some different level of privacy simply because the information is cloaked in an email?

That s the issue at stake in a pending lawsuit against Yahoo! Inc.

The case against Yahoo

Plaintiffs filed an email privacy lawsuit against Yahoo in the US District Court for the Northern District of California under several privacy laws, including the Stored Communications Act (SCA)   a federal law that prohibits an email service provider from knowingly divulging to any person or entity the contents of a communication while in electronic storage.

Under the SCA, an email service provider may, however, properly disclose the contents of such communications with the lawful consent of the originator or an addressee or the intended recipient of such communication.

Earlier this year in May, Judge Lucy Koh granted plaintiffs  request to proceed in the lawsuit as a nationwide class action.

Class actions allow plaintiffs with identical or similar claims to come together as a group in one lawsuit against a common defendant, rather than each plaintiff bringing his or her own individual lawsuit against the same defendant. Typically, many of the claimants would not have the resources to pursue their individual claims for oftentimes relatively modest economic damages. A class action allows them to pool their resources, hire attorneys on a contingency basis to limit or eliminate plaintiffs  out-of-pocket expenses and seek potentially larger awards than would likely result from a series of individual lawsuits.

Koh is the same judge who denied class action certification in a similar email privacy case against Google last year. The key difference, as Judge Koh noted in her May ruling, is that the plaintiffs in the Yahoo case sought to include in the class of plaintiffs only non-Yahoo Mail subscribers, while the plaintiffs in the Google case tried to include subscribers as well.

This is important because of the issue of notice and consent: did non-Yahoo Mail subscribers have notice of (and thereby consent to) Yahoo s publicly disclosed policy of scanning, and possibly sharing, emails simply by corresponding with a subscriber?

Given the express language in the SCA that lawful consent of the originator or an addressee or the intended recipient of such communication is sufficient, and given Judge Koh s prior ruling that Yahoo s terms of service establishes consent of the Yahoo Mail subscribers   the answer appears to be yes.

In its request to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for permission to appeal Judge Koh s class action order, Yahoo argued in part that the court improperly decided that the issue of consent could be analyzed within a class action. Yahoo argued that since consent is an issue that is specific to each potential plaintiff s behavior and action, it would not be appropriate to examine it on a  class  basis, but rather it should be looked at on an  individual  basis. Yahoo s request was denied without discussion. A preliminary trial date for the Yahoo case has been set for February 8.

Yahoo mail via www.shutterstock.com

Consumer expectations of privacy

At first blush, it s tempting to say that emails are different from online behavior and internet search histories, and therefore deserve a heightened level of privacy. An email, like its offline counterpart US mail, is personal, private and akin to a confidential one-on-one conversation written with a specific recipient in mind.

And recent lawsuits underscore this temptation. A new case filed a few weeks ago in California federal court alleges that Twitter is  eavesdropping  on users  private messages in violation of federal and state privacy laws. Another suit filed earlier in September in the Northern District of California alleges that Google unlawfully diverted non-Gmail users  email messages to extract content.

But one of the key issues in the case against Yahoo is whether email users   specifically those who do not subscribe to Yahoo Mail   consented to Yahoo s publicly stated policy that emails sent through its service are scanned and analyzed by the company.

Yes, Yahoo s publicly available web pages, including the Yahoo Mail page, disclose its scanning practices and the possible sharing of email content with third parities, yet the plaintiffs argue that before sending an email to a Yahoo user or before receiving an email from a Yahoo user, they were not given notice of that policy and therefore did give their consent to it.

The plaintiffs  argument, while superficially plausible, will be a challenging one to make. Companies such as Yahoo and Google have long provided notices and disclosures to consumers, yet consumers rarely read privacy policies or terms of use.

So given this persistent choice either to not read or to disregard privacy disclosures, can plaintiffs (whether as individuals or as a group) really object to scanning emails for targeted advertising   whether they re subscribers or not?

Leaving aside the issue of consent for the moment, is our online behavior or our internet searches really any less personal   or any less private   than the content of messages sent by users of a free email service that publicly discloses that their emails will be scanned and possibly shared with third parties?

No, they really aren t.

As The New York Times noted in April 2014 in Sweeping Away a Search History:

Your search history contains some of the most personal information you will ever reveal online: your health, mental state, interests, travel locations, fears and shopping habits. And that is information most people would want to keep private.

Given the intensely private nature of internet searches and email messages, it s hard to think that consumers would somehow expect more privacy in one than in the other, especially when they use Yahoo Mail, Gmail or other services that users know rely on advertising to support the product. And neither should we expect complete privacy if we use a paid email service to send a personal message to a user of one of the free services.

Realistic levels of privacy

It s clear from Judge Koh s earlier rulings that Yahoo users do not have a right to privacy in the messages that they send to or receive from a Yahoo email user given the respective terms of service governing Yahoo Mail.

But do the non-Yahoo users who willingly sent an email to a Yahoo account holder (and presumably received some) have a right to privacy when the account holder has none?

The plaintiffs allege that Yahoo intercepts and scans subscribers  incoming and outgoing emails for content, including the content of emails to and from nonsubscribers. The plaintiffs further allege that Yahoo copies the entirety of such emails and:

extracts keywords from the body of the email, reviews and extracts links and attachments, classifies the email based on its content[,]   [and] subjects the copied email and extracted information to additional analysis to create targeted advertising for its subscribers, and stores it for later use.

Plaintiffs allege that Yahoo intercepts, reads and learns the content of non-Yahoo subscribers  email communications without the non-Yahoo subscribers  consent. The plaintiffs say such conduct violates the California Invasion of Privacy Act (CIPA). Judge Koh certified the nationwide class action with regard to the SCA claim and a California-only subclass with regard to the California state law claim under CIPA.

Unlike the Google case, in which Koh denied the plaintiffs  request for class action certification, the alleged privacy claims in the class action against Yahoo are no longer for money damages (since plaintiffs abandoned their claim for money damages when they moved the court for class action certification). Rather, it is about asking the court to determine that Yahoo s acts violate the SCA and, if so, that Yahoo be prohibited from engaging in that practice in the future.

The plaintiffs won a short-term victory in achieving class action certification, but this bigger issue over whether they can object to the scanning process   based on a right to privacy   given Yahoo s disclosure of its scanning and possible sharing practices and given that they chose to send and/or receive an email to a Yahoo user, is far from being decided in their favor.

And they ll have a tough road ahead making their case, because an important lesson we ll all learn eventually is that email privacy can sometimes be a digital paradox. 
2015-01-31
CVS Accuses Former Director Of Stealing Trade Secrets Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. 
