2016-09-07
Google, AP, Others Back Microsoft In Gov't Gag Order Fight Google, AP, Others Back Microsoft In Gov't Gag Order Fight

Law360, New York (September 6, 2016, 7:58 PM EDT) -- Microsoft on Friday received a groundswell of support from the tech, media, privacy and law enforcement communities in its fight against gag orders that prevent service providers from telling customers about law enforcement demands for user data, with stakeholders including Google, Apple, The Associated Press and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce chiming in.



In eight separate motions, a wide array of tech giants including Google Inc., Apple Inc., Yahoo Inc., Twitter Inc. and Amazon.com Inc.; media outlets including The Associated Press, Fox News Network LLC, The...

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-11-17
Verizon's AOL Gearing Up for Layoffs (VZ,YHOO) Verizon Communication Inc. s (VZ) AOL unit is gearing up to announce what may be sizeable layoffs later Thursday.

According to a report in Business Insider, which cited unnamed sources, the direct sales team at AOL may take a big hit in terms of job cuts. Sources said a large number of jobs in that area are going away, but couldn t say exactly how many.

AOL seemed to confirm the Business Insider report, saying,  We are impacting a small percentage of our global workforce.  The possible AOL move comes as it is about to merge with Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) under the umbrella of Verizon s pending $4.8 billion acquisition of Yahoo s core assets. According to Business Insider, the idea behind the layoffs is to reduce any duplication that will come when the two units are combined. Sources said Yahoo generates more revenue from direct sales than AOL, so it would make sense to cut employees in AOL s direct sales team.

More Data Points to Deal Getting Done

The move on the part of AOL is yet another piece of information that points to the deal between Verizon and Yahoo actually going through. In September, Yahoo shocked Verizon by announcing a massive data hack that affected nearly half a million users. That has led to speculation that Verizon could shave a $1 billion off its offer price or walk away completely. If AOL is getting rid of duplicate positions because of Yahoo, it would likely mean Verizon isn t walking away from the deal.

Another piece of information that points to a deal being underway: a meeting between AOL head Tim Armstrong and Dan Gilbert, the chairman and founder of Quicken Loans Inc., about ways to strengthen Yahoo Finance. According to an unsourced report in the New York Post, the two met recently in Detroit, where Quicken is based, to discuss ways to strengthen Yahoo Finance, which has been one of the few successes at Yahoo.

Gilbert had tried to acquire Yahoo but was outbid by Verizon, which is paying $4.8 billion. Verizon s deal doesn t include the patents Yahoo holds, reported the paper. Meanwhile the Post cited a source as saying even after its deal with Yahoo closes, Verizon is looking to purchase more content companies with Vice Media LLC on its list of targets. Vice, which would be a play for getting more millennials, creates content for Verizon, but the telecommunications giant may want to own it outright, reported the Post. (See also: AOL Looks to Quicken to Bolster Yahoo Finance) Starboard Value up more than 10 percent, led by Depomed stake: document Jeffrey Smith, Managing Member, CEO and Chief Investment Officer for Starboard Value LP., speaks at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York City, U.S. May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo

NEW YORK Starboard Value, the activist hedge fund behind shake-ups at Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) and Marvell Technology Group Ltd (MRVL.O), has notched an investment return of more than 10 percent this year on the back of boardroom deals and takeovers.

The Starboard Value and Opportunity Fund has produced a net return for its investors of 10.21 percent through Sept. 30, according to a document seen by Reuters.

The performance is slightly below that of the Russell 2000 index in the same period and above the 6.71 percent posted by peers in the HFRI Event-Driven Index.

Starboard's year-to-date "top winners," according to the document, are network security company Infoblox Inc, which was recently bought by private equity firm Vista Equity Partners, and Depomed Inc (DEPO.O), a drugmaker whose board the activist investor threatened to overthrow.

Starboard and Depomed struck a truce in October, with the hedge fund getting three seats on the board. At the time of the deal, Depomed's stock was up more than 40 percent from a year before, at $27 per share.

Starboard's net returns to investors was a loss of 8.55 percent in 2015 and a gain of 21.45 percent in 2014, according to the document.

The fund's performance through the third quarter stands out given the struggles of other activist investors this year. The HFRI Activist Index has a return of only 2.33 percent year to date.

Starboard's so-called tear sheet uses the HFR Event-Driven Index as its peer comparison.

The hedge fund's most recent quarterly filing shows an increase in smaller bets it has placed on companies already under attack by activists pushing for a sale.

The New York-based fund, led by Jeffrey Smith, does not publicly disclose its investment returns. Starboard, which manages around $4 billion, did not reply to requests for comment.

The Starboard document shows that it underperformed the Russell 2000 index in 2013 and 2012, and beat the index in 2011 with a 7.65 percent net return.

Data from Lazard's Corporate Preparedness group show that Starboard has launched five campaigns this year and won 14 board seats through September, the most seats gained by any activist hedge fund.

Four of the seats came from an agreement it struck in April with Yahoo, before the internet company agreed to be bought by Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) in July for $4.8 billion. Starboard's Depomed deal in October took its board seat total for the year to 17.

Another Starboard target company, Infoblox, struck a deal in September to be bought for $26.50 per share, or $1.6 billion overall. Filings show that Starboard paid around $15 per share for its 7.1 percent stake.

Another winner for Starboard this year is semiconductor company Marvell, where it gained three board seats in April. Its stock has risen 60 percent to $13.44 since last November.

Starboard's negative return in 2015 appears to stem largely from share losses in some of its largest positions, including Yahoo and auto parts maker Advance Auto Parts Inc (AAP.N).

Before Yahoo's stock began its climb this year, ahead of the Verizon deal, the shares dropped by a third to $34 in 2015.

Advance Auto Parts, where Starboard is represented on the board and owns 3.8 percent of the company, saw its shares slide 5 percent in 2015.

(Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Bill Rigby) BlueStream Expands Mobility Portfolio Through Purchase Of Assets of Andrew ... FARIBAULT, Minn., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- BlueStream, a member of the KGP family of companies and leading provider of planning, implementation and maintenance services for wireless and wireline communications networks, announces the purchase of select assets and ongoing business of the program management and field installation services arm of Andrew Services Inc. (ASI), a division of CommScope. The acquired assets, which included the transfer of a number of key employees, is primarily focused on construction services for wireless customers in the US. The acquisition provides depth and site development talent, enhancing BlueStream's mobility services offering.

"KGP Companies continues to focus on scale and talent while enhancing our unique end-to-end services and supply chain offerings," said Trevor Putrah, President. "We are confident this acquisition will be a strong addition, and we welcome the new employees to our family."

"We are resolute in our commitment to remain innovative, right sized and relevant with respect to providing end-to-end network transformation services. This addition provides the opportunity for BlueStream to expand and deepen our services footprint in response to the growing needs for wireless network (macro and micro) new builds, transformations and enhancements across the country," said Matt Glass, Chief Operating Officer of BlueStream. "BlueStream is already uniquely positioned to provide end-to-end network services and we are excited to incorporate the capabilities of this acquisition to further strengthen that position and the capabilities of KGP Companies."

About BlueStream

BlueStream is a single source, end-to-end communications infrastructure and network technology services firm. The company delivers customer-centric solutions and services that enable optimal communications solutions for its customers. With 30 years of industry experience and innovation, BlueStream has the unique capabilities, technology expertise and certifications to provide voice, video and data solutions to telecommunications carriers, cable operators, infrastructure providers and enterprise customers nationwide.

About KGP Companies

KGP Companies is a family of companies including BlueStream, KGP Logistics and KGP Products. The KGP family of Companies is one of the country's largest single-source value-added suppliers of supply chain services, communications equipment and integrated solutions to the telecommunications industry. In combination with BlueStream's turnkey solutions and the KGP Logistics' national logistics network, and a portfolio of manufacturer partnerships, KGP Companies is uniquely positioned to provide a comprehensive array of products and services to the communications market. www.kgpcompanies.com.

About CommScope

CommScope (COMM) helps companies around the world design, build and manage their wired and wireless networks. CommScope's network infrastructure solutions help customers increase bandwidth; maximize existing capacity; improve network performance and availability; increase energy efficiency; and simplify technology migration. CommScope solutions can be found in the largest buildings, venues and outdoor spaces; in data centers and buildings of all shapes, sizes and complexity; at wireless cell sites; in cable headends and telco central offices; and in airports, trains, and tunnels. Vital networks around the world run on CommScope solutions.

BlueStream (PRNewsFoto/BlueStream) More

Read More What's in the Cards for HP Inc. (HPQ) in Q4 Earnings? HP Inc. HPQ is set to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2016 results on Nov 22. Last quarter, the company posted a positive earnings surprise of 6.67%. Let us see how things are shaping up for this announcement.

Factors to Consider

HP reported better-than-expected third-quarter fiscal 2016 results driven mainly by strength in Personal System, outperformance of newly launched products and execution of restructuring actions and productivity initiatives.

Despite bleak year-over-year top-line comparisons, we are impressed by the performance of HP Inc. s PC segment, wherein a slight year-over-year increase was witnessed after several quarters of decline.

Most recently, the company announced the release of its non-GAAP earnings outlook for fiscal 2017. In addition, the company also announced a second round of job cuts this year to reduce costs amid declining demand for PC and printers. This did not go down well with investors.

HP revealed that it expects to generate earnings per share in the range of $1.55 to $1.65 (midpoint: $1.60). At its midpoint, the guidance falls short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.61.

On a GAAP basis, HP projects earnings to range between $1.47 and $1.57 per share (mid-point $1.52).

In addition to revising its fiscal 2017 outlook, HP revealed that it is planning to trim its employee count by 3,000 to 4,000 across different levels over the next three years, that is, from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019. This announcement is likely a part of its ongoing restructuring plan.

It should be noted that the new job cuts are in addition to the company s planned job cut of 3,000 employees by the end of fiscal 2016, which was announced this February. Currently, HP has approximately 50,000 employees.

The company expects the recently announced job cut to generate annualized cost savings of approximately $200 million to $300 million from fiscal 2020 onward. The company anticipates one-time charges in the range of $350 million to $500 million associated with the job cut. We believe that the company s ongoing restructuring initiatives will help trim costs, while enhancing both productivity and profitability.

Notably, HP also signed a deal to acquire Samsung Electronics  printer business for a purchase price of $1.05 billion. This strategic move will expand the company s printing business as Samsung has more than 6,500 printing patents. All these will support development and manufacture of HP printers.

Nonetheless, the persistent decline in PC shipments remains a material headwind for the company. Given the fact that the PC business generates majority of the company s top line, the reduction in business volumes at the segment is concerning.

Therefore, the company is focusing on product innovations to drive top-line growth and lower costs through a restructuring plan.

Macroeconomic challenges and tepid IT spending also remain near-term concerns. Competition from the likes of International Business Machines IBM and Apple add to its woes.

HP INC Price and EPS Surprise

HP INC Price and EPS Surprise | HP INC Quote

Earnings Whispers

Our proven model does not conclusively show that HP Inc.is likely to beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in its upcoming release. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. Unfortunately, this is not the case here as elaborated below. 
2016-12-28
How Does the Yahoo! Hack Affect the Verizon Deal? Tech Update: Yahoo! Breach, Uber Driverless Cars, Apple Cash PART 1 OF 6

How Does the Yahoo! Hack Affect the Verizon Deal?

Yahoo! says more than 1 billion accounts breached

Verizon (VZ) is reviewing the impact of a fresh hack on the Yahoo! (YHOO) system that affected more than a billion accounts. The hack reportedly happened in 2013 and is separate from an earlier incident that Yahoo! said happened in 2014. Yahoo! has blamed state-sponsored actors for the 2014 hacking of its system that compromised more than 500 million accounts.

Verizon was already reviewing the impact of the 2014 Yahoo! hack when the fresh one surfaced. But will the fresh hacking revelation force Verizon to change its mind on the deal?

Interested in YHOO? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YHOO Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Fate of the deal depends on review outcome

Verizon (VZ) agreed to acquire Yahoo s core assets for ~$4.8 billion, but the price could be renegotiated downward depending on the outcome of the ongoing assessment of the hacking events.

The 2013 hacking of Yahoo s corporate network, which could be the largest theft on record of personal data, led to the loss of personal data ranging from telephone numbers to dates of birth stolen from Yahoo! subscribers. Yahoo! suspects that the hackers who raided its system in 2014 stole similar data from its users.

Verizon has multiple options on its hands to deal with the Yahoo! buyout deal. The company could walk away from the deal or ask for a discount on the price it originally agreed to pay for Yahoo! assets that include Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Sports.

However, we believe that it s unlikely that Verizon would walk away from the deal. Despite the hacking problems, Yahoo! has valuable assets that could help Verizon attain its goals as it tries to fend off competition its industry.

US (SPY) telecom incumbents Verizon and AT&T (T) have been put on the defensive as smaller rivals T-Mobile (TMUS) and Sprint (S) wage a relentless price war. The incumbents have turned their focus to investing in media assets to grow outside their mainstay carrier services. VivoPower International and Arowana Inc. Announce Completion of Business ... LONDON & SYDNEY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

VivoPower International PLC ( VivoPower  or the  Company ), a global next generation solar power company, and Arowana Inc. (ARWA) ( ARWA ), today announced the closing of their business combination transaction.

Pursuant to the transaction, ARWA contributed approximately $16.8 million in cash to VivoPower in exchange for 6,088,200 newly issued VivoPower ordinary shares, which are to be distributed to holders of ARWA s ordinary shares, rights and warrants as of 28 December 2016 (the  record date ). Holders of ARWA s ordinary shares on the record date will receive one VivoPower ordinary share for each ARWA share, or 4,769,850 shares in the aggregate. Holders of ARWA s rights on the record date will receive one-tenth of one VivoPower ordinary share for each right, or 878,900 shares in the aggregate. Holders of ARWA s warrants on the record date will receive one-twentieth of one VivoPower ordinary share for each warrant, or 439,450 shares in the aggregate.

In connection with the transaction, VivoPower promptly will acquire approximately 80.1% of the outstanding shares of VivoPower Pty Ltd ( VivoPower Australia ) for a purchase price of 1,750,308 VivoPower ordinary shares. VivoPower Australia operates photovoltaic ( PV ) solar array projects in Australia. In addition, VivoPower will also promptly acquire all of the outstanding shares of Aevitas O Holdings Pty Ltd ( Aevitas Holdings ), which is a holding company that, promptly following its acquisition by VivoPower, will acquire 99.9% of the outstanding shares of Aevitas Group Limited ( Aevitas ), a provider of power services throughout Australasia, for a purchase price of $9.1 million. In addition to its own operations, Aevitas owns the 19.9% of VivoPower Australia s outstanding shares not being acquired directly by VivoPower.

The contribution of cash by ARWA to VivoPower and the acquisitions by VivoPower of VivoPower Australia and Aevitas Holdings, and the issuances of VivoPower ordinary shares in connection therewith, are referred to collectively as the  Business Combination. 

Prior to the Business Combination, VivoPower was wholly owned by Arowana International Limited ( AWN ), a publicly traded company on the Australian Securities Exchange ( ASX ) that is an affiliate of certain officers, directors and shareholders of ARWA. Upon completion of the Business Combination, there will be 13,557,387 ordinary shares of VivoPower issued and outstanding, with AWN and entities affiliated with AWN owning a majority of such shares.

VivoPower s ordinary shares are scheduled to commence trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on or about 29 December 2016 under the symbol  VVPR.  ARWA s securities will cease trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market as of 28 December 2016.

Dr. Philip Comberg, Chief Executive Officer of VivoPower, commented,  We are pleased to have completed the business combination transaction with Arowana Inc. and to introduce as a public company this innovative next generation solar company. The Nasdaq listing will provide VivoPower with a platform to accelerate the execution of its strategic plan in the coming months, which we believe will establish the Company as a leading global solar power company and generate positive results for our shareholders. 

Kevin Chin, Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of VivoPower and Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of ARWA, commented,  VivoPower s innovative and capital efficient business model has the potential to deliver significant growth and maximize the performance and value of solar assets for its customers. In under two years, development and performance of the Company s solar assets have exceeded expectations. We are excited by the Company s strong momentum and large and growing global addressable market. We look forward to contributing to and participating in the rollout of the Company s plan to acquire, build, finance and operate solar assets worldwide. 

Upon the closing of the Business Combination, ARWA has no further ongoing business operations and intends to dissolve and liquidate as soon as practicable and to deregister its ordinary shares, rights, warrants and units under Section 12(b), and suspend its periodic reporting obligations under Section 15(d), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Read More 
2016-11-28
Insider Trading in Focus: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) exchanged hands 2,474,056 shares versus average trading capacity of 10.32M shares, while its relative trading volume is 0.25. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s total market worth is $38.91B along with 954.12M outstanding shares.

Insiders has most recently took part in a trading activity, Utzschneider Lisa, Chief Revenue Officer of the company in a transaction that occurred 11/18/2016 sold 1,851 shares of the stock. The stock was sold at a price of $41.19, for a total value of $76,243. Subsequent to the transaction Utzschneider Lisa owned a total of 594,250 shares of the stock.

In a separate transaction on 11/10/2016, Utzschneider Lisa, Chief Revenue Officer sold 339 shares of the stock. The stock was sold at a price of $41.55, for a total worth of $14,085. Succeeding to the transaction Utzschneider Lisa owned overall 596,101 shares of the stock.

Moreover, Mayer Marissa A, Chief Executive Officer sold 2,561 shares of the stock in a reserved transaction that ensued on 11/7/2016. At a price of $41.05, the stock was sold for an entire value of $105,129. Consequent to the transaction Mayer Marissa A owned a total of 2,205,542 shares of the stock.

Currently, 0.40% shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are owned by insiders with -0.27% six-month change in the insider ownership. The insider filler data counts the number of monthly positions over 3 month and 12 month time spans. For Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) total 51 number of trades held during last 3 months and 226 during last 12 months, out of them 4 numbers of buys held in last 3 months and 32 buys in last 12 months. Whereas 47 numbers of sells held in last 3 months and 194 sells over the past 12 months.

For the duration of last three months Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s total number of shares bought are 5,872 and sold 63,370 from a total of 69,242 traded shares. During last twelve months 1,178,864 number of shares bought and 1,009,489 sold from a total of 2,188,353 shares traded. A net activity of 57,498 took place in the course of three months, while 169,375 during last twelve months. Insider trading information is derived from Forms 3 and 4 filings are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended last trading session at the price of $40.87 whereas a number of traders indicating mean target price will hit $45.46 over the next twelve months, mean value of price target most recently revised on 11/15/16. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s highest estimates of price target are $55.00 and low forecast is $31.00 based on the opinion of 26 analysts. The price target estimates represents a standard deviation of 5.94. However brokerage recommendations suggests an ABR of 2.08 based on calls of 26 experts.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is expected to release the earnings of its current quarter on 2/7/17. The company is expected to release $0.21 EPS during current quarter according to 26 analysts whereas the company reported $0.13 EPS during same quarter a year ago. For the current quarter the stock has a lowest EPS estimates of $0.11 and high estimate of $0.26. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s average revenue estimates for the current quarter are $1.38B according to 18 number of analysts. However its lowest revenue estimates are $1.35B and highest revenue estimates are $1.41B. A year ago the company s sales were $1.27B. Its yearly sales growth estimates are 8.70%. Past 5 years growth of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) observed at -16.47%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company are expecting its growth at -0.58%. Time Inc. rejects buyout offer; UPS on track for record deliveries; Barclays ... Yahoo Finance is tracking the stocks you re following, based on your Yahoo Finance ticker searches.

Time Inc. (TIME)   The company has reportedly turned down a buyout offer from Edgar Bronfman to acquire it for $18 per share. The New York Post reports that Bronfman teamed up with Israeli businessman Ynon Kreiz and Access Industries to bid for Time.

Barclays (BCS)   The bank sold its wealth and investment management business in Singapore and Hong Kong for $225 million to Singapore s Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp. Barclays was hoping to raise $320 million from the sale.

Amazon (AMZN)   The online retail giant is on investors  radars on Cyber Monday. Amazon has slashed prices on its Echo, Kindle and Fire TV stock, as well as other hardware, in an effort to attract shoppers. The company is expecting a record-breaking number of orders this year.

Panera Bread (PNRA)   Wedbush downgraded Panera Bread to neutral from outperform and kept its price target on the stock at $220 per share.

UPS (UPS)   The packaging company s CEO David Abney said Black Friday weekend shipping met the company s expectations. UPS maintains its forecast of 14% growth in deliveries to a record 700 million for the holiday period.

Walt Disney (DIS)   Disney s  Moana  raked in $81.1 million during Thanksgiving weekend. It s the second largest Thanksgiving debut ever, behind Frozen, for the Wednesday to Sunday period. 
2016-03-07
Shares of ComScore Are Plunging Here's Why Serge Matta, President and Chief Executive Officer, comScore, speaks during the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 19, 2015. The conference will unveil a new suite of services designed to help mobile developers better understand users, while improving, growing and monetizing their apps. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg *** Local Caption *** Serge Matta

Serge Matta, President and Chief Executive Officer, comScore, speaks during the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 19, 2015. The conference will unveil a new suite of services designed to help mobile developers better understand users, while improving, growing and monetizing their apps. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg *** Local Caption *** Serge Matta Photograph by David Paul Morris Bloomberg Finance LP

ComScore, the company that competes with Nielsen in measuring TV and online audiences, revealed Monday it is looking into "potential accounting matters."

Shares plummeted as much as 35% after the marketing data company said in a press release that it would delay the release of its annual report and suspend plans for a $125 million stock buyback.

The Reston, Va.-based company does not expect to be able to wrap up an internal review of the unspecified "potential accounting matters" before March 15, which marks the end of a 15-day extension window to file its annual report for 2015 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

ComScore also said "out of an abundance of caution" it will suspend the share repurchase program that it announced last month and that the buyback will be "reevaluated" once the internal review is complete.

The company's audit committee is conducting the internal review. ComScore said it learned about the potential accounting issues last month, just a few days after the company released its fourth-quarter financial results, which showed record revenue for the quarter and a year-over-year bump of 8%.

The announcement on Monday morning sunk ComScore's stock to its lowest levels of 2016 and the company's shares are now down more than 45% over the past 12 months.

Last fall, ComScore announced plans to merge with media tracking service Rentrak in an effort to take on Nielsen as an industry source for cross-platform audience measurement. As Variety noted on Monday, ComScore CEO Serge Maata promised last month that the company would roll out a new cross-platform system to measure television audiences in time for this spring's round of TV industry upfronts . Director, Executive Compensation Remains Under Microscope Director, Executive Compensation Remains Under Microscope

Law360, New York (March 7, 2016, 10:58 AM EST) -- A series of recent Delaware Chancery Court and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission decisions   coupled with anticipated SEC action to finalize the three remaining Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act compensation rules   emphasize that director and executive compensation remains a hot topic for 2016. As a result of the heightened scrutiny of board decisions involving director or executive compensation, directors should consider whether their corporate governance practices could be enhanced by stepped-up periodic review of compensation practices and enhanced board and committee...

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-02-15
Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Finally Splits Tumblr's Sales Team into Separate Unit Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has finally caved in and decided to grant Tumblr some degree of autonomy by splitting off its sales team into a separate outfit. Tumblr, a hugely popular blogging service that Yahoo acquired for $1.1bn or about $3 per user out of the 300 million monthly users at that time, has run into headwinds, with revenues lagging estimates.

The acquisition was expected to drive user base on Yahoo sites by 50 percent to one billion users. However, Yahoo announced that it had reached the milestone in October 2014, about 18 months later. Even that achievement was met with skepticism by industry analysts.

In January, Yahoo Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer admitted that the site didn t bring in the expected $100m in revenue for 2015, forcing Yahoo to post a $230m devaluation of its business.

 In 2015, we experienced a slower ramp in monetization than we initially expected, and coupled with the sales realignment, the business didn t deliver that $100 million revenue goal for the year,  Ms. Mayer said during this month s earnings call.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

However, Mayer and Yahoo Co are scrambling to reverse Tumblr s dwindling fortunes, with the decision to separate Tumblr s marketing team from Yahoo s being the first step.

Yahoo had earlier reneged on a pre-buyout agreement that provided that Yahoo wouldn t integrate Tumblr s staff with its own in order to preserve the microblogging platform s unique culture.

Going by the alarming revenue shortfalls, it is understandable why Mayer s decision to merge Tumblr and Yahoo s marketing teams didn t go down well with Tumblr staff. The merger was rushed and failed to create the much-needed synergy, thus slowing down Tumblr s growth momentum.

In the words of a former Tumblr employee;  The whole process just pulled the rug out of all momentum. The decision was made without a full immersion plan. 

The rushed merger of the two sales teams resulted in power struggles and created confusion, leading to the departure of over half of Tumblr s sales team.

Moreover, the two teams targeted different categories of advertisers, making it difficult to agree on anything. While Tumblr preferred native ads that were targeted at a much youthful audience, Yahoo did traditional ads that were targeted at an older audience.

Smart Corporate Move for Yahoo

Mayer s decision to unwind the sales staff integration is therefore a smart corporate move.

Contacted for comments on the new internal move, a Tumblr spokesperson said:  The company has introduced a number of innovative ad products to maximize value for our advertisers and best meet their needs. To further support these efforts moving forward, we have returned to a dedicated direct sales team. 

Mayer has listed Tumblr as one of three core platforms that will drive Yahoo s growth in the immediate future. While Tumblr s revenues may have missed estimates, they are still growing, a reason why a lot of resources and focus should be committed to ensure it reaches its full potential.

To illustrate Tumblr s growth have grown to 550 million, up from 300 million at the time of acquisition. 80 percent of the users are on mobile devices, a key growth area for Yahoo. 
2016-06-11
How Much Is Yahoo Worth? A Lot Less Than Many Thought You could talk about brand value, customer value, or investment value. Whatever the particular angle, the more general question of what a company is worth is complicated.

The problem is that various attempts to measure value are flawed. Yahoo is a prime example of this. Take the reported bids for the company. Verizon has supposedly offered $3.5 billion. Others, including AT&T, TPG Capital, a consortium with Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners Management, and a combination of Quicken Loans and Berkshire Hathaway, are bidding at least $5 billion.

On the surface that seems ridiculously little for Yahoo. Last year, the company brought in just under $5 billion in revenue, so all the bidders seem in the ballpark of offering at most one year's revenue, which means they completely discount intellectual property, customer relationships, and other aspects that might boost the price. By some measures, Yahoo's value should be far higher. Its market cap is about $35.6 billion, so, in theory, if you wanted to acquire the all the shares and own the company, you'd pay at least that. Often, acquiring companies have to provide a premium above market price to get what they want.

If you prefer enterprise value, which adds to the market cap the other interests like preferred shares and debt and subtracts cash and cash equivalents, Yahoo is worth about $30 billion. Then again, as someone noted online, Wall Street effectively says that Yahoo has nothing of value outside of its investment in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan because the stock is priced only to take those investments into account. Literally, nothing, which is as crazy as anything else when the company still has $5 billion a year in revenue, relationships with many advertisers, and one of the biggest total online audiences.

Why do all these valuations contrast so strongly? Because our notions of what companies, lines of business, and products might be worth are seriously out of whackplaceholder.

It might be tempting to go with the old adage that value is determined by what someone is willing to pay. But even that should be suspicious. If companies can drive down the market value of labor, for example, does it mean that the work of the employees is now worth only what the companies are willing to pay? Of course not. They companies gain value from lower wages. What happens is that the part of the value that the employees used to get for their time has been transferred to the company.

Similarly, what's the value of clean air? Before the Clean Air Act, companies didn't see much value. They value they wanted was the ability to dump emissions without regard to air quality. Clean air became, in their minds, a pure cost. But if you're killing people off and making them gravely ill with air pollution, you're ultimately destroying the economy (as well as all the people). There's an enormous value, except it's not visible if you're not looking, as corporate executives did not. Gauging value strictly by market price is like saying that a tree falling in the woods only makes a sound if someone hears it. But a lack of attention doesn't mean there is no value. Chances are there is value to someone somewhere.

But sometimes value has been largely a sold perception. For all the strutting that many companies, particularly those in the tech sector, have done, many of the startups have nothing to show in a traditional business sense, lacking significant income, let alone profits. They may not be able to explain why anyone outside of Silicon Valley would care about what they do. That was Yahoo's problem. It had lots of users, but not enough who really cared about the company. And if the users don't care all that much, the advertisers won't. What the Yahoo bidding shows is the sudden deflation of hype when checks are to be written. It's a lesson to learn because any business can suddenly find itself looking for solid footing when the wishful thinking runs out. 
2016-04-09
Yahoo Seeks To Quash Order For CEO Mayer's Emails Yahoo Seeks To Quash Order For CEO Mayer's Emails

Law360, Wilmington (April 8, 2016, 8:48 PM EDT) -- Yahoo pushed the Delaware Supreme Court late Thursday to quash a Chancery Court order to turn over documents that could include CEO Marissa Mayer s personal emails on the hiring of the company s former chief operating officer and his firing with nearly $60 million in severance only a year later.



In its opening brief challenging Vice Chancellor J. Travis Laster s decision that the tech giant must allow suing shareholders access to documents surround the employment of Henrique de Castro, who lasted a little more than a year...

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-02-28
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Starboard Getting Its Board Seat The battle for the board at Yahoo has already begun. With Starboard Value already calling Yahoo shareholders to solicit support, Yahoo is now considering whether to just offer Jeff Smith and Starboard two board seats to the fund.

Join our free newsletter for some exclusive info we don t share elsewhere.

It appears that Yahoo is caving after months and years of pushing back against hedge funds. However, Starboard likely won t stop with board seats, but will likely push to get Marissa Mayer ousted. The fund will also push for a sale of the core business.

Big question; will Starboard go after taking over the entire board or simply settle for 2 board seats. The entire board is 7 members now and a majority will be four seats.

However, it appears that Mayer is coming around, willing to cave to Wall Street a bit. Selling the company is the best bet, but Starboard doesn t think Mayer is for real. Starboard won t settle for anything less four board seats.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Starboard Getting Its Board Seat by Activist Stocks 
2016-09-09
Yahoo Japan Sought Merger With Yahoo Before Verizon Deal Yahoo Japan Corp. proposed a  merger of equals  with Yahoo! Inc. -- but was rebuffed -- during a months-long process that eventually led to Verizon Communications Inc. acquiring the U.S. internet company s core assets for more than $4.8 billion, according to a regulatory filing detailing the sales effort.

The board of Yahoo Japan in February sent a letter to Yahoo Chairman Maynard Webb and Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer about a deal that would hand the company s shareholders 50 percent of the combined entity -- and about $14 billion in cash, according to the filing made Friday. It also contemplated a commitment from Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. to purchase about half of Yahoo s stake in the Chinese e-commerce company. The deal was rejected because it offered no premium and would have triggered a full tax hit for the shares of Alibaba.

 After careful consideration, the Strategic Review Committee concluded that the terms described in Yahoo Japan s letter were not compelling,  the company said in the filing.

The proposal from Yahoo Japan came from representatives of SoftBank Group Corp., run by billionaire Masayoshi Son. SoftBank already owns 43 percent of Yahoo Japan and Son is on the board, while Yahoo owns about 36 percent.

The filing describes a long and complex process that led to a winning bid for Yahoo in July as several entities offered billions of dollars for the struggling web portal s core business. Along the way, the company s advisers communicated with more than 50 potential parties. More than 30 parties signed confidentiality agreements to review financial data on Yahoo, according to the filing.

The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter.

Verizon announced July 25 that it would acquire Yahoo s internet assets for more than $4.8 billion, bringing the web portal together with longtime rival AOL. The telecommunications company will add Yahoo web services that still draw 1 billion monthly users, including mail, news and sports content and financial tools. The all-cash deal, which is expected to close in early 2017, includes Yahoo real estate, but excludes some intellectual property which will be sold separately. Yahoo will be left with its stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.

The filing also revealed that Yahoo co-founder David Filo, a board member, was asked to back one of the proposals in July. That proposal wasn t accepted. Filo, however, expressed interest in possibly joining the bid, and was restricted in the decision-making process, according to the filing.

Final Round

In the final round in July, Yahoo received five bids, including Verizon s. They ranged in price from about $3 billion to $4.83 billion, and included different terms. One party increased its bid to $4.8 billion -- just below Verizon s $4.83 billion -- in the days before the final announcement, but that wasn t enough to persuade Yahoo s board.

"Verizon s proposal was more favorable than the other acquisition proposals," the company said of the final bid.

AT&T Inc. and Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert, as well as firms Vector Capital Management and TPG, were also active in bidding for Yahoo, according to people familiar with the sale process.

Yahoo became an acquisition target after Mayer, who joined Yahoo four years ago, failed to revive sales growth at the Sunnyvale, California-based company. The disappointing results drew the ire of investors, most notably activist Starboard Value LP. The company averted a proxy war in April when it agreed to place four new members on the board, including Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith.

With the Verizon transaction, Mayer may receive $44 million in compensation with a "qualifying termination," according to Friday s filing. Lisa Utzschneider, Yahoo s chief revenue officer, may get about $20 million, the filing also said. Zuckerberg's wealth manager invests in data centers The wealth manager to Facebook Inc. founder Mark Zuckerberg and other technology entrepreneurs is starting a unit to invest in data centers to profit from growing demand for cloud-based services.

Iconiq Capital, the San Francisco-based investment adviser run by Divesh Makan, registered a new subsidiary with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last month that will put client funds into technology-related real estate, according to documents filed with the agency. Its holdings will range from direct investments in data centers to securities issued by real estate investment trusts specializing in the sector.

Facebook, the world s largest social-media company, and other technology giants have already spent billions of dollars building data centers to provide cloud-based computer services to individual customers, according to Anand Srinivasan, a senior analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. That spending pales in comparison to the amount of funding that will be required as global corporations turn to the cloud to meet their computing needs.

 We are just scratching the surface on the large data center expansion trend,  Srinivasan said. Iconiq, in starting a fund to invest in data centers,  has definitely picked up on a trend. 

The demand for additional capacity has already fueled a surge in the market value of publicly traded tech companies and REITs that own and operate data centers. A basket of seven data-center stocks, including Digital Realty Trust Inc. and Equinix Inc., jumped 31 percent this year through Wednesday, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That compares with the 7 percent gain by the S&P 500 Index.

 The public REITs in the data-center space have been the best-performing sector of stocks in the past eight months,  Jerald Kent, chairman of TierPoint, a closely held provider of cloud-computing services, said in a telephone interview.  Historically, they are trading at very robust multiples,  said Kent, whose St. Louis-based company owns 39 data centers.

Iconiq referred calls to an outside spokeswoman, who declined to comment. The firm is owned by Makan along with partners Chad Boeding, Michael Anders and William Griffith.

Iconiq opened in 2011, the year before Facebook held its $16 billion initial public offering, the biggest ever by a U.S. technology company. Prior to starting the firm, Makan, Boeding and Anders all worked at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley, two of the main underwriters for the Facebook IPO.

As a multifamily office, Iconiq focuses on providing wealth-management services to Silicon Valley entrepreneurs. It had about $16.7 billion of assets under management at the end of last year, including $4.8 billion in discretionary accounts. According to regulatory filings, clients include Sean Parker, the co-founder of Napster Inc.; Reid Hoffman, the chairman of LinkedIn Corp.; and Zuckerberg, who at age 32 ranks as the world s fifth-richest person with an estimated net worth of more than $57 billion, mostly in Facebook stock.

While Iconiq primarily helps clients allocate their money to outside hedge and private equity funds, the firm also runs its own proprietary investment vehicles. On Aug. 8, it completed the registration process for Iconiq DC Management, the subsidiary setting up private funds to make real estate investments in data centers or  technology connectivity-related assets,  according to the SEC filing.

The new money manager is organizing its first fund, the filing shows. Once it has raised capital, the funds will make direct investments in property, sponsor or invest in REITs, provide mortgage financing and form joint ventures with other investors.

 Given Iconiq Capital s broad relationships with some of the world s leading technology companies and innovators,  the unit is  able to access proprietary market insights unavailable to most sponsors  of investment funds, Makan s firm said in the filing. Cataca Resources to Acquire FlitWays Technology Inc. CULVER CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Sep 9, 2016) - Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca" or the "Company") ( OTC PINK : CATQ ) is pleased to announce it has entered into a definitive Share Exchange Agreement to acquire all the issued and outstanding capital stock of FlitWays Technology Inc. ("FlitWays Technology"), a Los Angeles-based ground travel booking and scheduling company. The Company's sole officer and director, Tobi Aro, is the majority shareholder of FlitWays Technology.

FlitWays is a ground travel booking and scheduling company revolutionizing the way travelers access rides through a reliable internally developed network of providers and state-of-the-art proprietary technology. FlitWays is available in all major US cities, including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston, New York, Chicago, San Diego, Miami, Orlando, Las Vegas, Honolulu, Washington DC, Seattle, Austin, Dallas, Houston, Tampa, Nashville, New Orleans and many more.

Upon completion of this transaction, FlitWays Technology will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company will also take the necessary corporate and regulatory actions to change its name to FlitWays Technology, Inc. (or similar) and secure a new trading symbol to better reflect its new corporate name and business focus.

The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement is subject to certain customary terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, the satisfactory completion of an ongoing audit of FlitWays Technology and corporate name change.

Additional information regarding the proposed transaction can be found in the Company's most recent filings with SEC at www.sec.gov and further Company press releases. 
2016-09-12
Before Verizon, Japan Unit Sought Yahoo Buy (VZ, YHOO) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) may have won the bidding for Yahoo Inc. when it reached a $4.8 billion deal to buy its Internet assets in July, but Yahoo Japan (TYO) had been in the running, proposing a merger of equals.

According to a regulatory filing that laid out the efforts on the part of Yahoo to sell itself, the company revealed in February that the board of Yahoo Japan sent a letter to Yahoo chairman Maynard Webb and CEO Marissa Mayer concerning a deal in which Yahoo shareholders would get 50% of a combined company and around $14 billion in cash. The offer could also include Alibaba Group Holding (BABA), the Chinese ecommerce giant, purchasing around half of Yahoo s stake in Alibaba. The deal was turned down for a lack of upside and because it would trigger a tax event.  [Yahoo] Japan s proposal offered no premium for Yahoo s shares and that the contemplated repurchase by Alibaba of a portion of its shares would be fully taxable. After careful consideration, the Strategic Review Committee concluded that the terms described in Yahoo Japan s letter were not compelling and that Yahoo should not enter into the proposed exclusivity agreement,  Yahoo said in the filing. (See also: Buyers Want Yahoo Japan, Not Yahoo.)

The bidding process for Yahoo included a slew of would-be suitors and advisers with more than 30 parties signing confidential agreements to look at Yahoo s financial books. According to the filing, in the final round of bidding just before it decided to go with Verizon, it received offers from around $3 billion all the way to $4.83 billion. One bidding group raised its offer to $4.8 billion, but it was still shy of Verizon s top offer.

In July Verizon and Yahoo announced the deal that would bring Yahoo and AOL under one roof. Verizon has invested heavily in its video offering and digital advertising and the acquisition of Yahoo is seen as a way to capture a piece of that pie which is dominated by Facebook Inc. (FB) and Alphabet, Inc.'s (GOOGL) Google. Those two control more than two-thirds of the mobile ad market combined. The deal does not include Yahoo s 15% stake in Alibaba, its 35% stake in Yahoo Japan and some patents, which have a combined market value of $41 billion. (See also: Verizon Finally Acquires Yahoo Core Operations.) General Mills Teams Up with Yahoo Esports as First Sponsor of New Live Shows SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced today that General Mills is the first presenting sponsor of Yahoo Esports Live, a new hour-long weekly live show. With custom branded segments and video advertising during this live programming, the new campaign for Reese s Puffs Cereal will connect with fans of Yahoo Esports around recent news and analysis in the Esports industry. As part of this campaign, Reese s Puffs will also sponsor Yahoo s coverage for the live stream of ESL One New York 2016 from October 1-2.

 Consumers are more engaged with live content than ever and, with this new programming across Yahoo Esports, we re giving our users more of the shows they want while opening up tremendous opportunities for advertisers,  said Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Revenue Officer, Yahoo.  We have a focused strategy around live video and General Mills recognized the power of this medium to connect with their audience, especially millennials who come to Yahoo Esports for their latest updates and analysis. 

Yahoo Esports Live includes two 30 minute segments, Late Night League and Tilted, airing every Monday from 3-4 PM PST starting September 12 on Yahoo Esports and Twitch. Reese s Puffs is the first sponsor and will have new opportunities to reach fans within this live experience. This sponsorship extends the  You Either Love Them or You re Wrong  campaign for Reese s Puffs to reach an important audience of millennials on Yahoo. In addition to Yahoo Esports Live, Reese s Puffs will also run branded segments during Yahoo Esports  coverage of ESL One New York 2016 on October 1-2. Late Night League, hosted by Mark Zimmerman   known best for Blame Game and his work on the Riot Games' LCS analyst desk   will focus on recent news around the Esports world in the style of a late night talk show. Tilted, the second half of Yahoo Esports Live, is a roundtable discussion with a rotating cast of Yahoo Esports editorial and video personalities.

 As a leader in the emerging Esports space and an experienced player in live programming, Yahoo was the obvious choice for our new campaign for Reese s Puffs,  said Devin Kunysz, marketing manager, Reese's Puffs, General Mills.  We ve found a really unique way to connect with our audience around the new Yahoo Esports Live, so that we re able to not only entertain and engage fans around our brand, but drive results for our business. 

Yahoo continues to double down on video this year, with a focus on bringing the best live programming to users and opportunities for advertisers. Tune in to Yahoo Esports Live, premiering Monday, September 12 at 3 PM PST   https://esports.yahoo.com/.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo and Yahoo Finance are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc.

All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Verizon-Yahoo Deal Will Spark 'Job Changes' Says AOL CEO The mission to merge Yahoo's assets with AOL ( aol ) and Verizon's will lead to "some job changes" according to AOL CEO Tim Armstrong.

Armstrong told the crowd at TechCrunch Disrupt 2016 in San Francisco that synergies within Yahoo ( yhoo ) and AOL's operations will inevitably lead to some job changes but stressed that the deal itself was "not about job cuts."

Get Data Sheet , Fortune's technology newsletter.

Armstrong and Verizon ( vz ) executive vice president Marni Walden said the company is focused on a strategy that leverages advertisements across all platforms, utilizes partnerships with strongest competitors, and strengthens media brands such as the Huffington Post and Yahoo news.

"Google is search, Facebook is social, we're going to be brand," said Armstrong. SPHS: Initiating on Sophiris Bio, Inc.; Developing Novel Treatments for ... By David Bautz, PhD



NASDAQ:SPHS



Sophiris Bio, Inc. (SPHS) is developing treatments for lower urinary tract symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and localized clinically significant low to intermediate risk prostate cancer. The company s lead candidate, PRX302 (topsalysin), is a genetically engineered recombinant protein that is activated through enzymatic cleavage by prostate specific antigen (PSA), which is produced in large quantities by the prostate gland. Once activated, topsalysin combines with other topsalysin molecules to form stable transmembrane pores and initiate cell death. The compound has been successfully tested in one Phase 3 clinical trial for BPH and a Phase 2a clinical trial for localized prostate cancer.



PRX302



PRX302 (topsalysin) is a genetically modified form of proaerolysin, a bacterial protein that binds to the surface of target cells, forming a transmembrane complex that opens pores in the cell surface and allows for the release of small molecules and ions critical for cell function. PRX302 is a prodrug that is activated through cleavage by prostate specific antigen (PSA), a protease produced by the prostate gland. Protease inhibitors inactivate PSA in the bloodstream, thus enzymatically active PSA is only found in normal and malignant prostate tissue. This specificity of PSA activity allows for the targeting of drugs to the prostate, with limited systemic side effects. PRX302 is further targeted through administration to patients through an ultrasound-guided series of injections into the prostate.







PRX302 in BPH



A randomized, double blind, placebo controlled Phase 3 clinical trial was performed in 479 men suffering from BPH randomized 1:1 to receive PRX302 or placebo. Results from the study showed that injection of PRX302 resulted in a statistically significant improvement in IPSS total score from baseline over 52 weeks (7.60 vs. 6.58; P=0.043). A secondary analysis of IPSS total score showed a maximal effect at week 18 between PRX302-treated and placebo-treated patients (8.31 vs. 6.89; P=0.012).



Sophiris is currently evaluating options to advance PRX302 further in development for the treatment of BPH. A second Phase 3 clinical trial will be required in order to apply for approval with the FDA, which will cost a significant amount of money (we estimate approximately $35 million). While the company is currently uncertain about how exactly the second Phase 3 trial will be funded, it is likely that a non-dilutive partnership or royalty agreement will be utilized and that a second Phase 3 trial would not be initiated until such arrangement was procured.



PRX302 in Prostate Cancer



PRX302 was studied in a single center, open label, six month study in 18 men with a single, histologically proven, clinically significant prostate tumor. Patients needed to have a Gleason score of 7 and   10 mm Maximum Cancer Core Length (MCCL) or a Gleason score of 6 and > 3 mm MCCL. The primary outcome of the study was safety and tolerability over six months with secondary outcomes examining histological and MRI evidence of tumor control over six months.



Results from the study showed that two men experienced complete ablation of their targeted tumor with no evidence of tumor remaining at six months, seven men experienced a partial response, defined as either a reduction in the MCCL or a reduction in Gleason pattern, and nine patients had no response to treatment. The fact that two patients saw a complete response in the proof-of-concept clinical trial is very encouraging, as the study was only designed to allow for a greater understanding of the optimal dose and delivery method for PRX302. Based on the data obtained thus far, we believe that PRX302 could offer men with low-to-intermediate risk prostate cancer the potential to have their lesion ablated, or at least decreased to a size that warrants active surveillance as opposed to radical treatment (e.g., radical prostatectomy).



Valuation



We value Sophiris using a probability adjusted discounted cash flow that takes into account potential future revenues from the sale of PRX302 in both BPH and prostate cancer. For both BPH and prostate cancer, we anticipate the company ultimately entering into collaboration before commercialization of PRX302. For modeling purposes, we are estimating a second Phase 3 study starting in BPH in 2018 and approval in 2021. For prostate cancer, we estimate the upcoming Phase 2b trial concluding by the end of 2017, a Phase 3 program completing by 2020 and approval in 2021.



Prostate cancer likely represents the greatest value proposition for the company, as PRX302 is highly differentiated from other therapies currently available and under development and the company generated very promising data from the proof-of-concept study that included two complete responses. We estimate approximately 180,000 men will develop prostate cancer in 2016 and that approximately 80% of those will have localized disease, 50% of which will require treatment for a total target population of approximately 72,000. We believe that PRX302 could attain 20% market share and have peak revenues of approximately $950 million in the U.S. and $850 million in the E.U. Using a 15% royalty rate, a 13% discount rate, and a 40% chance of approval, we estimate the net present value for PRX302 in prostate cancer to be $178 million.



For BPH, we model for a low market share for the approximately 4 million men who receive treatment for BPH and peak revenues of approximately $300 million. Using a 15% royalty rate, a 13% discount rate, and a 60% chance of approval, we estimate the net present value for PRX302 in BPH to be $46 million.



Combining the values for PRX302 in prostate cancer and BPH along with the company s current cash total and expected additional capital requirement of $30 million, we arrive at a net present value for the company of $219 million. Dividing this number by the fully diluted share count of approximately 36 million shares leads to a valuation of $6, and we note considerable upside is possible to this valuation with continued clinical success of PRX302 in the company s upcoming Phase 2b trial in prostate cancer.



For a free copy of the full initiation research report, please email scrinvestors@zacks.com with SPHS as the subject.



SUBSCRIBE TO ZACKS SMALL CAP RESEARCH to receive our articles and reports emailed directly to you each morning. Please visit our website for additional information on Zacks SCR and to view our disclaimer.







Read More 
2016-03-12
YHOO Stock: The Case to Be Bullish on Yahoo! Inc. in 1 Chart By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : March 12, 2016

The Case for YHOO Stock

When the history of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is written, Marissa Mayer won t come off looking great. There were really high hopes that she could turn around YHOO stock, but that s the thing about really high expectations they set you up for failure.

Nonetheless, I think Yahoo stock is oversold. Marissa Mayer has done a lot of damage with her frivolous spending; there s no denying that. She spent $108 million a year on free food for her staff and bought startups that her buddies founded. (Source:  Marissa Mayer is blowing money on ridiculous things,  Business Insider, December 14, 2015.)

One of those startups was created by her ex-prot g  at Google. She used her authority at Yahoo to arrange a $230-million acquisition of that company. All told, Marissa Mayer showed reckless disregard for shareholders by burning their cash like that.

It s inexcusable, but it doesn t mean that Yahoo stock is worthless. And right now, the market is pricing YHOO at less than nothing. Take a look at this chart.

This chart makes an undeniable case in favor of Yahoo stock. Let s break it down 

The column all the way on the left says that Yahoo has an overall market capitalization of $33.8 billion. But there are big investors in YHOO stock who want to break up the company, so we need to see what its individual parts are worth. (Source:  Yahoo Is Looking for a New Way Around Alibaba Taxes,  Bloomberg, December 2, 2015.)

The company s Japanese subsidiary has been a profit center for the last few years. It is a valuable asset that the market prices at $8.7 billion. Then there s the portion of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd that Yahoo bought before the company s initial public offering (IPO). It s worth a whopping $32.6 billion right now.

Add those two together, throw Yahoo s cash reserves on top, and you end up with a $48.1-billion valuation. But the market capitalization of Yahoo is just $33.8 billion?

How does that make sense? What about Yahoo! Finance, the fantasy football app, or even Tumblr? Even if you think those things aren t great assets, they re certainly worth something. Yet the market is valuing Yahoo s core at -$14.3 billion.

That s why I think YHOO stock is oversold. I mean, come on, Yahoo stock may be on the brink of oblivion, but it s not worth less than nothing. Yahoo Israel, leading video efforts, unconcerned about shakeup When Yahoo teamed up with the NFL to live stream a football game globally on October 25, it set a record for streaming sports.



The stream attracted 15.2 million people from around the world, and its success bodes well for the central role the company has given to video and live sports streaming.

Relevant to your professional network? Please share on Linkedin

 Our goal is to be the premium platform for sporting events,  Yahoo s VP, video products engineering, P.P.S.Narayan, told The Jerusalem Post in the company s Tel Aviv offices last week.Much of the technology that allowed Yahoo to stream the game to so many people simultaneously, with low buffer times and fast download speeds, was developed in the company s Israel offices.That s one reason that the local branch, which includes development in the fields of video, ads and search, is not concerned about the potential shakeup at Yahoo, which is considering several strategies to deal with falling revenues. Among them is spinning off its core Internet business. The key answer is that the teams in Israel and Sunnyvale [in California] are industry leading from a technology perspective, and that s where we re investing,  Narayan said.The impact of any moves by the corporation s headquarters on Israel would be  minimal to none,  he predicted.The show of confidence is impressive given that Yahoo only opened its offices in Tel Aviv in 2010, with the $55 million acquisition of ad company Dapper, two years after it opened it Haifa office.Last year, it acquired the video streaming platform company RayV   which has become a central part of its video operations here   for an undisclosed amount, followed by anti-ad blocking software company ClarityRay, for a reported $15m-$20m.Narayan said that as consumer habits regarding video content change, technology will be ever more important. There is a pretty significant shift that s happening from a consumption perspective when it comes to video,  he said.In the US, fewer people are paying for TV and subscribing to cable and satellite channels. Millennials in particular are shifting to online viewing. That means both that younger consumers are cutting their cords, and that they are spending less time watching a linear line-up of TV shows, choosing instead on-demand access. That consumption shift is driving a lot of the content shift, which is basically that folks on cable are taking their content, moving it from their cable bundle, and putting it on computers, tablets and connected TVs,  he said.Those habits drive technology and content which further drive changes in habits, a process Narayan said was a  virtuous circle.  One of the main obstacles is increasing quality without adding to download times and hassle. Basically we give the best quality that any device can play,  said Lev Korostyshevsky, Yahoo s director of engineering for video, who joined the company through the RayV acquisition.Beyond becoming a platform for live sporting events, which is its main priority, the company is also branching out.It is also looking into other partnerships   the company will livestream Berkshire Hathaway s annual shareholder meeting this year, for example.The company is also preparing for the next wave: virtual reality and 360-degree video. The next generation immersive experience is the 360 experience and immersive experience,  Korostyshevsky said. As Yahoo Focuses On Core Services, Yahoo Games Flatlines On May 13 Advertisement

Nearly two decades after it was launched, Yahoo Games will cease to entertain people as the company has officially axed the service.

Come May 13, Yahoo Games' fans can get ready to bid adieu to the games portal as the company finally pulls the plug on the service.

On Friday, Yahoo Inc. revealed via a statement that it would be closing down Games. However, this is not the only service being axed as Yahoo is also shutting down video chat mobile app Livetext and Build your Own Search Service (BOSS) APIs, as well as some smaller regional media properties.

The decision is made in a bid to focus on the eight core services - Search, Mail, Tumblr, Sports, News, Flickr, Lifestyle and Finance.

"As part of our efforts to focus on select areas, the Yahoo Games site and publishing channel will be discontinued as of Friday, May 13, 2016," said Yahoo's Chief Architect Amotz Maimon.

Friday the 13th will not bode well for the Games portal and its fate is now sealed. Yahoo has asked developers of games to stop taking payments from people starting Monday. BOSS and Livetext will cease to be operational on March 31.

The regional media properties will be closed in the coming weeks. This includes Yahoo Astrology, which will close in India, Spain, the UK, France and Germany.

Yahoo Maktoob News - both the English and Arabic versions - will see the Weather, Sports, Celebrity, Helwa, Style and Movies will be closing down.

This is not the first time Yahoo has shut down some of its services. In June 2015, the company pulled the plug on Maps, Pipes, as well as the GeoPlanet & PlaceSpotter APIs.

Yahoo's announcement of closing down the Games portal does not come as a surprise as it was nearing its end as the popularity diminished. Moreover, Yahoo had removed a bulk of the games in March 2014 due to security concerns.

Additionally, a large number of games on the portal ran on Java and Flash - both are platforms which have been under scrutiny due to security concerns. Moreover, Flash gaming is not popular anymore - largely due to the popularity of mobile games and a decline of Flash.

Therefore, it is for the best that Yahoo ended the platform's existence.

Yahoo could also be shutting down the Games portal because the company itself is in shambles. Some reports have even hinted that it could be sold in the near future.

  2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. 
2016-04-27
Yahoo to name four new board members, ending Starboard proxy fight Yahoo Inc. has come to an agreement with activist investor Starboard Value and will add four new directors to its board, the struggling tech company said Wednesday.

The announcement ends a proxy fight that began last month when Starboard said it would nominate nine directors to Yahoo's board. If it had been successful, the move probably would have ended Chief Executive Marissa Mayer's tenure. She has been trying to turn around the Sunnyvale, Calif., company.

As part of the agreement, Starboard has withdrawn its director nominees for Yahoo's board.

The four new directors are Tor Braham, former head of technology mergers and acquisitions for Deutsche Bank Securities; Eddy Hartenstein, former publisher of the Los Angeles Times and board director of the paper's owner, Tribune Publishing Co.; Richard Hill, chairman and former interim chief executive of semiconductor company Tessera Technologies; and Jeffrey Smith, Starboard chief executive.

Braham, Hartenstein and Smith were among Starboard's nominees.

Starboard is one of Yahoo s largest shareholders and has grown increasingly frustrated with the tech company s turnaround efforts.

In a letter to shareholders in March, the New York hedge fund said that Yahoo s management and board had  repeatedly failed  shareholders and that Mayer hadn t made enough of an effort to find a buyer for the struggling company or to find a way to spin off its lucrative Yahoo Japan Corp. and Alibaba Group holdings.

Yahoo s stock has tumbled about 30% since November 2014. Its shares were down 39 cents, or 1%, to $36.72 in mid-morning trading Wednesday.

For more business news, follow @smasunaga. Yahoo! Inc.: What Happens if VZ Logs Out From Bid for YHOO? Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) stock has surged about 40% from the low it set earlier this year, behind what the company claims is significant interest for various parts of its company.

According to a report from Bloomberg, YHOO is beginning the tedious task of narrowing down bids for its core internet business, with there being more than 10 offers that range from $4 to $8 billion.

Therefore, it would appear that M&A will surround Yahoo during the foreseeable future, and that s driving Yahoo stock higher. And while many companies have been noted as potential suitors, Verizon Communications Inc. ( VZ ) is at the epicenter of all talks related to YHOO, and is seen by most analysts as one of the few very serious companies in the bidding war.

However, given the turbulent ride that Yahoo stock has been on over the last year, I ask the question of what happens if Verizon does not buy Yahoo s core business, and Yahoo remains as is.

What s Going On With YHOO and VZ?

Just to be clear, YHOO has been very hush hush as it relates to the M&A rumors surrounding the company. Yes, it has stated that YHOO is for sale, but all of the rumors that involve dollar amounts are coming from media sources, like Reuters and Bloomberg. While most are reliable sources, one must conclude that the intel is likely coming straight from YHOO, who might very well be trying to drive interest.

Nevertheless, while investors are placing their bets, you must never forget the complete dysfunction and failures that have also surrounded Yahoo during the Marissa Mayer era to create shareholder value via the divestment of assets.

This is a company that wasted tens of millions, or maybe more, over a two-year span on the failed spinoff attempt of the 380 million plus shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ( BABA ) it owns.

The company got scared off by the possibility that it might have to pay taxes after the IRS seemingly changed rules to ensure that Yahoo would be held accountable for its tax bill. What s frustrating is that Yahoo had a very good shot to win this battle with the IRS, and was well aware of the IRS s stance for nearly a year before deciding to back out.

As a result, YHOO lost shareholder trust, and to this day there is no clear-cut plan in place. Yes, Yahoo s sum of parts make it very valuable. However, that value is only unlocked when and if a major move is made, presumably involving Verizon.

What Happens if Verizon Is Unwilling to Pay?

While VZ and YHOO s core business seems like a perfect fit given the former s acquisition of AOL, we can t discount the mistake-prone behavior of Yahoo s decision makers. From Tumblr to Alibaba, Yahoo s management has been one public mistake after another.

With that said, if Yahoo holds out for more than Verizon is willing to pay, or if the executive team is not satisfied with the compensation packages that such a buyout creates, it is very possible that Verizon backs out and Yahoo heads back to the drawing board.

Furthermore, don t discount the possibility of this happening, and if it does, all of the gains in Yahoo stock during the last few months would most certainly be wiped out.

If Yahoo is unsuccessful in obtaining a bid and selling off its pieces in a timely manner, investors will quickly lose patience. Keep in mind that frustration with Yahoo s executive team and their failures is what pushed YHOO stock down from a peak of $52 in late 2014 to a low of $26 earlier this year.

So while I admit that a dream scenario for Yahoo bulls, that Verizon buys YHOO core and Alibaba or Softbank ( SFTBY ) buys back Yahoo s BABA and Yahoo! Japan stakes, is very possible, the key takeaway is that Mayer & Co. just don t have much wiggle room with Yahoo stock owners to procrastinate or ultimately fail to get this deal done.

If it falls through or takes longer than shareholders expect, or if Yahoo goes back to the drawing board entirely, it could get ugly real quick for Yahoo stock.

In other words, it may be wise to take some profits.

As of this writing, Brian Nichols owns none of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Vox Media Names First CFO, Adds Former Yahoo President to Board Vox Media Inc. appointed its first chief financial officer and named former Yahoo! Inc. President Susan Decker to the board, bolstering the online media company s management and oversight amid growth initiatives backed by NBCUniversal.

Stephen Swad, 54, was named CFO after working as acting finance chief for several months, Chief Executive Officer Jim Bankoff said in an interview. He is the former CEO of Rosetta Stone Inc., the language-learning software company, and has worked at Fannie Mae, AOL and Time Warner Inc.

Stephen Swad Photographer: Scott Eells/Bloomberg

 Steve has built big companies, and we need more experienced executives who can help us do that as we enter new levels of growth,  Bankoff said.

While the appointment of a CFO is sometimes seen as a prelude to an initial public offering, Bankoff said Vox has  no immediate plans  for an IPO. With Swad and Decker, the company gains executives with a deep understanding of both traditional and online media. Decker, 53, spent almost nine years at Yahoo and serves on the board of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp.

Vox, which was founded 13 years ago as SB Nation before adopting its current name in 2011, is profitable and increased revenue by more than 50 percent last year, according to a person with knowledge of the finances. The company has raised about $300 million and is valued at about $1 billion, said the person, who asked not to be identified disclosing nonpublic information.

NBC Funding

The funding includes $200 million from Comcast Corp. s NBCUniversal announced in August. Vox publishes eight news and lifestyle websites, including Vox.com, The Verge, SB Nation, Re/code and Polygon.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Vox s announcements come at a challenging moment in digital media. The Financial Times recently reported that BuzzFeed missed its revenue projections last year. The company has denied the report. Mashable Inc. recently fired staff to focus on creating more video for TV and social media platforms. The Huffington Post cut jobs in January after phasing out daily live broadcasts in favor of videos that could be shared over social media.

Bankoff, a former AOL executive, has said that he wants Vox to be the Conde Nast of the digital age. The company s websites collectively reached 62.5 million unique U.S. visitors in February, up 19 percent from a year earlier, according to ComScore Inc. data.

This month, Vox began jointly selling online and TV advertising with NBCUniversal. Earlier this week, Vox unveiled a new outlet called Circuit Breaker, a gadget blog that publishes largely on Facebook instead of on a website.

 I don t know what expectations people have, but we re seeing tremendous growth,  Bankoff said.  We re seeing marketers who want to reach these valuable audiences.  Twitter's executive gravy train is much bigger than Facebook's, Yahoo's There s more to the story of Twitter than just the company s failure to hit target numbers expected by Wall Street analysts. What should really scare investors away from the stock is the rapid pace of dilution from outsized stock-based compensation to the social-media company s employees.

Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.83% posted a net loss of $79.7 million, or 12 cents a share, narrower than a loss of $162.4 million, or 25 cents, a year earlier. The loss reflects $150.9 million in stock-based compensation to employees, which was down from $162.4 million a year earlier.

Twitter focuses on revenue growth in its quarterly announcements of financial results, as most money-losing companies do. It also provides non-GAAP numbers, showing an adjusted profit $102.7 million, or 15 cents a share, for the first quarter, more than double the $46.5 million, or 7 cents, a year earlier.

Twitter Posts Disappointing Revenue and Forecast (0:58) Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey s push to turnaround the struggling company hit another snag on Tuesday. The social media company s first quarter earnings showed advertising revenue came in lower than expected. Photo: Getty Images

The biggest adjustment is stock-based compensation, and you can see all the adjusted figures on page 15 of the earnings press release.

Many analysts ignore stock-based compensation, and investors do as well. After all, it s a non-cash item. But shareholders who are not being handed the newly issued shares are indeed suffering. Their positions are diluted, which means they own smaller percentages of the company. If the company were profitable, the dilution would lower earnings per share.

See: Twitter s great plan is to sling spaghetti at the wall until something makes money

Comparison of stock-based compensation

With a market value of $12.4 billion (before the company s shares fell 16% on Wednesday), it s fair to compare Twitter s level of stock-based compensation to companies included in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.68% even though Twitter isn t part of the benchmark index.

Since stock-based compensation can be a seasonal item, and since many companies haven t yet reported their first-quarter results, we compared data provided by FactSet for the past 12 reported months for Twitter and the S&P 500, and found that Twitter has been doling out, by far, the most stock-based compensation to executives as a percentage of revenue.

Here s Twitter s stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenue, along with the S&P 500 companies with the highest ratio of the same:

Companies can issue new shares for plenty of reasons other than compensation, and their share counts can decline if share buybacks outweigh the issuance of new shares, as they did for three of the companies on the list above.

Dilution is important, especially if it goes on year after year, as we are seeing with Twitter. This is an excellent example of how looking only at whether a company hits or misses expectations can mask a serious underlying problem.

Also read: Twitter is in the midst of an existential crisis What Do Time Inc. And Its Viant Have To Tell Us? by John Motavalli, Columnist, April 27, 2016

Last week, I wrote that Google and Facebook will control 85% of new online advertising, a daunting prospect for any company considering competition. I also noted that I see a third company looming, a probable combination by Verizon of AOL and Yahoo! That combination would result in an instant No. 1 traffic leader. So where does that leave other social and ad tech companies?

I talked this week to Jon Schulz, CMO at Viant, the ad tech and content (MySpace) company recently acquired by Time Inc. Schulz doesn t go so far to say, as did Rupert Murdoch in a complaint to the European Union, that Google is anti-competitive. But he does call the 85% figure  accurate  and opines,  when companies get that big, they get a bit threatening.  Given their domination of search,  they have a lot of advantages. 

What s Viant s argument against the total supremacy of Google and Facebook? Schulz, who spent 20 years at Ford in various capacities, says his competitors are  walled gardens,  and that advertisers want to learn more.  The information loop is critically important.  With Google and Facebook,  there isn t a lot of information exchanged. 

advertisement advertisement

Schulz promises  a series of announcements  at Time Inc. quarterly earnings session, on May 5.  There is a lot of news coming up,  he promises.

Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp had promised that his company would go after Yahoo! But Time Inc. s own periodical, Fortune, compared that last month to  tying two rocks together to try and make them float, a couple of drunks holding each other up, etc.  The same piece called MySpace  faded  and Yahoo a  dead man walking.  (With corporate friends like this, you don t need enemies.) Most think the Yahoo! move is off the table now.

So what could Time Inc./Viant announce that would make the ad tech world take them seriously? At one time, say, nine years ago, MySpace had twice the traffic of Facebook   114 million uniques compared to 52 million for Facebook in June 2007, according to comScore. It was valued as high as $12 billion. Sumner Redstone famously fired a great Viacom CEO, Tom Freston, because he failed to acquire MySpace. What happened after Murdoch paid $580 million for it in 2005? Murdoch admitted defeat when he cast it aside.

 Simple answer   we screwed up in every way possible, learned lots of valuable expensive lessons,  he said as he sold it. Viant didn t buy MySpace until 2011, and they paid only $35 million for it.

Murdoch s no dummy. But his company famously lacked digital know-how in 2005. There was that famous attempt at creating a joint venture with MCI to compete with AOL, and a lot of palaver with online companies that didn t amount to much. It sold MySpace for peanuts because it didn't know how to run it. Basically, one could argue that the same equation could be at work now. Remember, Time Inc. had a net loss of $881 million last year and it has had a history of disastrous tech failures, like the futuristic Full Service Network and the bungled Pathfinder Web operation.

Viant s Schulz argues that Viant added strong relationships with clients in the retail, packaged goods and auto categories, adding to Time s strength in such arenas as pharmaceuticals and telecommunications. And it s got plenty of traffic. comScore s March rankings put the Time Inc. Network at No. 16 overall, with almost the same amount of traffic as Twitter, 113 million uniques, and ahead of eBay. But Yahoo! is the No. 3 Web property, and it s on life support, according to Fortune. And in terms of smartphone apps, Google and Facebook own eight of the top 15. Can the No. 16 Web property do battle with this kind of power play?

Programmatic Insider is a great believer in the interactive/feedback loop of MediaPost. I would encourage readers to post what they think Time and Viant are going to announce May 5. If you know, let us know. I would not be surprised if it s a content acquisition. If Time bought something like, say, BuzzFeed, its traffic would equal Yahoo! BuzzFeed executive chairman Ken Lerer is a former EVP of AOL Time Warner.

(By way of disclosure, I should mention that I worked for News Corp. in two different capacities   at the New York Post and on the MCI/News Corp. joint venture.) Yahoo! Inc announces board changes and agreement with Starboard  
2016-02-05
Download Your Smart TV's Remote App and Stop Clicking Through Big-Screen Keyboards If I were forced to pick one thing I don t like about smart TV software at large, it d be the giant on-screen keyboards you re asked to click through with your remote anytime you want to login or search for a movie or TV show.

The good news: All the popular smart TV systems today offer apps that let you use your smartphone   with its touchscreen keyboard   as a much more capable remote.

Apple TV, Roku, and Android TV each feature App Store and/or Google Play apps that are easy as pie to set up, and beyond their nicer-to-use keyboards, they can even dictate your voice commands to their associated smart TV boxes, too.

My tip: Download these remote apps now so you can skip all the clicking and get on with your binging.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2016-01-19
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer's 'Twisted' Joke Is Killing Morale According to the New York Post, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) CEO Marissa Mayer may have offered a textbook lesson on how to kill morale at the company.

The New York Post, citing "sources," reported that Mayer offered a "creepy" message that drew "nervous chuckles" from employees who are worried about their job prospects.

"She said there are going to be no layoffs 'this week,' and many of the employees laughed at her," a source said. The source added that many employees took the "scary remark as twisted confirmation" that Mayer is "sharpening the ax" ahead of a potential new round of layoffs.

"This is the reason employee morale is so low," the source also said.

The publication also noted that Mayer's "less-than-reassuring" comment was made at an internal meeting on January 8.

Posted-In: Marissa Mayer New York Post Yahoo Yahoo FiringsNews Rumors Management Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. What Are Analysts' Recommendations for Yahoo? Tech Giant Strategies from TWTR, YHOO, GOOG, and More PART 5 OF 10

What Are Analysts  Recommendations for Yahoo?

As of January 15, 2016, Yahoo (YHOO) has generated returns of -37.3% for the trailing 12 months and 11.6% in the trailing-one-month period. The share price of the company has fallen by 4.9% in the trailing-five-day period.

Yahoo s peers Baidu (BIDU), Alphabet (GOOG), and Facebook (FB) have generated returns of -4.3%, -2.8%, and 2.4%, respectively, in the trailing-five-day period.

Moving averages

On January 15, 2016, the last trading price of Yahoo (YHOO) was $29.1. The company was trading 9.3% below its 20-day moving average of $32.1, 11.9% below its 50-day moving average of $33.1, and 10.2% below its 100-day moving average of $32.5.

Interested in BIDU? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on BIDU Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Moving average convergence divergence and RSI

The MACD (or moving average convergence divergence) is the difference between the short-term and long-term moving averages of a company. Yahoo s 14-day MACD of -0.71 shows a downward trading trend, as the figure is negative.

The 14-day relative strength index (or RSI) for Yahoo is 35, which shows that the stock is somewhat oversold. If an RSI is above 70, it indicates that a stock has been overbought. An RSI figure of below 30 suggests that a stock has been oversold.

Yahoo constitutes 0.16% of the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY).

Analyst recommendations

Out of 43 analysts covering Yahoo, 26 have  buy  recommendations, none have  sell  recommendations, and 17 have  hold  recommendations on the stock.

The analyst stock price target for the company is $42.2, with a median target estimate of $42.0. Yahoo is trading at a discount of 30.6% with respect to its median target. '123456' Tops Yearly List of Most Common Passwords (Again) You d like to think that we humans are getting progressively better at using these computer things as the years pass. But a quick scan through 2015 s list of most commonly used passwords will smash and set fire to that bit of optimistic thinking.



For a fifth straight year, the secure phrases  123456  and  password  were the most-used and second-most-used passwords by Interneters in North America and Western Europe, according to SplashData s annual  Worst Passwords  ranking.

The company, which develops password management software, uses aggregations of leaked passwords as sample sizes to determine the most popular security phrases in circulation. Though  123456  and  password  have been the most abundant among the millions of leaked passwords analyzed yearly by SplashData since 2011, security expert and author Mike Burkett (who s collaborated with the company on its annual lists) has had the passphrases marked as No. 1 and 2 on his  Worst Passwords of All Time  list since 2005.

Other worst passwords on SplashData s latest list were  qwerty,   football,   dragon,  and  111111. 

Read the entire 2015 ranking below:

Oy vey. (SplashData)

Scary, but at least we re beginning to see some horribly insecure Star Wars passwords in the mix! (Next best thing to horribly insecure Spaceballs passwords.)





Seriously, though: If your password is on the list above, do yourself a favor and change it now. And if you can t come up with a secure password on your own   something more complex than  monkey    this 11-year-old girl will sell you one for two dollars.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.

 Chowdhry: Major Tech Layoffs Are Coming, Fed's Dudley Is 'Clueless' On Labor ... In what is becoming a trend on the weekends, Global Equities Research Trip Chowdhry smashed out estimate for 333,000 layoffs in the Technology sector.

According to Chowdhry, Back Expertise, Products and Services is going to shrink as jobs in the Customer/Functional Domain increase in focus. The latter is focused on cloud services like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) AWS, Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG)-cloud based structures, and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) Azure and the former is more of a "on-premise infrastructure."

In his prepared remarks for delivery at the Economic Leadership Forum, Chowdhry said New York Fed's Bill Dudley making a case for higher interest rates mentioned that there will be further growth in Labor demand in 2016.

Here's the list of layoffs the analyst sees coming:

EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC): Total Employees: 70,000: Between 15-20 percent layoffs = between 10,000 and 14,000 employees

(NYSE: EMC): Total Employees: 70,000: Between 15-20 percent layoffs = between 10,000 and 14,000 employees VMWare, Inc. (NYSE: VMW): Total Employees: 17,000: Between 10-15 percent layoffs = between 1,700 and 2,500

(NYSE: VMW): Total Employees: 17,000: Between 10-15 percent layoffs = between 1,700 and 2,500 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (NYSE: HPE): Total Employees 240,000: ~30 percent layoffs = 72,000

(NYSE: HPE): Total Employees 240,000: ~30 percent layoffs = 72,000 HP Inc (NYSE: HPQ): Total Employees 287,000: ~30 percent layoffs = 86,000

(NYSE: HPQ): Total Employees 287,000: ~30 percent layoffs = 86,000 International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM): Total Employees 379,000: ~25 percent layoffs = 95,000

(NYSE: IBM): Total Employees 379,000: ~25 percent layoffs = 95,000 Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO): Total Employees 72,000: ~20 percent layoffs = 14,000

(NASDAQ: CSCO): Total Employees 72,000: ~20 percent layoffs = 14,000 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR): Total Employees 8,800: ~15 percent layoffs = 1,300

(NYSE: JNPR): Total Employees 8,800: ~15 percent layoffs = 1,300 Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL): Total Employees 132,000: ~20 percent layoffs = 26,000

(NYSE: ORCL): Total Employees 132,000: ~20 percent layoffs = 26,000 Microsoft: Total Employees 118,000: ~15 percent layoffs = 18,000 (The company is letting go about 200 to 250 people every week, but none of these are ever announced.)

NetApp Inc. (NASDAQ: NTAP): Total Employees: 12,800: ~15 percent layoffs = 1,800

(NASDAQ: NTAP): Total Employees: 12,800: ~15 percent layoffs = 1,800 Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC): Total Employees: 19,000: ~15 percent layoffs = 2,800

(NASDAQ: SYMC): Total Employees: 19,000: ~15 percent layoffs = 2,800 F5 Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: FFIV): Total Employees: 4,500: ~10 percent layoffs = 450

(NASDAQ: FFIV): Total Employees: 4,500: ~10 percent layoffs = 450 Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO): Total Employees 12,500: ~30 percent layoffs = 3,500

(NASDAQ: YHOO): Total Employees 12,500: ~30 percent layoffs = 3,500 Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP): Total Employees 3,671: ~30 percent layoffs = 1,000

Latest Ratings for MSFT Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Tigress Financial Upgrades Neutral Buy Jan 2017 Wells Fargo Initiates Coverage On Outperform Dec 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage On Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for MSFT

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Global Equities Research Trip ChowdhryAnalyst Color Economics Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Tweed Inc. supplier endorses mail-order pot system While Ottawa navigates the steps it ll take to legalize marijuana in Canada, the head of one of the country s largest pot distributors supports the use of Canada Post as a convenient and immediate channel.



Mark Zekulin is the president of Tweed Inc., one of 27 licensed producers of medical marijuana in Canada. That means, the product they produce is highly regulated when it comes to security, labelling and traceability.



Tweed customers follow a series of steps, which starts with getting an assessment from a health care provider as to whether medical marijuana is the right avenue to take.

If so, the doctor signs a medical document, which is akin to a prescription that is sent into Tweed or other licensed producer. Orders are done online or over the phone and the product is then shipped out, usually via Canada Post, though occasionally through a courier system.



Zekulin says Tweed mails thousands of orders out every week, in packages that are odor-proof and discreet.



 It s fully tracked door-to-door, not unlike how ordering wine works,  he tells Yahoo Canada News.  When it arrives, it will require a signature and ID to make sure you re of age. The system is set up and it s very secure. 



As provinces decide whether to distribute pot through liquor stores or dispensaries, Zekulin says his company won t debate what s the most effective approach. So far, Ontario, Manitoba and British Columbia have expressed interest in distributing the drug through provincial liquor stores.

While Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne called it an idea that  makes sense,  a December poll found that 47 per cent of those surveyed in Ontario disapprove of the idea of selling the drug at the LCBO, while 57 per cent were in favour of it being sold at specialized marijuana dispensaries.

Zekulin says all methods have pros and cons but that the upside to distributing marijuana through the mail has many immediate advantages.



 The mail system can be implemented very quickly and very cautiously while those other models are looked at, whether it s the LCBO or private distribution,  he says.  This is an established system and compared to the alternatives, it s a simple starting point. 



As Bill Blair, Toronto s former police chief and now parliamentary secretary to Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould, begins to examine how to tackle marijuana legalization, Zekulin says he and other company officials hope to meet with him.



 We d welcome the chance to sit down with Bill Blair and explain this to him and anyone else who s interested in understanding what that looks like,  he says.



While some predict it will take several years to fully implement legalization, Zekulin stresses that the mail delivery system will move things along for now while provinces decide how they ll manoeuvre the change.



 There s a lot of confusion as to what s going on and I think there s merit to moving quickly,  he says.  It adds certainty. The mail system is proven and works well and can be done quickly. As a first step, that s the right move. 



A Canada Post spokesman said in an email the Crown corporation will follow the law when it comes to sending legalized marijuana through the mail in the future.



 If it is legal to mail we will accept it and if it is deemed not to be legal to go through the mail, then obviously we won t,  spokesman John Caines said in the email.

On Canada Post s customer guide to parcel link for commercial customers, it states prohibited and restricted items include drugs and other controlled substances, as well as those that omit an offensive odor.

It also states that  controlled products may be permitted in the mail but have special requirements or require special documentation These items must be properly prepared and meet applicable requirements for mailing.  
2016-09-26
Yahoo Slapped with Class Action Lawsuit Over Massive Data Breach From Zacks : Yahoo! Inc. s ( NASDAQ:YHOO ) streak of bad luck continues, as the company has now been sued for irresponsibility and negligence over a massive 2014 hacking incident.

Many analysts consider this to be yet another blow to CEO Marissa Mayer s efforts to cure the company s ailing fortunes.

Two class-action specialist law firms Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd and Labaton Sucharow have jointly filed a class action against the company on behalf of Ronald Schwartz, a New York resident and all other users in the U.S. whose personal information have been tampered with.

The Allegation

In a joint statement, attorneys from the two law firms said,  Yahoo s failure to safeguard its users  very personal, sensitive information, in direct violation of its promises, is utterly unacceptable in this day and age. The fact that a breach of this magnitude went undetected at a tech giant like Yahoo for two years is astounding. 

The lawsuit was filed in the federal court in San Jose California, just one day after Yahoo confirmed a massive breach of its security affecting about half a billion of its users.

The company confirmed that the stolen data included consumers  names, email addresses, telephone numbers, date of birth, encrypted passwords and security questions and answers. However, sensitive information like unprotected passwords, payment card data and bank account information were not compromised with.

Many Questions Still Unanswered

The question that is bothering many is that did Yahoo not know about the situation until recently? If yes, then what took it so long to take stock of the situation? Is the company really capable of securing users data? Again, on what basis should one believe Yahoo s claim of a  state sponsored  attack?

It s hard to believe that the company did not know about this massive breach of security. Probably by suppressing the matter for some time, it had tried to avoid additional troubles that could hamper its multi-billion dollar deal with Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ   Analyst Report) .

YAHOO! INC Price

Will it Impact the Verizon Deal?

Verizon is in the midst of finalizing a $4.8 billion deal to acquire Yahoo s core assets. We believe that the disclosure could have a significant impact if Verizon finds a material adverse change (MAC) in the period between signing and closing.

In response to the breach disclosure, Verizon stated that  We will evaluate as the investigation continues through the lens of overall Verizon interests, including consumers, customers, shareholders and related communities. 

Yahoo shares fell $0.57 (-1.33%) to $42.23 in Monday afternoon trading. Year-to-date, YHOO has gained nearly 27%.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Yahoo Finance to Host Exclusive Live Stream of Berkshire Hathaway Shareholders ... SUNNYVALE, Calif. & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) today announced that it will host the exclusive live stream of Berkshire Hathaway s (BRK.A; BRK.B) annual shareholders meeting on Saturday May 6, 2017, for the second year in a row. Approximately 40,000 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders from around the world attend the highly anticipated annual event. In 2016, Yahoo Finance opened the meeting to the general public via live stream, for the first time ever, with more than 1 million viewers tuning in.

 The Berkshire Hathaway live stream represents the best of what Yahoo Finance can offer: unprecedented scale, premium live streaming capabilities, and exclusive editorial content,  said Yahoo Finance editor in chief, Andy Serwer.  We re thrilled that Warren Buffett and his team came back to us to bring this amazing event to the world. 

To date there have been approximately 17 million views of Yahoo Finance s exclusive live and VOD coverage of the Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting. Audiences came to Yahoo Finance to hear first-hand from Mr. Buffett and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, watch interviews with a wide range of notable guests, experience the weekend festivities around Omaha, and the carnival-like atmosphere of the exhibition hall where many of Berkshire's subsidiaries showcase their products and services.

The 2017 live stream will appear exclusively on Yahoo Finance - across all devices - reaching more than 75 million monthly users, and will once again be broadcast in both English and Mandarin. An exclusive VOD replay will be available on Yahoo Finance for 30 days following the meeting. Yahoo will offer video and display advertising, as well as sponsorship opportunities alongside the live stream.

For more information, stay tuned to Yahoo Finance: http://finance.yahoo.com/

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Yahoo Security Breach Poses Opportunity This news hit the press over the last few days and to much dismay, there are many questions still left to be addressed.

Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced last Thursday that it was the victim of a massive hacking attack, not this month or this year but in 2014 and it was likely  state sponsored,  i.e., another country could be behind this mega hack. The tipoff came about when some 200 million accounts had related data being sold on the dark web. This has ended up snowballing into what has now become a breach of  at least 500 million user accounts. 

And according to sources, proposed buyer of Yahoo, Verizon (NYSE:VZ), didn t learn of the hack until last Tuesday, just a few days before it announced the hack to the world. This continues to beg the question of how much cyber security protocol is needed to prevent massive breaches like these? It has been all too common that we see large market-leading organizations fall victim to outside hacking or internal crack in the corporate armor.

Earlier this summer we saw major airlines like Southwest (NYSE:LUV) and Delta (NYSE:DAL) fall victim to what they called  system outages  where websites, check-in systems and booking capabilities were completely shut down. And who could forget the major financial breaches from Target (NYSE:TGT) and Home Depot s (NYSE:HD) payment processing systems in 2014?

Earlier this month Harvard Business Review published an article that explicitly highlighted the troubles that companies are having due to the overall risk of inside interactions. Contributor Marc van Zadelhoff said,  In the 2016 Cyber Security Intelligence Index, IBM (IBM) found that 60% of all attacks were carried out by insiders. Of these attacks, three-quarters involved malicious intent, and one-quarter involved inadvertent actors. IBM Security research also found that health care, manufacturing and financial services are the top three industries under attack, due to their personal data, intellectual property and physical inventory and massive financial assets respectively. 

Based on simple fear, as the economy grows further into  the digital age,  investors look for more exposure to cyber security investment opportunities to take advantage of the growing need. Markets and Market is expecting the cyber security market to grow from $122.45 billion in 2016 to $202.36 billion by 2021, at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.6%.

The fact is that it isn t just hacking from outsiders like the ones who breach Yahoo; a good majority has actually been at the hands of insiders. Thought 62% of breaches are from outside, malicious factors, over 30% of loss can be attributed to accidental or malicious insider actions. This has helped to increase the overall number of breaches we ve seen and is a big reason why investors should be looking at this industry.

Just look at cyber security ETF First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (NASDAQ:CIBR). This has realized a significant increase in value since February of this year and with little reversal since. Mid-February results showed share price float under $14 and since then, the ETF increased to as high as $19.60 on Sept. 23. In addition to that PureFunds ISE Cybersecurity ETF (HACK) has mirrored an almost identical sentiment from February to more recent trading days. The ETF dipped to nearly $19 even and has since recovered on a near eight-month-long bull run to as high as $27.95, a near 50% move.

Both funds have Symantec (NASDAQ:SYMC) as their top holding, and the remaining nine our of top 10 holdings fluctuate between multiple sizes of those holdings. For example First Trust has both Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) and Palo Alto Networks (PANW) as top three holdings while PureFunds has them barely breaking into the top 10.

Recently it was announced that IBM would be digging deeper into the space with the expansion of its Watson system. The tech company announced Watson for Cyber Security earlier this year, a new cloud-based version of the company's cognitive technology trained on the language of security as part of a year-long research project.

Designed on the IBM Cloud, the company says that Watson for Cyber Security will be a technology to offer cognition of security data at scale using its ability to reason and learn from "unstructured data." It s been cited that 80% of all data on the Internet that traditional security tools cannot process, including blogs, articles, videos, reports, alerts and other information, will be accessible to the Watson system. Though there is less exposure to cyber security by going direct to IBM as opposed to something like an actual cyber security ETF, the Watson system opens the door for the company.

Those looking for a more direct exposure to the space could be found in many of the companies in the previously mentioned ETFs. On top of those, a look into Symantec, who recently acquired cyber security and access management company Blue Coat, could be an option. The security company has had its share of tough times in trying to compete and just two weeks ahead of a proposed IPO for Blue Coat, Symantec made a move for a $4.65 billion acquisition. Blue Coat CEO Greg Clark will become CEO of Symantec.

In line with this, IDdriven (IDDR) could also be a topic of discussion. Management previously sold the BHOLD platform to Microsoft (MSFT) for an undisclosed amount. Microsoft is currently a channel partner of IDdriven along with three other firms including Oxford Computers, Tobania (Belgium-based) and Virginia-based Zeva Inc.

On Sept. 26 the company announced that it had brought on Neil Kleinman as the North American sales manager. "Growing frequency and fear of hacking and corporate thefts occurring requires control of employee access within their organizations. IDaaS as a cloud niche is expanding rapidly, and my experience in the SaaS market enables me to make a very quick market entry. 

The interesting part of the increase in cyber security exposure is that the higher performing and higher priced ETF, PureFunds ISE Cybersecurity, holds a good majority in micro-cap stocks.

The micro cap stock exposure is almost the same as both the small and medium market cap stocks in the fund. This could suggest that the underlying theme is that of the M&A route where bigger buyouts of smaller companies could further enhance value of these smaller cap companies, while boasting higher percentage returns during the interim.

In opposition to this, First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF holds a majority of its makeup in medium and small cap investments with little being focused on micro caps. Pent-up demand could be a big contributor to expanding the global identity and access management market size (estimated at $8.92 billion in 2014). The space as a whole is projected to see a compound annual growth rate of nearly 13% by 2020. The growing need for cloud-based engineering and better network capabilities are anticipated to bolster demand across industry segments.

Recently Identity Access Management companies have been gaining more attention from funds. Synchronoss Technologies Inc. (SNCR) for example, which among other things handles identity/access management and secure mobility management services. Based on its latest second quarter regulatory filing with the SEC, Oak Ridge Investments LLC increased its stake in Synchronoss by roughly 5.5%. Reports show that Oak Ridge s holders were 2.69 million shares of Synchronoss at the end of this year s second quarter, valued at $87.14 million, which was up from 2.55 million at the end of the previous reported quarter. Oak Ridge manages about $4.04 billion and $3.82 billion U.S. long portfolio.

Synchronoss hit lows of $20.33 at the beginning of February during the same period the industry seemed to have seen an identical consolidation. But since hitting these levels, shares have remained in an overall bull trend, climbing as high as $43.65 in recent weeks.

With continuous reports of data breaches, sizable hacks, and everything in between, there s no question that the need for a viable cyber security/access management system is needed at all levels of business. With larger growth projected over the short a midterms and with the direction that technology is pushing industries of all sizes, this is one space to which investors should pay close attention.

Disclosure: The author owns 25,000 shares in IDdriven Inc. and no other companies mentioned within this article and has received no compensation of any kind to write / publish this article, but he is affiliated with MIDAM Ventures LLC, a company that has an existing awareness agreement with IDdriven Inc.

Start afree seven-day trialof Premium Membership to GuruFocus. Silver One Resources Inc. Announces Results of Annual General and Special Meeting VANCOUVER, BC / ACCESSWIRE / September 26, 2016 / Silver One Resources Inc. (SVE.V) (BRK1.F) (SLVRF) (the "Company") is pleased to announce the results at the Company's annual general and special meeting held on September 23, 2016 (the "Meeting").

Shareholders voted in favor of all items put forward by the Board of Directors. Shareholders set the number of directors at five and approved the appointment of Greg Crowe, Luke Norman, W. Barry Girling, Claudia Tornquist and Raul Diaz-Unzueta to the Board of Directors. Ms. Tornquist and Mr. Diaz are newly appointed directors and Robert McMorran did not stand for re-election as a director of the Company. The biographies of Ms. Tornquist and Mr. Diaz are set forth in a news release dated August 22, 2016. The Company wishes to thank Mr. McMorran for his services as a director of the Company.

Ms. Tornquist is an independent consultant in the metals and mining sector and a director of Kennady Diamonds and Dunnedin Ventures. She previously served as Executive Vice President of Business Development at Sandstorm Gold and as General Manager at Rio Tinto where she held a number of roles in business evaluation, M&A, strategy and business development over 9 years. Ms. Tornquist has a Masters Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Technical University of Munich and a Masters of Business Administration from INSEAD.

Mr. Diaz is an exploration geologist with 35 years of experience, much of it with Penoles where he discovered several mines including the Mezcala/Bermejal deposit, part of Goldcorp's Los Filos operation in Mexico, and Capajorco in Peru. He also spearheaded Penoles' internationalization by opening and managing the Peruvian subsidiary until 1999. He has served as V.P. Exploration and Director of First Mining Finance, a successor company of Sundance Minerals Ltd. that he cofounded in 2008. Raul received a Geological Engineering degree from the University of Mexico and master degrees from the University of Arizona and Cleveland State University.

Shareholders also approved the adoption of the Company's rolling 10% stock option plan and adopted a new set of Articles to include, among other things, an "Advance Notice Policy". The purpose of the Advance Notice Policy is to provide a clear process for the shareholders, directors and management to follow when nominating directors of the Company. Such a policy will ensure that shareholders receive adequate notice of director nominations and sufficient information regarding all director nominees and to allow shareholders to register an informed vote after having been afforded reasonable time for appropriate deliberation.

The Advance Notice Policy, among other things, includes a provision that requires advance notice to the Company in certain circumstances where nominations of persons for election to the board of directors are made by shareholders of the Company. This Advance Notice Policy also sets a deadline by which director nominations must be submitted to the Company prior to any annual general or special meeting of the shareholders and also sets out the required information that must be included in the notice to the Company. No person will be eligible for election as a director of the Company unless nominated in accordance with the Advance Notice Policy.

In the case of an annual meeting of shareholders, notice to the Company must be made not less than 30 nor more than 65 days prior to the date of the annual meeting; provided, however, that, in the event that the annual meeting is to be held on a date that is less than 50 days after the date on which the first public announcement of the date of the annual meeting was made, notice may be made not later than the close of business on the 10th day following such public announcement.

In the case of a special meeting of shareholders (which is not also an annual meeting), notice to the Company must be made not later than the close of business on the 15th day following the day on which the first public announcement of the date of the special meeting was made.

For more information, please contact:

Silver One Resources Inc.

Greg Crowe, CEO and President

(604) 974-5274

info@silverone.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Information set forth in this news release contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions as of the date of this news release. These statements reflect management's current estimates, beliefs, intentions and expectations. They are not guarantees of future performance. The Company cautions that all forward looking statements are inherently uncertain and that actual performance may be affected by a number of material factors, many of which are beyond the Company's control. Such factors include, among other things: risks and uncertainties relating to the Company's limited operating history, the need to comply with environmental and governmental regulations and its ability to complete its acquisition and private placement financing. Accordingly, actual and future events, conditions and results may differ materially from the estimates, beliefs, intentions and expectations expressed or implied in the forward looking information. Except as required under applicable securities legislation, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking information.

Read More Tech M&A: Yahoo's Data Breach, Twitter for Sale? NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

08:04 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-01-02
New generation Yahoo Messenger now on mobile To keep up with the times, Yahoo Inc. has redesigned its Yahoo Messenger to suit the needs of those on the mobile platform.

 The messaging space has grown dramatically, yet people ultimately want a fast and easy way to communicate with each other,  said Jeff Bonforte, senior vice president of communication products and engineering at Yahoo.

ADVERTISEMENT

Unlike the old Messenger that was best accessed through a desktop, the new app will focus more on its mobile function. Old features such as one-on-one and group chats, emoticons and photo sharing are still there, but tweaked to adapt to feature-rich smartphones.

The interface, Yahoo product manager Austin Shoemaker said, is cleaner and lighter, making it more appealing to the users  eyes.

 You can see how fast the app is. The new Yahoo Messenger loads very quickly and you can backtrack previous messages easily,  Shoemaker explained.

Yahoo Messenger s photo sharing, which is integrated with Flickr s photo sharing platform, allows user to send hundreds of photos through a simple upload tool.

Shared photos can be easily viewed on a photo drawer by scrolling horizontally without interrupting the ongoing chat.

Animated GIFs, powered by microblogging platform Tumblr, can be also searched and shared on the app.

Users can also  like  a message, photo, or GIF sent by another user by simply tapping on it.

The Yahoo Messenger app also boasts of its unique feature of  unsending  messages from a conversation thread and, for users who don t have continuous access to the Internet, automatically sending messages once the Wi-Fi or data connection is turned back on. Shoemaker said this would also be convenient for users who are on-board a plane.

ADVERTISEMENT

In addition, Web or Yahoo Mail users can use the Account Key feature, which uses push notifications for fast and secure access to their Yahoo Messenger app account without the fuss of logging on again.

 The next generation Yahoo Messenger will incrementally replace the old messenger. Our team integrated a new foundation, an entirely new app for messaging,  Shoemaker said.

Shoemaker said Yahoo promises to bring new features every week and the company will soon be working on video and voice messaging.

 Yahoo Messenger has been there for a long time. Being connected with Yahoo Mail-which has over a million of subscribers-there is always a reason to choose Yahoo,  he said. 
2016-01-29
Yahoo Sports Launches The Vertical SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) today launched The Vertical with Woj, a new basketball-centric digital destination run by Yahoo NBA insider, Adrian Wojnarowski. Part of Yahoo Sports, fans will get a unique look inside the NBA as Adrian and his team of world-class journalists, insiders and experts share a constant stream of breaking news, in-depth storytelling, front office deals, global draft analysis and the sneaker game. The Vertical will be the premier destination for all things NBA across desktop and mobile. State Farm  is one of the first brands to connect directly with basketball fans as a premier sponsor of The Vertical.

 We are excited to launch this project with Woj and a powerhouse group of writers, editors, analysts, producers and contributors,  said Bob Condor, Vice President for Yahoo Sports Media.  Fans will quickly regard it as essential to following their favorite NBA teams and players. 

The Vertical will feature an array of leaders in the industry to tell the full story around the NBA and its culture, including Chris Mannix, Michael Lee, Shams Charania, Bobby Marks, a 20-year NBA front office executive, Jonathan Givony and Mike Schmitz of DraftExpress.com, Nick DePaula of NiceKicks.com, Tim Grover, longtime trainer of Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant, and former player Brian Scalabrine. Joe Garza, who has been a member of the Yahoo Sports team since 2012, will direct the site s day-to-day content and coverage. Johnny Ludden, Yahoo Sports  Editor-in-Chief, will oversee The Vertical s content strategy and mission working closely with Garza and Woj on a shared vision.

 Every day on The Vertical, we will be committed to pulling the curtain back on the NBA and delivering our audience exclusive, compelling content,   The Vertical editor Adrian Wojnarowski said.  We will be a 24-hour, seven-day a week news and storytelling operation. We will be relentless in pursuit of dominating the landscape of basketball media. That will be our charge every day. 

The Vertical features custom integrated advertising opportunities for brands to connect with basketball fans across screens. State Farm has a history of engaging fans around their favorite sports experiences, and sponsoring The Vertical is the latest in these efforts. State Farm will connect with consumers through high-impact display and pre-roll video ads, as well as branded integrations around video content on The Vertical. The State Farm campaign will also capitalize on events such as All-Star Weekend to reach sports fans on The Vertical, and extend its campaign through pre-roll video, native video and display ads across additional Yahoo properties.

 State Farm has used storytelling to tell its brand story through advertising and to shine a spotlight on the amazing people we encounter in the communities in which we live and work,  said Ed Gold, State Farm Advertising Director.  With an all-star editorial team and a unique take on sports storytelling, The Vertical offers a chance for us to continue great brand storytelling through effective advertising that s relevant for this audience. 

In addition to The Vertical, Yahoo Sports recently launched a podcast in December called  The Vertical Podcast with Woj,  in partnership with DGital Media. The audio series began with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver as the first guest, and publishes new episodes each Wednesday, along with regular breaking news reports. On January 27, as an extension to Adrian s podcast, DGital Media and Yahoo Sports launched  The Vertical Podcast with JJ Redick,  a new audio offering featuring current Los Angeles Clippers guard J.J. Redick. The podcast will publish new episodes each Tuesday, with a lineup of guests that will bring fans of all sports closer to the weekly goings-on in the NBA than ever before.

Bios:

Adrian Wojnarowski

Adrian Wojnarowski is the Editor of The Vertical He is the authoritative voice on the NBA, combining an unparalleled ability to deliver breaking news, investigations and insightful commentary. He is the author of the New York Times best-selling book,  The Miracle of St. Anthony." He is a 1991 graduate of St. Bonaventure University and native of Bristol, Connecticut. Follow him on Twitter @WojVerticalNBA.

Chris Mannix

Chris joined Yahoo Sports from Sports Illustrated where he covered the NBA working on features and profiles for players including Chris Bosh, Kawhi Leonard, Emanuel Mudiay, and LaMarcus Aldridge. Chris also covers boxing and won multiple Boxing Writers Association of America awards for feature writing. In addition to The Vertical and Yahoo Sports, Chris is an NBA analyst/sideline reporter for CSN New England and host of The Chris Mannix Show, which beginning February 8th will air M-F from 3-7 ET on NBC Sports Radio. Follow him on Twitter @ChrisMannixYS

Michael Lee

Michael has covered teams and the league for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Washington Post and Yahoo Sports for nearly 14 years. Before coming to Yahoo, Lee spent 11 years at the Washington Post where he served two stints as the newspaper s Wizards beat writer and national NBA writer. Lee has also covered two Olympics, the MLB playoffs, World Series and the NCAA men s basketball tournament. A lively writer whose stories often provide nuance, sophistication and humor, Lee was honored with the National Association of Black Journalists' sports story of the year in 2009 and has been recognized several times by APSE. Follow him on Twitter @MrMichaelLee

Shams Charania

Shams is a 21 year old based in Chicago, IL who joined Yahoo Sports in 2015 as an NBA reporter and columnist. He s an up-and-coming writer who Woj dubbed the  best young basketball reporter on the planet.  Before joining Yahoo, he spent three years at RealGM.com. Follow him on Twitter @ShamsCharania

Bobby Marks

Bobby worked with the New Jersey and Brooklyn Nets for over 20 seasons starting as an intern and working his way up to vice president of basketball operations. There he assisted Nets General Manager Billy King in the areas of salary cap management, scouting, player personnel, preseason and regular season scheduling and the day to day business of basketball operations. Follow him on Twitter @BobbyMarks42

Jonathan Givony and Mike Schmitz

The founders of DraftExpress.com, the industry leader for all info revolving around the NBA Draft. They've been covering the Draft on a year-round, full-time basis since 2003, and are viewed as the most respected and credible outlet in the space by NBA teams and other industry members. The DraftExpress team is present at every major tournament, camp, workout, Combine or other type of gathering featuring present or future NBA prospects, whether in the US or worldwide. Follow them on Twitter @DraftExpress & @Mike_Schmitz

Nick DePaula

Nick is the Creative Director of Nice Kicks, leading efforts over all published content and a massive platform reaching 1.9 Million Instagram followers, over 1 Million Facebook fans and over 600,000 Twitter followers. He is also a brand & athlete marketing consultant for the world's top industry leading brands and a feature writer for SLAM Magazine. Prior to Nick Kicks, he was at the Sole Collector Magazine for 7 years as both Editor-In-Chief and Creative Director. Follow him on Twitter @_NDP

Tim Grover

Tim is the CEO of ATTACK Athletics, Inc., founded in 1989. World-renowned for his legendary work with elite champions and Hall of Famers, including Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Dwyane Wade, Charles Barkley, and hundreds other NFL, MLB, NBA, and Olympic athletes, he is the preeminent authority on the science and art of physical and mental dominance and achieving excellence. He recently expanded the ATTACK operation into China, training Olympic gold-medalist hurdler Liu Xiang and Shanghai Sports Institute. Follow him on Twitter @AttackAthletics

Brian Scalabrine

After an 11-year NBA career that included four trips to the NBA Finals and a championship, Brian Scalabrine has transitioned into a successful career as a broadcaster and often-irreverant analyst. Scal is a popular commentator on Boston Celtics games for Comcast SportsNet New England, and a co-host on a daily Sirius XM NBA radio show. Follow him on Twitter @Scalabrine

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). 
2016-10-07
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) CEO Marissa Mayer's Final Humiliation? Not that the legacy of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) CEO Marissa Mayer was ever going be seen in a positive light, but any lingering chance it wouldn t be remembered as an outright debacle was just wiped away. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ), which agreed in July to acquire Yahoo s web properties for $4.8 billion in cash, is now seeking to reduce its cost for the company by a billion dollars.

The prompt for the request? The fact that Yahoo didn t disclose a massive security breach that occurred in 2014, nor did it disclose it was secretly reading some incoming user emails at the request of U.S. law enforcement agencies, potentially creating a major privacy-rights battle.

For better or worse, Yahoo stock didn t pull back much on the news. That s because the vast majority of the value packed into YHOO shares reflects the underlying value of its Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA ) holdings.

VZ shares didn t budge following the reports, as the difference between $3.8 billion and $4.8 billion isn t significant enough to really sweat, and it s unlikely to quell the acquisition.

Still, the fact that Verizon was given a good reason to ask for a better price midway through the merger process puts the finishing touches on Mayer s disappointing tenure as top dog of a publicly traded company.

Other Land Mines for the YHOO CEO?

The New York Post broke the story on Thursday evening, pointing out that Verizon-property AOL s chief Tim Armstrong had recently paid a visit to Yahoo to make the reduced-price request. Yahoo isn t rolling over though. In an effort to defend the value of Yahoo stock (to the extent it can any longer, anyway), Yahoo is pushing back, insisting Verizon stick to its original offer of $4.8 billion.

Verizon has shareholders and a corporation to protect as well, however. In light of the new revelations about security failures, failing to disclose relevant information and the distrust it may have cultivated by spying on its e-mail users, Verizon is considering setting aside $1 billion to deal with any fallout the recent gaffes may create.

Though the cited reason for renewed price negotiations are the security and privacy issues, Verizon s balk may have as much to do with the fact that more such land mines are lurking. YHOO didn t volunteer either of the aforementioned problems when it was sharing information with bidders so they could make informed decisions. It s plausible there are more headaches that will only come to light only after the deal is officially completed.

Next Page Yahoo's Reported NSA Assist To Complicate Privacy Shield Yahoo's Reported NSA Assist To Complicate Privacy Shield

Law360, New York (October 7, 2016, 4:07 PM EDT) -- Recent reports that Yahoo secretly scanned all of its users' email accounts at the request of U.S. intelligence officials not only ramps up the already simmering tensions between federal investigators and domestic service providers, but also spells trouble for the already fragile trans-Atlantic Privacy Shield data transfer agreement.



Less than two weeks after Yahoo Inc. grabbed headlines by disclosing that a 2014 hack had compromised user data linked to at least 500 million accounts, the company took another hit when Reuters, citing anonymous sources, reported on...

To view the full article, register now. New Colombia Resources Inc. Develops Cannabis Sativa Product With High CBD and ... BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA--(Marketwired - Oct 7, 2016) - New Colombia Resources, Inc. ("the Company") ( OTC PINK : NEWC ), a Colombian natural resource company listed in the U.S., is pleased to announce their medical marijuana joint venture, Sannabis SAS, has identified a native cannabis sativa strain from Colombia with a natural high CBD content and no detectable THC. This pure extract has been working well for children with epilepsy and the Company expects similar successful results in the U.S. To see the lab test for this strain visit https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BxSKP5j2FlseM3NNaHpxRDRmcXM

Medical marijuana products in the U.S. are projected to generate $ 35 Billion in revenue by 2020. New Colombia Resources and Sannabis are positioned to be a part of this exceptional growth and are making plans to legally export non-THC products to the U.S.; both companies have been gearing up to export products around the world. As a first mover in Colombia's medical marijuana industry, Sannabis has been supplying children with epilepsy, cancer patients, fibromyalgia patients, and many others with legally produced medical marijuana products in Colombia since 2014 with exceptional results.

Company President John Campo received a letter from the Presidency of Colombia in reference to their "Medical Marijuana Project" requesting assistance from the Ministry of Health on their behalf. New Colombia Resources congratulates President Juan Manuel Santos for winning the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize, which was announced this morning. The Company is committed to bringing cannabis research to Colombia to create high quality value added products generating industries, jobs, and profits that stay in Colombia. New Colombia Resources has a pipeline of medical marijuana and hemp projects that will be announced soon.

In addition to the great results of their high CBD Cannabis Sativa products low in THC, Sannabis' Cannabis Indica products high in THC have shown remarkable success in cancer patients. The Company is eager to bring those products to the U.S. when legally able to do so.

Potential distributors, researchers, or investors interested in Sannabis products, possible joint ventures, research facilities, or private label are encouraged to contact Company President John Campo at 1-410-236-8200 or 57-318-657-0918.

To view a nationally televised documentary about medical marijuana in Colombia titled "De lo Maldito a lo Bendito" (From the Damned to the Blessed), visit http://www.sannabis.co/video. This documentary interviews medical marijuana patients and their loved ones around the country using Sannabis products, including "Sara" a 5-year-old girl with epilepsy that Sannabis has been successfully treating since its inception in 2014. The producers of the documentary also traveled to Cauca to interview Sannabis and their growers, filming different areas of Sannabis marijuana production.

Sannabis has grown and processed medical marijuana legally on the Nasa Indian Reservation in Colombia since 2014. Their products are sold online, in stores, and through independent distributors in Colombia. They are supported by INVIMA Resolution 243630 of 1999 and Sentence C-882 of 2011 from the Constitutional Court to legally produce non-smoked medical marijuana products on the Indian Reservation and distribute them nationally.

"We're gearing up to begin exporting non-THC products to the U.S.; we will have hundreds of pounds of raw material at our disposal to guarantee production output to our distributors. Our goal is to provide the best medical marijuana products possible taking advantage of our native medicinal strains and ideal climate, we can grow year around outdoors and manufacture the highest quality 100% organic cannabis products providing much needed jobs in the community where we operate," stated John Campo President of New Colombia Resources Inc.

New Colombia Resources' President, John Campo, was featured in an article in a major financial news publication, Dinero Magazine, in August 2014 at the beginning of the medical marijuana legalization movement in Colombia. Since then medical marijuana was legalized by both a Presidential executive order in December 2015 and a Senate Bill in May 2016. To view the article, visit http://www.dinero.com/edicion-impresa/negocios/articulo/medicamentos-legales-derivados-del-cannabis-marihuana/199474

Read More 
2016-04-03
SoftBank eyes control of Marissa Mayer's Yahoo assets SoftBank President Nikesh Arora is a busy guy these days   the head of Japan s global telecom giant is in  active  discussions with Yahoo s board, which includes Chief Executive Marissa Mayer.

 They are figuring out a solution for the whole,  said a source, adding,  Things are quite active. 

On the Money s tipsters say there are quite a few permutations of a deal between SoftBank and the Yahoo board, but say talks are slow-going.

SoftBank is in the catbird seat if it can make a deal with Yahoo, according to sources.

The telecom company already owns a 36.4 percent stake in Yahoo Japan. Yahoo, meanwhile, owns 35.5 percent.

SoftBank also has a 32 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holdings, while Yahoo has a 15.5 percent slice, with Jack Ma retaining 5 percent.

Should SoftBank acquire Yahoo s piece, it would own 47.5 percent of the whole.

However, a source says,  Jack Ma does not want SoftBank as a controlling shareholder  in Alibaba.

Meanwhile, SoftBank joined private equity firm Silver Lake as an investor in Hollywood super-agency WME/IMG last week.

Would SoftBank, owner of Sprint, want Yahoo sold to Verizon?

Could WME help SoftBank figure out content for Sprint?

Questions, questions   
2016-10-02
After Massive Yahoo Data Breach: Have We Learned Anything? News media reports around the world this past week were full of stories surrounding the Yahoo data breach. In case you missed the news, here are some of the specific incident details.

CNN Money:  Yahoo says 500 million accounts stolen 

Yahoo (YHOO, Tech30) confirmed on Thursday data "associated with at least 500 million user accounts" have been stolen in what may be one of the largest cybersecurity breaches ever. The company said it believes a "state-sponsored actor" was behind the data breach, meaning an individual acting on behalf of a government. The breach is said to have occurred in late 2014.

The Wall Street Journal:  Yahoo Hackers Were Criminals Rather Than State-Sponsored, Security Firm Says  InfoArmor says the hackers sold Yahoo database at least three times, including once to a state-sponsored actor.

An information-security firm says the hackers who stole at least 500 million records from Yahoo Inc. two years ago are criminals who are selling access to the database, and not a state-sponsored group as Yahoo contends.

Computerworld:  Hackers have a treasure trove of data with the Yahoo breach 

Prior to Thursday's confirmed breach, Yahoo had already been investigating another leak. In August, an anonymous hacker was found selling a database with login details on 200 million Yahoo accounts.

The company hasn't said if the two incidents are connected. Still, Alex Holden, CIO at security firm Hold Security, wonders how many hackers are in possession of the company's stolen database.

"The Yahoo data breach will have a much bigger impact than almost any other breach that I can speak of," Holden said. "Yahoo was once the number one email provider."

What s Different About Another Big Data Breach?

The more things change, the more things stay the same. That is the sentiment from around the technology and cybersecurity industries following this latest Yahoo breach announcement. Over the past few years, we have seen a series of high-profile data breaches from the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to The White House to breaches at hundreds of other public- and private-sector companies.

And yet, some are calling this Yahoo announcement as the biggest data breach ever. Many are saying that this particular situation is raising new issues that have not come up before.

For example: Reuters.com pointed out that the Yahoo hack may become test case for SEC data breach disclosure rules.

Yahoo's disclosure that hackers stole user data from at least 500 million accounts in 2014 has highlighted shortcomings in U.S. rules on when cyber attacks must be revealed and their enforcement.

Democratic Senator Mark Warner this week asked the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate whether Yahoo and its senior executives properly disclosed the attack, which Yahoo blamed on Sept. 22 on a "state-sponsored actor."

The Yahoo hack could become a test case of the SEC's guidelines, said Jacob Olcott, former Senate Commerce Committee counsel who helped develop them, due to the size of the breach, intense public scrutiny and uncertainty over the timing of Yahoo's discovery.

CNN pointed out that the implications of this incident go far beyond Yahoo, to the questions and answers that end users have regarding all of their online content.

Computerworld highlighted that amount of time it took for us to learn about this hack, which actually occurred back in 2014. According to the article:

Verizon, which is finalizing its $4.8 billion purchase of Yahoo, said late Thursday it was notified of the massive data breach at Yahoo only in the last two days.

Verizon said it would evaluate what it will do next. In an emailed statement, the company acknowledged that it now has only "limited information and understanding of the impact" of the hack.

Finally, The Financial Times (FT.com) described the broad scope of the data breach:

According to the company, a  state-sponsored actor  hacked into its network in late 2014 and stole personal details of 500m user accounts. The details include names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth and  hashed  passwords, which means the passwords are partially obscured using a security technique that scrambles them.

The company also lost some users  encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers   such as mother s maiden name, first car or pet and so on. Unencrypted security questions and answers can be read by anybody in plain text.

Payment data and bank account information were not stolen, Yahoo said.

Digging Deeper: Personal Perspective and Actions

I think this breach raises much wider implications for online life than some previous data breach situations. The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) suggested that our entire password reset approach has become ineffective and needs to be changed. Also, should organizations automatically reset passwords after such a breach? Read this important WSJ analysis:

Questions are swirling around a move by Yahoo Inc., after a massive data breach, to urge users to change their email passwords manually, rather than deploy an automatic reset of all passwords across the board.

But forcing users to reset passwords for their main email accounts isn t so easy, cybersecurity experts told CIO Journal.

The New York Times reported Wednesday that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer  had rejected the most basic security measure of all: an automatic reset of all user passwords, a step security experts consider standard after a breach. 

 The problem is that the password reset mechanism usually involves sending a link to the email address registered with that account,  Mr. [Shape Security Chief Technology Officer Shuman] Ghosemajumder said. But if the password to be reset is for your main email account, there is no way to approve or verify any changes. And few Yahoo users are likely to have registered secondary email accounts to receive those links, he added.

As a result, there is no mechanism to force a password reset without unintentionally locking users out of their accounts.

Worse still: Security questions and answers   often used to allow users to re-access their accounts after being locked out   won t always solve the problem.

In Yahoo s case, for instance, hackers stole users  plain text security questions and answers. As such, Yahoo was  forced to invalidate those questions as a means of authentication,  Mr. Ghosemajumder said.

Marketwatch.com advised everyone who had a Yahoo account to consider three simple steps.

Change your password Set up two-factor authentication. Keep an eye on your account.

Readers of my blog are very familiar with these steps, and here is a reminder on my blog on the details of No. 2.

Final Thoughts

The Hacker News website ended the week with the suggestion that the Yahoo breach may have impacted more than a billion users.

Regardless of the final overall number, this situation provides another wake-up call for enterprises to take action on cybersecurity   in case you ve missed the last dozen large data breach wake-up calls.

Sadly, most small, mid-size and large organizations tend to not learn as much as they should from these massive data breaches. Far too many organizations (remarkably) still believe  it won t happen to us.  The same can be said of individuals who need to change their online security settings or reset passwords or use two-factor authentication.

As C. Northcote Parkinson once said,  Delay is the deadliest form of denial.  
2016-12-27
Verizon Likely to Complete Yahoo Buy Despite Hacks Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) may have disclosed two massive data breaches potentially impacting millions of consumers, but it s not likely to be enough to derail Verizon Communication Inc. s (VZ) $4.85 billion acquisition. The reason: data breaches have become common in corporate America.

That s according to a report in Bloomberg News, which cited experts and investors as saying Yahoo isn t alone in getting hacked, and with the short attention spans of Americans, those breaches even the massive ones are soon forgotten. (See also: Yahoo Discloses New 1 Billion Account Breach.)

 I tend to not feel like these hacks are that big of a deal in the broader scheme of things,  said Michael Mahoney, senior managing director at Falcon Point Capital, to Bloomberg News.  Obviously they can be damaging. But it doesn t take too long before people forget about it. 

No Lasting Impact

While infiltrating companies  computer networks has been a favorite pastime of hackers for years, recently the pace and sophistication of the attacks have increased rapidly. In the last few years Sony (SNE), Target Corp. (TGT), The Home Depot Inc. (HD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM), Anthem Inc. (ANTM), Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) and host of others all suffered high-profile data breaches putting millions of consumers  identities at risk.

The Identity Theft Resource Center, which Bloomberg cited in its report, pegs the number of data breaches in the U.S. at close to 1,000 this year alone, potentially impacting more than 35 million personal records such as Social Security numbers and bank account information. Many of the companies saw an initial hit to their , but only for a short period of time. Experts told Bloomberg that that will likely be the case with Yahoo, even though the size of the breaches are massive.

Fixing Big Problems

What s more, experts said the cost of data breaches companies have to incur doesn t end up bankrupting them with Target shelling out only around $200 million for its breach. In November, Yahoo said the original breach cost it roughly $1 billion in market cap in the third quarter. For Verizon, one of the big sticking points to consummating its deal is the liability cost from lawsuits stemming from the breach. That concern is prompting Verizon to reportedly request a lower price from Yahoo to move forward. (See also: Verizon Wants Concessions on Yahoo.)

Larry Ponemon, founder of the Ponemon Institute told Bloomberg he thinks Yahoo s costs and loss of opportunity from the breach may be $2 to $3 per customer record, resulting in a $1 billion reduction in its sale price. Meanwhile Mahoney of Falcon Point is betting the sale price will be lowered by 5% to 10%. Rennova Health, Inc. to Acquire Assets of Scott Community Hospital WEST PALM BEACH, FL--(Marketwired - December 27, 2016) - Rennova Health, Inc. (RNVA) (RNVAZ), a vertically integrated provider of industry-leading diagnostics and supportive software solutions to healthcare providers, announced today that it has entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and paid a deposit to acquire certain assets related to Scott County Hospital, based in Oneida, Tennessee.

Prior to closing in July 2016, Scott County Hospital was classified as a Critical Access Hospital (rural), had 25 beds, operating rooms and a Laboratory that provided a complement of ancillary diagnostic services, as well as an emergency department capable of operating 24/7. The purchase includes a 52,000 sq. ft. hospital building and 6,300 sq. ft. professional building on approximately 4.3 acres. The hospital was one of a group of seven hospitals that entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy in early 2016.

Rennova entered into an agreement to acquire the assets out of bankruptcy for approximately $1,000,000, which includes $400,000 owed to a local bank that has a lien on the property. The bankruptcy court issued an order on December 23rd thereby making the purchase agreement effective. Closing of the purchase is expected to take place in early January 2017. The hospital has a number of licenses that need to be reinstated and is party to a number of in-network contracts with payers. Subject to obtaining requisite government and other approvals and licenses, Rennova believes the hospital will reopen in part in the 2nd quarter of 2017 and is working towards having the hospital in full operation by the 3rd quarter of 2017.

The hospital had unaudited annual revenues of approximately $12 million for 2015. These revenues were attributable to the typical services of a rural acute care hospital, including emergency room visits, outpatient procedures, diagnostic ancillary tests, physical therapy and inpatient hospital stays. Based on the hospital's historical information, Rennova believes it offers a predictable patient base with predictable revenues as it serves the general healthcare needs of its community and supports local physicians.

"This acquisition is further demonstration of Rennova's efforts to grow our business in a direction that will secure more predictable, recurring revenue for the provision of health care services and our state of the art solutions," said Seamus Lagan, CEO of Rennova. "A Rural Critical Access Hospital creates certain opportunities for Rennova to leverage its existing knowledge and services for the benefit of the hospital and surrounding physicians. We have hired specific expertise to oversee this project and believe we can reinstate the majority of the team from the local community that previously operated the hospital successfully. We look forward to proving and expanding this rural hospital model in the coming years."

About Rennova Health, Inc.

Rennova Health provides industry-leading diagnostics and supportive software solutions to healthcare providers, delivering an efficient, effective patient experience and superior clinical outcomes. Through an ever-expanding group of strategic brands that work in unison to empower customers, we are creating the next generation of healthcare. For more information, please visit www.rennovahealth.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from expectations and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as "expect," "estimate," "project," "budget," "forecast," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "may," "will," "could," "should," "believes," "predicts," "potential," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors are contained in the Company's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as required by law. Why Yahoo Hacks Seem Unlikely to Derail Verizon Deal NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

16:32 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-04-06
Indonesia seeks billions in back taxes from Facebook, Google, Yahoo, Twitter Indonesia will chase back taxes from technology firms Facebook Inc., Alphabet Inc. s Google unit, Twitter Inc. and Yahoo Inc. after allegedly finding proof that these companies have been avoiding corporate taxes for years in the country, a government official said.

Finance Minister Bambang Brodjonegoro on Wednesday said that Google, Facebook, and Twitter have been incorporated in Indonesia since last week and now can be subjected to local taxes, after years running businesses as representative offices that enjoyed lower taxes than traditional corporations.

 These companies have been getting many businesses here, especially from advertising, and we are not sure that they ve been paying the taxes correctly in accordance with the amount of businesses they ve earned from Indonesia,  he said.

Facebook FB, -0.14% and Yahoo YHOO, +0.15% couldn t immediately be reached for comment. Google GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% and Twitter TWTR, -0.83% declined to comment.

Southeast Asia s largest economy aims to obtain  billions of dollars  in alleged back taxes and is ready to scuffle in a legal process that may take years to resolve, the finance minister said. Brodjonegoro said Indonesia is following the steps of fellow G-20 members such as the U.K., France and Italy in pursuing back taxes from U.S. technology companies.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. How Yahoo is trying to save its media business To refocus its media strategy, it's made key hires in these areas, redesigned pages and increased coverage in its areas of focus. In sports, for example, Yahoo has recently hired 13 editorial staffers, including a team of eSports reporters. It also launched "The Vertical with Woj" early this year, a NBA-focused vertical.

Yahoo will also live-stream one MLB game for free each day this season   a total of 180 games   as well as up to four NHL games weekly. It could be a boon for advertisers, who are increasingly looking for ways to reach viewers who are cutting the chord or skipping commercials. Not only does sports still hold a large live audience, it also provides a way to reach one of the hardest-to-reach demographics, millennial males. Yahoo has had more than 30 brands partner with them since it streamed a live NFL game from London last year.

"We're very invested in creating rich experiences for consumers on any device, especially as we see more and more consumers watching that live baseball game on their smartphone," Utzschneider said. "We want to ensure a seamless and rich experience, and give marketers the opportunity to connect with those users wherever they might be."

Yahoo Finance is rapidly expanding its video offerings and staffing up. It will be growing personal finance coverage, especially since Yahoo has seen interest from a new audience   millennials   who like topics like debt management versus traditional investment advice. And, in April, it's using its livestreaming capabilities to the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting, including a lunch break halftime show and a sit-down interview with chairman and CEO Warren Buffett, which will be translated into Chinese. Sponsors have been lined up, but not announced.

"I think it shows the real strength of Yahoo, which is we have the editorial power and connections to be trusted with something like that and the integrity, and also we have the technology that allows us to do something like that, which is quite ambitious," Nelson said. "There (aren't) that many people out there that would be able to pull it off in the tech-media field."

Nelson also teased plans for a new product for its lifestyle content, but said it was in the works.

That's not to mention its social media platform Tumblr, which now boasts 280 million users and an audience of more than 500 million people. Utzschneider called it a great space for native advertising and creative expression, noting that brands like Coca-Cola, Microsoft and Starbucks have purchased ads on the platform. The company remains completely invested in Tumblr, she emphasized.

To go with the premium content, Utzschneider said that Yahoo is also dedicating resources to increasing the integration of its programmatic ad platform, including delivering better data insights via information from mail, search, and its ad tech platforms Bright Roll, Yahoo Gemini and Flurry. It's put a high emphasis on addressing ad viewability issues and advertising fraud. Though these are issues that have affected the digital media industry as a whole, sources say Yahoo's programmatic advertising platform has been especially vulnerable to fraud issues. Yahoo denies those claims.

"In doubling down in ad tech and ensuring a great user and marketer experience, ad fraud is top of mind for us," Utzschneider said. "Every single day we think about how can ensure that we are delivering high-quality inventory. We have tons of mechanisms in place, where we're measuring it, tracking it. We're having ongoing conversations with our advertiser because their bar is really high." Twitter gets rights to stream Thursday night NFL games Twitter Inc. just did its first broadcast deal, and it s a big one. The company will stream 10 Thursday night National Football League games during the 2016 season, a package that cost the service around $10 million, according to a person familiar with the matter.

This is a triumph for Twitter, which is struggling to attract new users and expand its content beyond the posts of journalists, politicians and celebrities. Success with NFL games will also pave the way for more video deals that could include other professional sports, political content, and eventually entertainment, Chief Financial Officer Anthony Noto said in an interview.

 This is one element of a much broader strategy to provide the next generation of real-time content,  said Noto, who was the NFL s Chief Financial Officer until 2010. He joined Twitter in 2014, and last year the social media company signed an agreement to distribute NFL highlights and other clips.

article continues below advertisement

For the NFL, this is a chance to experiment. The league is aware that a growing number of households are comfortable streaming video over the Internet, and this is an opportunity to appeal to so-called cord-cutters, as former cable-TV subscribers are known. The NFL has streamed selected games, but this is its first season-long streaming deal.

Twitter will probably package the games alongside a live feed of curated tweets and stream all of it on its site and mobile app, the person said. Other web sites will also be able to embed Twitter s live stream, which gives the company and the NFL a much wider digital reach than the 66 million Americans who currently use the service. They will also be broadcast on NBC, CBS and the NFL Network, the NFL said in a statement Tuesday.

Twitter bid for the package against a slate of heavyweights including Verizon Communications Inc., Yahoo! Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. The NFL is America s most-watched sport by a wide margin; even Thursday night games, which draw smaller audiences than the contests on Sundays and Mondays, attracted about 17 million viewers last season.

At around $1 million per game, Twitter is paying a small fraction of what would seem to be the market rate. Yahoo paid $17 million to stream a single game from London, which was played at 9:30 a.m. New York time and also broadcast on network TV in the teams  home markets. In the most recent broadcast deal, CBS Corp. and Comcast Corp. s NBC each paid about $45 million a game for five Thursday night contests each during the 2016 and 2017 seasons.

 We did not take the highest bidder on the table,  said Brian Rolapp, the NFL s executive vice president of media, of the Twitter deal.  The platform is built around live events already. We want to see how they use the unique platform, and syndicated tweets all over the Internet is going to be interesting. 

After modest gains in early trading on Tuesday, Twitter shares fell 0.2% to $17.05 at 11:34 a.m. in New York. They had fallen 26% this year through Monday.

Twitter also controls some of the advertising inventory for the games, Chief Operating Officer Adam Bain said in a post on Twitter. The deal  continues our strategy to build world s best daily connected audience that watches together and can talk with one another in real-time,  he wrote.

By using Thursday night games to experiment with different kinds of media, distribution models and technologies, the NFL is preparing for its next round of negotiations. The league s biggest broadcast contracts expire in 2021, and by then it will be ready to sell a broad array of digital rights and make more money.

This effort has included using new outlets to try and reach more viewers, especially on their mobile phones. The league also has a mobile distribution pact with Verizon that gives the carrier rights to stream games to wireless customers  smartphones.

Verizon had been considered one of favorites in the race for the NFL s Thursday night games, but the NFL was interested in more diverse options, according to a person familiar with the discussions.

 This is a bigger strategic effort for Twitter than it would have been for any other of the reported companies,  said James Cakmak, an analyst at Monness Crespi Hardt & Co.  It s not just winning the deal that s the easy part. It will be interesting to see how exactly they plan to leverage it.  
2016-07-28
Yahoo's Tumblr looks to monetize, places ads on blogs The next time you look at your favorite Tumblr blog, you might see an ad. On Thursday, Tumblr began placing ads on its users  blogs, and in the next couple months, nearly every Tumblr blog could have an ad on it. That is, except those whose owners opt out of the company s latest attempt to monetize its blogging network.

 This was a long time coming, and will be one of the biggest projects we ve ever launched at Tumblr,  said David Karp, Tumblr s CEO, in a post to his personal blog.

Why is Tumblr doing this?  So that later this year people can start making money from their blogs,  Tumblr said in a post on its staff blog. Also, so it can make more money itself. Tumblr, which is owned by the ever-struggling Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% , is a free service. In the past, it only asked owners of its with 300 million separate blogs to pay for a handful of special themes.

When Yahoo bought Tumblr for $1 billion in 2013, many thought it would be able to find new ways to make money off Tumblr. But so far, that hasn t happened. In February, Yahoo wrote down Tumblr s value by $230 million. This week, Yahoo announced plans to sell its online products, including Tumblr, to Verizon VZ, -0.61% for $4.83 billion.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Verizon Looks Fairly Valued Post-Yahoo Deal  Shareholder Suit Over Yahoo Exec's Severance Survives Shareholder Suit Over Yahoo Exec's Severance Survives

Law360, Wilmington (July 27, 2016, 8:57 PM EDT) -- Breach of duty claims against the board of directors of Yahoo Inc. survived a motion to dismiss Wednesday in Delaware Chancery Court, as a judge found that the suing shareholders have sufficiently pleaded their claims regarding a large severance package issued to a fired executive.



Vice Chancellor J. Travis Laster denied the motion to dismiss after hearing oral arguments, explaining that there is a possibility that the company s governing documents are ambiguous about the procedures for terminating a board appointed executive. The shareholders argue that the...

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-04-19
Yahoo Stock: What to Expect from Earnings (YHOO) Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) reports first-quarter earnings Tuesday after close, but the market is paying only cursory attention to the company's profits and revenues, which both management and analysts expect to tank. Rather, the focus is on the beleaguered internet portal's attempts to market itself as a takeover target.

Thomson Reuters puts analysts' consensus earnings estimate at $0.07 per share, compared to $0.15 in the prior-year quarter (non-GAAP). Revenues are supposed to fall to $1.08 billion from last year's $1.23 billion. Yahoo's revenue guidance range is $1.05 to $1.09 billion.

Focus on Takeover Bids

The first round of bidding closed Monday, with Bloomberg reporting that Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) is leading the pack, as well as YP Holdings LLC   owned by Cerberus Capital Management (53%) and AT&T (T) (47%)   and the private equity firm TPG Capital also placing bids.

Verizon, for which Yahoo would represent a strategic investment, has hired at least three financial advisers, indicating it is serious about the deal. It may have a leg up compared to TPG, which as a PE firm is more constrained by profit considerations than a strategic buyer would be. Verizon bought AOL last year in an effort to reinvent its business. Its efforts have not been uniformly successful, however, and it is currently embroiled in a labor dispute with 40,000 striking workers from its landline division.

Investors will be looking for further information on the bids these companies have offered Yahoo. The company is hoping to get $10 billion for its core assets, which exclude Yahoo Japan and the company's large stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA). According to Re/code, however, most buyers value Yahoo's core assets at $6 to $8 billion.

The company is also involved in a proxy fight with Starboard Value LP, which owns a 1.7% stake in Yahoo and is seeking to replace its entire board, particularly CEO Marissa Mayer. Mayer took over in 2012, and while the company's stock has more than doubled during her tenure, the company has been unable to keep up with a changing technology landscape.

In GAAP  terms, Yahoo lost $4.4 billion in the final quarter of 2015, slightly more than its lost over the course of the full year (in non-GAAP terms, the company earned $63 million in the quarter and $324 million in the year). Mayer long favored a turnaround, but failure to secure favorable tax treatment for a spin-off of the company's Asian assets led Yahoo to begin seeking a buyer for its core assets earlier this year. The company announced 1,600 job cuts in February. Yahoo reports flat earnings amid acquisition talks Wall Street is watching Yahoo today, but not just because of its first quarterly earnings announcement that was reported after the bell. The company is for sale and reportedly has a slew of bidders, including TechCrunch s parent, Verizon.

Yahoo s Board of Directors has been considering what s called a  reverse spin,  to separate Yahoo s core assets from its stake in Alibaba. The company reiterated that  management has worked diligently with the committee and its independent legal and financial advisors to engage with interested strategic and financial parties.  In other words, they are open to being acquired by both like-minded companies and private equity firms.

While it is not yet clear what the final outcome will be for the troubled Internet company, one of Yahoo s final earnings reports managed to stay slightly above investor expectations.

Analysts were forecasting $1.08 billion in revenue, close to Yahoo s $1.087 billion reported. The Street was expecting adjusted earnings of 7 cents per share, just beneath the 8 cents reported. This is still well below the 15 cents per share reported in the same quarter last year.

 I m pleased that we delivered Q1 results in line with our expectations. Our 2016 plan is off to a solid start as we continue to focus on driving efficiency, lowering costs, and improving long-term growth,  said Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo, in a statement.  In tandem, we made substantial progress towards potential strategic alternatives for Yahoo. Our board, our management team, and I are completely aligned on this top priority for shareholders. 

(Regardless of what happens to Yahoo, Mayer herself may still fetch millions).

Like most Internet companies, Yahoo has seen growth in mobile. The company reported $260 million in mobile revenue, compared to $234 million in the same period last year. Desktop revenue fell from $873 million to $774 million.

Search revenue for the first quarter was $820 million, a 15 percent year-over-year drop. Paid clicks decreased 21 percent and display revenue fell 1 percent.

Yahoo shares were up about 1.5 percent in after-hours trading. The stock is down 18 percent in the past year and has a market cap of $34 billion. Is Verizon reinventing itself by shedding its legacy business? Verizon has sold its legacy phone businesses in 23 states since 2002, leaving only the Northeast.

As recently as 2000, Verizon Communications boasted the nation's largest local phone network with more than 60 million phone lines in 40 states from New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania to Florida and California.

But over the next 16 years, Verizon sold many of those legacy phone lines, including a blockbuster $10.5 billion sale on April 1 of its lines in California, Texas, and Florida.

While Verizon's legacy business shrank, its wireless division boomed, and it became a content provider, buying AOL Inc., the owner of the Huffington Post, for $4.4 billion in 2015.

This month, Verizon advanced further into content, acquiring a $159 million stake in the Hollywood digital studio AwesomenessTV. Verizon also is running after Internet portal Yahoo Inc. to grow a mobile ad business dominated by Google and Facebook.

Now, Verizon workers - 39,000 of whom went out on strike last Wednesday - and Wall Street analysts are wondering just how far Verizon's reinvention will go. Many believe Verizon could completely exit the business that seems to have become a distraction and requires huge investments to modernize.

"There certainly have been rumors floating around that they would get out of the wire-line business altogether," said Edward Jones equity analyst David Heger.

Company spokesman Robert Varettoni said Tuesday that Verizon "never said we'd exit the wire-line business," adding that the company promised last week to invest $300 million over six years in wire-line operations in Boston.

Wire lines are either copper or fiber-optic transmission lines strung telephone pole to telephone pole. The traditional voice-only services have declined dramatically, but consumers still subscribe to pay TV and Internet over modernized lines.

Verizon chief financial officer Fran Shammo told investors last month that its remaining wire-line operations are "one of the best footprints there is to sell broadband and TV in. And that footprint is still under-penetrated as far as FiOS goes, especially around New York and [Washington], because we are still building them out. So we believe we still have good runway there."

But Verizon workers - who walked off the job over job security - worry about Verizon's commitment and the future.

A company official said the last meeting between Verizon and union officials was on Friday for less than an hour. A union official said there had been two meetings with Verizon since the strike began, with no movement.

Verizon workers say they believe the company could compete with Comcast and other cable companies if it invested more heavily in its high-capacity fiber-optic network advertised as FiOS; Verizon has said, generally, it won't.

"We're hanging on," said Margie Butler, 57, of North Philadelphia. She said her Verizon "landline" department in Philadelphia has gone from 40 employees to 16 in recent years.

Sherrie Lane, also 57, a Verizon employee picketing with Butler on Friday at Ninth and Race Streets, said that Verizon would like to eliminate a no-layoffs provision in the contract, and "without that, they will be laying us off. They will take us department by department."

Lane added that it seems as if "every day you turn around and Verizon is buying this and buying that and they can't negotiate a contract."

Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam said in a blog post that wire-line revenues accounted for just under 30 percent of Verizon's revenues in 2015 but only about 7 percent of its operating income, or profits.

The company earned $33.1 billion in operating income last year, according to its regulatory filing. Wireless revenue in 2015 was $91.7 billion, while wire-line revenue amounted to $37.7 billion.

Originally created through the merger of Bell Atlantic in Philadelphia and Nynex in New York, Verizon later added GTE Corp. The telecom company began selling wire-line operations in 2002, shedding Alabama, Missouri, and Kentucky.

In 2005, the company sold lines in Hawaii.

In 2008, Verizon divested Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont.

In 2010, Verizon closed its biggest deal to that point, with the sale of phone operations in Arizona, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, South Carolina, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin.

With the April 1 sale of Texas, Florida and California, Verizon has retained wire-line operations in New York, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Virginia, Washington, and Maryland.

Edward Mooney, a district vice president for the Communications Workers of America, said an issue in the contract talks is that Verizon should hire more unionized call center employees. "We believe they need to make their investment across their footprint," he said.

bfernandez@phillynews.com

215-854-5897 @bobfernandez1 
2016-01-27
Barry Diller Says IAC Won't Buy Yahoo, But It Could Stand Alone IAC/InterActiveCorp Chairman Barry Diller said his company would probably not buy Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo  is just not worth a candle unless, essentially, you got it at such a discounted price,  Diller said in an interview on  Bloomberg Go.  The Web pioneer could also  stand alone  because it has about 1 billion monthly active users.  If you can t make it through that, something is wrong,  he said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Yahoo has been said to explore the possibility of selling its core Internet business in the face of a possible proxy fight by activist investors, after last year abandoning a plan to spin off its valuable Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. stake. The company said in December it was looking into spinning off its main Internet operations instead, as it seeks to overcome slowing revenue growth. Yahoo s main business -- excluding the stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan Corp. -- could be worth zero or less, according to Bloomberg Intelligence.

Verizon Communications Inc. Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam said last month he would consider buying Yahoo s businesses if it was on the market.

Yahoo lost out to Google in the search business and has faced several quarters of declining revenue, as the company failed to hold on to advertising market share in key areas such mobile.

 All of us are serfs on the land of Google,  Diller said.  I told Google, it s sensible to treat your serfs well. If you don t, they rise up, get on horses and kill you.  Do This Once a Day to Keep Your Phone Running Fast You know those moments when your smartphone is running so slowly that you d rather just turn it off? Well, that s exactly the answer.

A great tip dished out by cell phone carrier customer service agents and Apple Genius Bar employees alike is to power your phone down and back up regularly   maybe even once a day   to keep it running well.

Why? Think of it in the same you do a computer. A reboot clears out your PC s cache, refreshes its RAM, and closes all the nagging apps left running in the background. A reboot of your Android phone or iPhone does all the same things.

After all, that phone in your pockets is essentially a tiny computer.



Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2016-02-23
Time Inc. Said to Be Interested in Joining Fray of Yahoo Suitors Time Inc. s small size isn t stopping it from pursuing an acquisition of Yahoo! Inc. s core business.

The $1.5 billion owner of magazines including People, Sports Illustrated, Time and Fortune, has heard a presentation from Citigroup Inc. bankers on pursuing a deal to merge with Yahoo, according to people familiar with the matter. The idea is of real interest to Time Inc. Chief Executive Officer Joe Ripp, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Citigroup hasn t been retained, the people said.

Time Inc. would be competing with giants such as Verizon Communications Inc. and AT&T Inc. for Yahoo, putting itself squarely in an underdog role to merge with the business. Still, Time Inc. may see it as a worthwhile effort, because it could pursue a structure with Yahoo called a Reverse Morris Trust, a tax-free transaction in which one company merges with a spun-off subsidiary, the people said.

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer wouldn t stay with the company under a Reverse Morris Trust, one person said. Ripp, who became CEO of Time Inc. in 2013, served as finance chief and vice chairman of America Online and has ideas for Yahoo, the person said. A deal with Time Inc. would be a way for Yahoo not to sell when the company s valuation is near its low point, the person said. Yahoo shares have dropped 29 percent in the past 12 months.

A cash bid that s high enough for the Yahoo board s liking from a larger company would probably trump a Yahoo-Time Inc. combination, one of the people said.

Representatives of Time Inc., Yahoo and Citigroup declined to comment.

Core Business

Time Inc. is only interested in the Yahoo core business, the people said. Because of the advantageous tax benefits to a Reverse Morris Trust, Time Inc. could compete with larger bidders, the people said. Time Inc. is probably the right size -- slightly smaller than Yahoo s core business -- for such a structure to work, the people said.

Time Warner Inc. spun off Time Inc. in 2014. June is the two-year anniversary of that spinoff. There are probably no tax-related hurdles regarding the timing of a deal because it s unlikely Time Inc. and Yahoo had significant deal talks before the spin, one of the people said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

New York-based Time Inc. is interested in gaining Yahoo s digital reach of more than 1 billion users around the world, said the people. Time Inc. is trying to transform its print-focused business as more readers get their news online and print circulation and advertising revenue decline. The company said this month it s buying Viant Technology Inc., the owner of MySpace, to get more data to help sell targeted advertising. In a recent earnings call, CEO Ripp called the deal  game-changing for us. 

 Marketers are selecting media partners that have either data-driven capabilities or premium content,  Ripp said.  We will be able to deliver both in a single platform and will stand apart from those that offer just one or the other. 

Time Inc. almost merged with Meredith Corp. in 2013. Meredith is again looking for merger partners after its deal to acquire Media General Corp. fell apart earlier this year. Ripp knocked down the Meredith idea as counter to Time Inc. s strategy in a Bloomberg TV interview Monday.

 If you look at Meredith, Meredith has both magazine and TV assets,  Ripp said.  We don t really want the TV assets because we would have to buy more TV assets. 

He said Time Inc. s plan now is to continue to build its media presence.

 The opportunity for Time Inc. is to continue to grow this business. We are the player of scale in this industry.  A Tale of Two Brands: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Mistakes Vs Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Mastery A Tale of Two Brands: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Mistakes Vs Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Mastery

The latest upswing for Alphabet, parent company of Google, comes as fellow tech giant Yahoo is mired in increasing challenges to stay afloat. In this opinion piece, author and branding expert Denise Lee Yohn discusses the stark differences in, and impact of, each company s approach to branding. Yohn is author of the book, What Great Brands Do: The Seven Brand-Building Principles that Separate the Best from the Rest. She is also the former vice president/general manager of brand and strategy for Sony Electronics  brand office and former marketing leader and analyst for Jack in the Box restaurants and Spiegel catalogs.

Less than two weeks after Google s parent company, Alphabet, became the world s most valuable public company, Yahoo put its core business up for sale. The contrast between the two companies couldn t be sharper.

While many theories have been offered to explain Yahoo s downfall in light of Google s ascent, I would like to suggest that the difference in the companies  brand approaches may be the most illuminating. While Google has mastered brand strategy and management, Yahoo has lacked a definitive brand purpose and future-oriented brand vision   and these deficits have led to key brand missteps including introducing an impotent visual identity.

ahoo s Confusion vs. Google s Clarity

[drizzle]Google s brand mission is well-known and well-established: to organize the world s information and make it universally accessible and useful. Founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin crafted the mission in the company s early years and, ever since, the organization has stayed committed to it. The statement is displayed front and center on Google s  About  page and regularly appears in company communication. It has been used by many as a robust descriptor for the company and by employees as the driving force behind practically everything they do.

Yahoo s brand mission isn t so clear   actually it isn t to be found. An official mission statement doesn t exist on its site, and the statements I did uncover elsewhere were varied and often conflicting. The company lacks both a definitive, compelling description of what it does and why it does it.

According to one researcher who tracked Yahoo s boilerplate for press releases, the company s self-description changed 24 times in 24 years.

When Marissa Mayer took the reins at Yahoo, she was hailed as a visionary leader who would rescue the floundering company. But she failed her most important task: explaining   to investors, customers, employees and the world, really   why Yahoo should continue to exist.

To be fair, the company was started with a somewhat problematic mission. Two electrical engineering students at Stanford, David Filo and Jerry Yang, created it as a guide to keep track of their personal interests on the Internet. But over time the world outgrew the need for a single place to find useful websites, and one after another, Yahoo s leaders failed to articulate an alternate enduring reason for the company s being.

Mayer eventually tried. Late last fall, she commissioned a book to be distributed to Yahoo employees. It contains stories, images, quotes and messages about Yahoo s past and its future, along with a new statement of the company s mission,  To be an indispensable guide to digital information, yours and the world s.  But it s not a pithy point and it s probably too late   and given the company s track record, I wouldn t be surprised to see it change again.

 While Google has mastered brand strategy and management, Yahoo has lacked a definitive brand purpose and future-oriented brand vision. 

Of course, mission statements, in and of themselves, are not really all that important. But organizations do need a clear and compelling sense of purpose. Leaders of great brands use brand purpose as a compass and engine for their organizations   driving, aligning and guiding everything they do. Without the long-term commitment to a definitive purpose, Yahoo has been rudderless.

Reacting at Yahoo vs. Anticipating at Google

Yahoo has also been vision-less. While many credit Mayer with leading the company s transition to mobile, the shift was born out of necessity to catch up with the world, not out of opportunity to change it. In fact, Yahoo has been operating in reactive mode for the last decade. Even the new homepage design it recently introduced is merely an incremental evolution of its past designs and its latest attempt to mimic the popular features of other sites.

Yahoo doesn t have a brand vision that would propel it forward, leapfrogging over existing realities and pushing the limits of what is possible. Mayer once described her vision for the company s future saying,  As digital content becomes richer, as search and mail become richer, we need to change what the format of that guide is, as we move to mobile, wearables, TVs, cars, and all the other formats in the future. So, we re focused on search, communications and digital content, all of which we think are incredibly important parts of that role as a guide, and those are the products that we re investing in and building on.  Her statement merely reflects the company s reactive stance to changes that it must address   not new growth opportunities it is creating for itself.

Compare this to the way Larry Page described his vision for the future when he introduced Alphabet as the holding company for Google and other entities:  We ve long believed that over time companies tend to get comfortable doing the same thing, just making incremental changes. But in the technology industry, where revolutionary ideas drive the next big growth areas, you need to be a bit uncomfortable to stay relevant.  Alphabet, he went on to explain, is intended to give more support to businesses  far afield  from Google s main Internet products, including glucose-sensing contact lenses, drone delivery and driverless cars.

 Mission statements, in and of themselves, are not really all that important. But organizations do need a clear and compelling sense of purpose. 

The introduction of Alphabet itself embodies the company s future orientation and brand vision. Separating the Google brand from the organization s more far-reaching efforts allows Google to remain aligned and focused on its brand mission and  un-hinders  from efforts that should have their own missions, such as Jigsaw, the new brand for the organization s innovation lab. Having ditched the former name, Google Ideas, Jigsaw can freely pursue its mission    to use technology to tackle the toughest geopolitical challenges, from countering violent extremism to thwarting online censorship to mitigating the threats associated with digital attacks    without diluting or derailing the Google brand.

This kind of brand separation would have been useful for Yahoo to have established before the dire situation it now finds itself in. A separate brand might have protected Yahoo from the doubts involved with its decision to spin off its stake in ecommerce giant Alibaba, as well as the embarrassment when it reversed itself and shelved the plan. And now, the move to put the core business up for sale calls into question the future of the Yahoo brand as a whole and therefore the viability and vitality of any of the Betaworks CEO: Time-Yahoo Deal Would Be a Disaster NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

51:55 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-08-30
Yahoo eSports Strikes Deal With ESL To Broadcast More eSport Events Across ... In 2015, the League of Legends Worlds championship tournament accumulated about 36 million unique viewers. A number that far exceeds the 14.7 million that watched the 2015 World Series and also beat out this past NBA Finals Game 7 which was announced as the most watched NBA game on ABC. Perhaps with these statistics in mind, Yahoo! Inc. decided to sign Yahoo eSports into a two-year agreement with ESL Gaming Network.

This agreement will allow Yahoo to stream and broadcast eSports through their own mediums and could potentially bring in new sponsorship opportunities for advertisers. Another opportunity for Yahoo eSports, which launched in March, is the streaming of tournaments for games like League of Legends, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Dota 2, Street Fighter V and Heroes of the Storm.  Our Yahoo Esports team is extremely excited to be partnering with ESL to bring greater coverage of its leading esports events, as well as innovate in new competitive formats and content offerings that we are sure will excite both fans and advertisers alike. Yahoo s unique storytelling, highly talented editorial staff and global scale are a great combination with ESL s experience and leadership in the space,  said Zachary John, Vice President of Yahoo Video and Esports.

Get The Latest Sports Tech News In Your Inbox!

 ESL in a unique position to be able to offer access to some of the world s best esports competitions, and having a partner like Yahoo Esports means we will not only reach a broader audience with a supreme quality broadcast, but also deliver exclusive editorial content for esports fans worldwide. Yahoo Esports is a fantastic partner to team up with for the broadcast and coverage of our key events, and we are looking forward to working with them on new and exciting content for our viewers,  said Senior Vice President of Sales at ESL, Nik Adams.

This deal follows a recent deal Twitter created with ELeague to gain the right to stream its events. With the number of followers esports have been gaining in the past few years, this deal with Yahoo eSports surely won t be the last of these sorts. xMatters, Inc. Closes $42 Million in Long-Term Growth Financing With Golub Capital SAN RAMON, CA--(Marketwired - Aug 30, 2016) - xMatters (www.xmatters.com), an intelligent communications platform that connects business system insights to relevant people and business processes, announced today it has closed $42 million in long-term financing with Golub Capital Late Stage Lending group. xMatters provides digital-focused enterprises -- large and small -- with the ability to communicate intelligently when interruptions occur across technology infrastructures, business operations, and business processes. This results in fewer interruptions, faster restorations, less frustration, and better service for xMatters' customers.

"In the last several years we have delivered 17 consecutive quarters of recurring revenue growth as our customers transition toward the agile, lean methodologies necessary to support their digital aspirations," said Troy McAlpin, CEO of xMatters. "We have recently opened several new global data centers, and are very well-positioned to continue expanding our operations, accelerating our growth, and investing further in developing new tools and applications to benefit our customers. Golub Capital and JMI Equity have provided us with a long-term strategy to drive our current and future expansion plans."

In this recent quarter alone, xMatters added 40 new global customers to its cloud service and observed a 35 percent year-over-year revenue increase, as well as a dollar-value customer retention level of over 96 percent. Recently named one of the Best Workplaces by Fortune, xMatters has optimized its customer service process to respond in a median time of less than two minutes, with 91 percent of all customer support tickets closed in one business day or less. It also achieved 99.98 percent uptime globally, with rates as high as 100 percent in several regions.

"xMatters is a rapidly-growing market leader in providing enterprises with critical incident communication and resolution tools," said Peter Fair, Managing Director at Golub Capital. "The company's solutions demonstrate a proven ROI in a world where downtime and disruptions have immediate, negative impacts on a company's bottom-line. We couldn't be more pleased to be partnering with JMI Equity and xMatters management to help drive the company's continued momentum."

"We have seen xMatters continue to invest wisely and grow over the last few years, improving major incident management and DevOps processes for enterprises globally," said Peter Arrowsmith, General Partner at JMI Equity. "We are pleased to partner with Golub Capital in supporting xMatters' continued strong trajectory in the years ahead."

About xMatters

xMatters is an intelligent communications platform that connects insights from any system to the people that matter in order to accelerate essential business processes. The platform automates, operationalizes and contextualizes communications within key DevOps processes, fundamentally altering the way business units work together. xMatters also supports enterprises with major incident and change management, alerting the right people on the right channels to time-sensitive events and problems like network outages, supply-chain disruptions, natural disasters and medical emergencies. Founded in 2000 and named the #1 Best Mid-Sized Workplace in Technology, xMatters is headquartered in San Ramon, CA, with global offices. For more information, please visit www.xmatters.com.

About Golub Capital Late Stage Lending

Golub Capital Late Stage offers venture debt opportunities to venture-backed, late stage SaaS companies. Golub Capital's flexible credit solutions offer entrepreneurs and executives the opportunity to finance their future without diluting their ownership. The firm structures offerings to foster long-term partnerships, encouraging portfolio companies to take control of their growth, make strategic acquisitions, and expand their product offerings.

Golub Capital is a nationally recognized credit asset manager with over $18 billion of capital under management. For over 20 years, the firm has provided credit to help medium-sized U.S. businesses grow. The firm's award-winning middle market lending business helps provide financing for middle market companies and their private equity sponsors. Golub Capital's credit expertise also forms the foundation of its Late State Lending and Broadly Syndicated Loan businesses. Golub Capital has worked hard to build a reputation as a fast, reliable provider of compelling finance solutions, and we believe this has inspired repeat clients and investors. Today, the firm has over 300 employees with lending offices in Chicago, New York and San Francisco. For more information, please visit www.golubcapital.com.

About JMI Equity

JMI Equity is a growth equity firm focused on investing in leading software companies. Founded in 1992, JMI has invested in over 120 businesses in its target markets, successfully completed over 85 exits, and raised more than $3.0 billion of committed capital. JMI partners with exceptional management teams to help build their companies into industry leaders. For more information, visit www.jmi.com. ROK Mobile International Inc. and Human Health Organization  Announce Joint ... LOS ANGELES, Aug. 30, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The alliance between ROK and H2O will expand the reach of ROK's unique mobile services to a global audience via next generation smartphones, focused on using patented NASA technology to improve the well-being of cellular users.

ROKiT 1 More

ROK Founding Partner, philanthropist and consumer products mogul, John Paul DeJoria (Patron Tequila, Paul Mitchell), and filmmaker James Cameron (Titanic, Avatar), an early investor in H20, are both excited by the launch of the ROKiT Series.

The ROKiT 1 will be the world's first low radiation smartphone with plans to utilize a NASA developed electromagnetic radiation shielding material originally developed for space applications. The intent is to minimize potentially dangerous radiation exposure that recent studies indicate may cause harmful lasting effects.

The joint venture will leverage the service which ROK Mobile offers their subscribers including $100,000 in accidental death coverage, $20,000 in burial insurance, roadside assistance and telemedicine for staying on ROK Mobile plans that come with talk, text, 4G LTE data as well as ROK Music, a proprietary music streaming mobile app with over 20 million tracks. ROK will make the ROKiT 1 available nationwide across its 15,000 retail-location network.

H2O has licensed NASA patented technologies to be included in the launch of the ROKiT Series, a revolutionary new smartphone eco-system that will redefine the mobile experience. ROK and H2O have determined that together they could best utilize NASA's technologies to pave the way to truly impact the greatest number of cellular consumers.

"We are entering the convergence of devices, services, and big data. Now we can finally protect and connect," said Jonathan Kendrick, ROK Co-Founder. Kendrick continued, "Networked together, these technologies can effortlessly manage our health, communication, transportation, entertainment, and recreation, everyone should have access to this resource."

H2O launched the first shuttle based smartphone in 2015. Billed as the "phone you can smoke," it was specifically designed to enable telemedicine and curtail the ever growing harmful effects of tobacco. "The moment I met with the ROK founders, they got it," said John D. Cameron Founder of H2O. Cameron continued, "Jonathan Kendrick understood instantly, and now only a year later our products will read 'NASA Engineering, Manufactured here on Earth.' It is an honor and a privilege to be working with the Agency that took us to the Moon, and to help show that they are also taking care of us here on Earth."

To learn more about ROK Mobile, the partnership with Human Health Organization, and upcoming events, visit www.rokmobile.com.

About ROK Mobile

Founded by entrepreneurs John Paul DeJoria (Patron Tequila, Paul Mitchell) and noted serial entrepreneur Jonathan Kendrick, ROK Mobile is a prepaid, mobile provider who includes a premium ad free streaming music service. For a monthly cost of $49.99, consumers have unfettered access to unlimited talk, text, music, and 4G LTE data without any activation fees or hidden costs. The ROK Music app is included with every ROK Mobile account so your music feels free. ROK Music is a premium ad free streaming music app that allows listeners to download and listen to songs or albums offline, stream radio, create playlists, or search over 20 million tracks. In addition all ROK Mobile subscribers (patent pending) are now eligible for, $100,000 in accidental death coverage, $20,000 in burial insurance, roadside assistance a telemedicine account and a pharmacy savings program with even more innovative options being added soon.

Read More 
2016-08-04
Yahoo Shares Are On Sale Last week, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) announced that it would be acquiring Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core assets for about $4.8 billion dollars. After the core assets are sold, Yahoo will be left with a few major holdings: a stake in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), and a few pieces of IP. I believe the value represented by these holdings is not accurately represented in Yahoo's share price.

Breaking down the deal

In layman's terms, the two-step deal will work something like this. The first step, will involve the transfer of all assets related to Yahoo's core business to a single subsidiary. This subsidiary is what Verizon is buying. The second step, the closing of the deal, is slated for the first quarter of 2017. Shares of the subsidiary, which will carry the name Yahoo, will be sold to Verizon. After the sale is complete, Yahoo will be required to change its name. Yahoo shareholders will be left with shares in the renamed company. Yahoo executive currently refer to this company as Remain Co.

Stake in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan

Yahoo considered spinning off its Alibaba stake in order to raise cash last year, but the plan was slashed in order to avoid a potential tax burden. So, Yahoo is left with 384 million Alibaba shares after the Verizon purchase of its core assets. Those shares are worth just a hair over $32.5 billion as of midday on August 4th. Yahoo also owns a considerable stake in Yahoo Japan. Yahoo's 35.5% stake, about 2.02 billion shares, in Yahoo Japan is valued at  873 billion (yen). On August 4th, the exchange rate makes the stake worth about $8.6 billion. Yahoo's holdings in these two companies alone is worth right around $41 billion, Yahoo's market cap is currently hovering around $36.5 billion.

Patents

According to the New York Times, "A license of Yahoo's oldest patents is being held back in the so-called Excalibur portfolio." The Excalibur portfolio holds about 2,600 patents, of which some have already been sold. According to PatentVue, "The vast majority of Yahoo's patents are related to software, with 68% of its US patents grouped in a software-related classification." PatentVue valued the portfolio as it stands at about $1 billion to $1.5 billion. However, if the company was able to figure out a way to begin generating long term revenue from those patents, they could be worth more.

Yahoo also has a patent leg up on competitors Google, Microsoft, and AOL. Yahoo's patents have the longest remaining average patent terms of the group, about 10.4 years per patent. This means Yahoo will be able to make use of the patents for just over the next ten years. If Yahoo figures out how to monetize the portfolio and generate steady income for Remain Co, the earnings could be distributed in the form of dividends.

(PatentVue)

Risks

Betting on the future of Remain Co after the Yahoo-Verizon deal will expose investors to some risk. Mainly currency risk associated with the value of the yen, and Alibaba's ability to continue growing. The Bank of Japan is currently pursuing a very aggressive stimulus package. After Brexit, the Yen experienced significant gains against most major currencies despite the BOJ's best efforts to lower its value. Goldman Sachs believes this trend will continue. However, if the BOJ does manage to tame the value of the yen, there is a possibility that Remain Co's stake in Yahoo Japan will lose value. I believe Alibaba is a great company, it is focusing on growing its revenue through expanding its global footprint. For example, the company is currently making a huge push into the Indian business to consumer sales market.

The bottom line

Shares in Remain Co, what will be left of Yahoo after its core business is sold to Verizon, are undervalued. Remain Co will include roughly $10 billion in cash, a stake in Alibaba worth $32.5 billion, a stake in Yahoo Japan worth $8.6 billion, and a patent portfolio worth around $1 billion. My conservative estimate places the value of Remain Co around $50 billion. Yahoo is currently trading at a market cap around $36.5 billion. I think buying Yahoo stock is a no brainer.

Disclosure: I am/we are long BABA.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Yahoo Communications Chief Leaves Ahead of Verizon Takeover Anne Espiritu, Yahoo! Inc. s vice president of global public relations and communications, is leaving after four years at the company that s now selling its core assets to Verizon Communications Inc.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Espiritu was the first person hired from Google after Marissa Mayer left the search giant to take the job as Yahoo s chief executive officer in 2012. Espiritu and Mayer had been discussing for some time when Espiritu might leave Yahoo, according to a post on Tumblr. After Yahoo, she will join Oscar Insurance Corp., a health-care startup, as vice president of communications and corporate responsibility, according to a message on Twitter by the company.

 We are incredibly grateful for her hard work, dedication and unwavering support over the past four years,  Yahoo said in a statement.  We wish her luck in her next adventure. 

Sheila Tran is being promoted to become Yahoo s head of global public relations.

Espiritu s departure follows Verizon s announcement July 25 that it will acquire Yahoo s internet assets for $4.8 billion, bringing the web portal together with longtime rival AOL. The telecommunications company will add Yahoo web services that still draw 1 billion monthly users, including mail, news and sports content and financial tools.

Espiritu was a key figure in helping shape and manage the communications at Yahoo during Mayer s tenure as CEO, which included heightened criticism on Wall Street and in the press as sales growth sputtered over time amid market share losses. After Yahoo, who's next? Now that Yahoo Inc. is being sold, what other struggling tech companies might soon find themselves on the auction block?

Several other technology firms would seem to be candidates because their businesses are faltering and their stock prices have tumbled in recent years.

That's how Yahoo ended up agreeing last week to sell its internet assets to Verizon Communications Inc. for $4.83 billion.

Tech mergers also are in full swing at the moment. So far this year, there have been more than 5,000 deals announced worldwide valued at $355 billion, by far the most merger activity of any industry, according to the research firm Dealogic.

One reason: Many tech companies have struggled with execution, unforeseen competition, management turnover and other woes. That's prompted disaffected investors to keep pushing share prices lower, leaving the companies with market values that are well below their highs and luring buyers.

"These companies often come to market with more hope than financial wherewithal," said Rob Enderle, president of the technology strategy firm Enderle Group Inc. "Then there's an adjustment when expectations and reality don't match up."

That's especially true for firms that initially "were internet darlings" such as Yahoo, "but that's been a problematic sector ever since we had the dot-com collapse" in 2000, Enderle said.

So what companies might end up following Yahoo into the sales aisle? Here are five possibilities - after all, anything is for sale at the right price. But none of these is involved in any announced transaction.

Only one of the companies, Yelp Inc., responded to requests for comment on whether it might be a merger candidate; Yelp said it does not comment on speculation or rumor.

 -

GoPro Inc.

Headquarters: San Mateo, Calif.

Employees: 1,539

2015 net income: $36 million

2015 revenue: $1.62 billion

The once-highflying maker of action cameras is now trying to pull out of a slump with the help of new products planned for later this year.

GoPro is on track in 2016 to post its first annual loss and its first annual drop in sales, according to analysts polled by FactSet Research Systems Inc.

The company's stock closed Tuesday at $12.55 a share after reaching $90 a share in September 2014, giving GoPro a market value of $1.8 billion.

GoPro last week said it lost nearly $92 million in the second quarter compared with a year-earlier profit of $35 million, and revenue dropped 47 percent to $220.8 million.

But GoPro said it expects to be profitable again in the fourth quarter, when it launches a new version of its Hero line of cameras and a drone called Karma.

 -

Groupon Inc.

Headquarters: Chicago

Employees: 9,872

2015 net loss: $102 million

2015 revenue: $3.1 billion

The provider of daily discount deals posted second-quarter results last week that topped Wall Street forecasts, but Groupon is losing money amid a restructuring.

The company lost nearly $55 million in the quarter and is forecast to report a loss for all of 2016 after three consecutive years of profitability, according to FactSet.

Groupon is under pressure from competitors such as Amazon.com Inc. and Facebook Inc. Groupon reduced its global operations to focus more on the U.S. and Canadian markets.

The effort appeared to pay off in the latest quarter, with Groupon adding more than 1 million customers in North America. The company also revised its projected revenue for the year, to between $3 billion and $3.1 billion from the previous projection of $2.75 billion to $3.05 billion.

But analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets said in a note to clients that "we continue to question the sustainability of these results and still believe the company faces substantial challenges."

Groupon's stock traded above $26 a share in late 2011 but has seldom been above $10 since then. It closed Tuesday at $5.10 a share, giving the company a market value of $2.8 billion.

In a conference call with analysts last week, Groupon Chief Executive Rich Williams said he isn't trying to make the company an acquisition target.

"We're positioning ourselves to build a great business," Williams said. "Trying to build a business for acquisition is a massive distraction, and I think sells our shareholders short and sells the opportunity in local short. It's not what we're doing here at all."

In April, Groupon got a $250 million infusion from an investment firm led by Michael Angelakis, a former Comcast Corp. chief financial officer.

The Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd. owns a 5.7 percent stake in Groupon.

 -

Zynga Inc.

Headquarters: San Francisco

Employees: 1,669

2015 net loss: $122 million

2015 revenue: $765 million

The video game developer is best known for titles such as "FarmVille" and "Words With Friends," but the company is struggling to achieve the same success on mobile devices that it initially had on desktop computers.

Zynga's stock, which traded above $14 a share four years ago, closed Tuesday at $2.85 a share, giving the company a market value of $2.5 billion.

In this year's first quarter, Zynga managed to post a narrower loss, $26.6 million, than a year earlier thanks to reduced expenses and higher advertising revenue.

But Zynga said its average daily active users dropped 21 percent from a year ago, to 19 million.

Frank Gibeau, who earlier this year became Zynga's third chief executive in three years, said he was confident Zynga's fortunes could get better "with improved planning, more focused execution and cost control."

 -

Yelp Inc.

Headquarters: San Francisco

Employees: 3,826

2015 net loss: $33 million

2015 revenue: $550 million

A year ago, media reports had Yelp exploring a sale and then taking itself off the market, although the online consumer-review company never confirmed either step.

In any case, Yelp is trying to find ways to increase revenue from advertising and return to profitability. It has lost money for five consecutive quarters.

Yelp's stock, which traded at nearly $100 a share in early 2014, closed Tuesday at $31.46 a share, giving Yelp a market valuation of $2.4 billion.

The company's Yelp.com website provides consumers with search and review features for restaurants, retailers and other businesses. But Yelp faces growing competition from the likes of Alphabet Inc.'s Google My Business in the market for advertising dollars.

Yelp remains a formidable player in its niche. The company said that on a monthly average basis, about 77 million unique visitors visited Yelp on desktop computers and 69 million on mobile devices in the first quarter.

Even so, analysts at Citigroup and Wells Fargo Securities cut their ratings on the stock last month, citing concerns about Yelp's ability to sustain its advertising revenue growth.

 -

Angie's List Inc.

Headquarters: Indianapolis

Employees: 1,730

2015 net income: $10 million

2015 revenue: $344 million

The online provider of reviews that help connect customers with home-services contractors recently began offering consumers free access to its services reviews in hopes of boosting its performance.

Angie's List also still sells paid memberships that include added features such as discounts and extra customer support.

In reporting second-quarter results last week, Angie's List Chief Executive Scott Durchslag said in a statement that the move to free access spawned "an extraordinary reacceleration in new member registrations and user engagement on our site."

Citing lower operating costs, the company also swung to a second-quarter profit of $4.8 million from a year-earlier loss of $8.3 million.

But Angie's List, which derives 80 percent of its revenue from contractors' advertising, will need to show that its turnaround is lasting.

Although its stock is up, closing Tuesday at $8.04 a share, from $6.45 last month, it remains well below its high of nearly $30 a share reached in mid-2013. That gives Angie's List a market value of about $479 million.

Explore further: Yelp's 2Q results, outlook disappoint as stock plunges Verizon-Yahoo Deal Negates Privacy Plan Fear, FCC Boss Says Verizon-Yahoo Deal Negates Privacy Plan Fear, FCC Boss Says

Law360, Washington (August 4, 2016, 7:23 PM EDT) -- Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler said Thursday that the $4.83 billion sale of Yahoo Inc. s core business to Verizon Wireless Inc. undercuts concerns that the FCC s plan to add privacy rules for broadband service providers will have a chilling effect on the industry.



Wheeler said in a press conference after Thursday s FCC meeting that the sale highlights the need for agency action. The deal, inked in July, has drawn concern from some lawmakers over its potential effect on privacy and the use of consumer data....

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-12-20
Yahoo Hack Adjusts Spotlight On Cyber Insurance, An Industry Expected To Hit ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)'s recent hack, now considered the biggest cybersecurity breach in history, has brought public corporations' need for cybersecurity insurance to the fore.

Cyber Insurance's Potential

While cyber insurance is a relatively new product, the industry is expected to explode in the next few years. The current $3 billion market is expected to hit $7.5 billion in premiums by 2020, according to a forecast by PricewaterhouseCoopers. The expected growth will come from increased demand and will likely be driven by rising premiums, as the need has been more evident than ever after the recent hack.

 The products continue to be on the rise; companies continue to understand the risk and they are seeing the need for it,  said Brian Dunphy, senior managing director of management & professional risk group with Crystal & Company.

 The insurance market is evolving and is trying to respond to the need,  Dunphy said in an interview with Benzinga.

2016 Makes History

2016 was the biggest year ever for cyber attacks. Public corporations having their data stolen is a major headline risk, one that can seriously jeopardize a company s reputation. Yahoo knows this all too well. American International Group Inc (NYSE: AIG) has indicated that this is one of the top five areas of concern for risk managers across all organizations.

Cybersecurity Insurance Clients: The Whole Gamut

According to Dunphy, there are three types of potential clients for cybersecurity insurance,  Companies that have been hacked and know it, companies that have been hacked and don t know it and companies that haven't been hacked yet. 

Personal data is very expensive and valuable on the black market, and it is what hackers use to float their operations. Not only can information on locations, passwords and private data be stolen, this could also have a major effect on an organization s bottom line.

While the market for cyber insurance is relatively new, insurers are doing a better job in parsing data, meaning that select buyers will receive more favorable terms. Industries that will come under more scrutiny? Those with a great deal of personal information, including healthcare, retail and higher education.

 If you hold data that is personal in nature, cyber insurance becomes more and more important,  concluded Dunphy.

Posted-In: Brain Dunphy Crystal & Company cyber insuranceNews Movers Tech Trading Ideas Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. AppSwarm, Inc. Issues Warning of Fraudulent Emails and Promotion of SWRM Stock TULSA, OK / ACCESSWIRE / December 20, 2016 / AppSwarm, Inc. (OTC PINK: SWRM), announced today the Company had received multiple contacts from companies that had email addresses utilized for stock promotion. We have attached one such email with the company name and email address removed.

AppSwarm's last press release was on October 28, 2016 and the subject matter was "APPSWARM, INC. RETIRES MAJORITY OF COMMON SHARES." AppSwarm has taken the past three months to restructure the company to include its debt and internal operations to launch revenues in the 1st quarter of 2017. Further, a merger was completed which brings revenue and assets into the company. We will be issuing real information to the market starting in January through a reputable investor relations firm.

Below is an email received this morning from a firm whose email address was potentially hacked, and the content of the fraudulent email received. All claims in the stock promotion email are false.

- Begin email -

Hello Team Appswarm, I am from (redacted). We are having a trouble that, our emails are used to send spam emails to different people by stock marketing companies. We need to identify the loop hole and solve it. It looks like your stocks are promoted using our (redacted) email account which we have not really sent. We would like to know how this is been happening. You might be hired a stock promotion company they are the one doing these activities. Can you please let us know if any inputs you have for us? Below are the contents send for your stocks to the email: (redacted)

Fraudulent Email:

Hello, (redacted)! Appswarm needs your attention. This is the only stock you need to buy today. Keep on reading to find out why. Appswarm (SWRM) is a mobile games developer that has built some of the most popular games on the planet. The games have been downloaded more than 100 million times and the company is planning to launch 5 new titles in January 2017 (next month). SWRM is extremely undervalued and there are serious rumors circulating that the maker of Candy Crush (King, a multibillion dollar company) is about to buy it out for $1.17 per share before Christmas. At this moment SWRM is trading at just pennies but a buy out from King will automatically send it to over $1 in a matter of minutes. This is your chance to buy a stock just days before a major acquisition and stand to gain more than 1,500% just days before Christmas.

- End email -

App Swarm is not responsible for sending out any emails of this nature, nor are we involved with such fraudulent email practices and we strongly disavow this type of activity.

As we investigate this matter we strongly suggest that you contact your email or hosting provider to be sure your email account has not been compromised. Although this could be a case of email spoofing, making the sender only appear to be using your email account, it could be more serious than that and only your email/hosting provider will be able to determine this for you.

Any information you are able to collect and share with us from speaking with your email provider may help us determine who is responsible for this activity and we would appreciate your help in identifying the source of this activity.

About AppSwarm

We accelerate the development of mobile games and fast-track them to market. We partner with game developers through joint ventures, royalty agreements, marketing partnerships, and outright purchase through our publicly-traded company on the OTC markets, ticker SWRM.

For more information, visit us at www.app-swarm.com, or follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/AppSwarm or Twitter https://twitter.com/appswarm

DISCLOSURES: "Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the impact of competitive products, product demand, market acceptance risks, fluctuations in operating results, political risk and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with OTCMarkets.com and as required to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks could cause SWRM's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the Company.

Read More 
2016-06-18
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Sells Santa Clara Land for $250 Million to LeEco Published By: Ken Bock on June 18, 2016 08:25 am EST

Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) seems to be offloading its real estate ahead of the sale of its core internet business. According to a report on Sillicon Valley Business Journal, Yahoo has reportedly decided to sell its 50-acre development Real Estate property in Santa Clara to Chinese tech company LeEco for $250 million. Yahoo reportedly bought the space for $106 million back in 2006.

Yahoo s sale comes at a time when the company is going through an intense auction process of its core search business. Recently, the company held its second bidding round for the ongoing auction. AT&T Inc.(NYSE:T), Verizon Communications Inc.(NYSE:VZ) , P-E firm TPG, along with a consortium of investors led by Quicken Loans founder/Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert, are currently in the race to purchase Yahoo.

At present, Yahoo is being priced in the range of $4 billion-$5 billion. During the previous week, both AT&T and Gillbert each made a bid of $5 billion for Yahoo s core search business, patents and real estate, according to Bloomberg. Meanwhile, Verizon bid in the range of $3 billion-$3.5 billion, as per an earlier report on Re/Code.

LeEco intends on using the newly acquired site to step up its Research & Development operations in the United States. LeEco has been given the approval develop its building on a 3 million square feet of space. The space has the capacity to accommodate around more than 12,000 employees.

The move comes as part of LeEco s plans to expand in the United States. LeEco is primarily known as an online video streaming service in China, probably the country s equivalent of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). However, the company has also been venturing into other businesses such as consumer electronic and electric vehicles. More recently, the company started funding an electric car startup known as Faraday Future. Faraday Future has recently disclosed its plans to construct a massive electric car factor at Mare island in Vallejo. 
2016-08-27
Setback for Yahoo India, as instant messaging system patent denied According to a patent document filed by Yahoo, most IM services offer presence (or status) information features, which indicate whether a user is currently online and available to exchange information or is offline and unavailable. (Reuters)

Internet technology major Yahoo Inc has received a setback in India with the country s patent office refusing a patent for its  invention  regarding a method for displaying online presence of users of an instant messaging (IM) system.

The Chennai patent office, before which the patent application came up, rejected Yahoo s plea, primarily referring to Section K (3) of the Indian Patent Act which provides that a mathematical or business method, or a computer programme per se, or algorithm, was not patentable unless embedded in hardware.

A Raja, assistant controller of patents and designs, Chennai, while refusing the patent, said the claims in the patent application seek to protect a method of scheduling and displaying an online presence status of a user of an instant messaging application, in which only the algorithmic steps are involved, defined and incorporated. He said the subject matter falls within the scope of such Clause K of Section 3 of the Patents Act, 1970.

The assistant controller further said the presence of hardware presence management server   containing processor and memory   does not make the claim patent-eligible under Section 3(K) of the Patents Act.

 Hence, it has been arrived at a conclusion that the subject matter of the alleged invention directly invokes the attention of Section 3(K) of the Patents Act 1970 and thereby not allowable. These claims do not constitute of patentable subject matter and purely relate to algorithmic steps, software and presentation of information,  he said.

Generally, instant messaging (IM) system allows users to exchange information , such as text messages, files, voice and videos in real time. The information exchanges occur between two or more people, who log into a particular IM service or IM services that interface with one another.

According to a patent document filed by Yahoo, most IM services offer presence (or status) information features, which indicate whether a user is currently online and available to exchange information or is offline and unavailable. These IM systems allow a user to manually set an online presence (or status) or away message so peers are notified when the user is available, busy or away from the computer, after user logs into IM system.

The IM systems, generally, set a user to be offline (or unavailable) when the user logs off system. Some IM system also allows an user to appear offline while the user actually logs in to the system. However, manually setting an online presence or away message is undesirable, since it requires extra effort of a user to remember to take such an action.

Yahoo s IM system, for which a patent was sought, provide methods which allow users to schedule routine online presence information to let outside world to see the users appearing to be online or offline at a particular day and time. 
2016-02-25
Why Would Time Inc. Want Yahoo's Core Assets? Why Would Time Inc. Want Yahoo s Core Assets?

Getting into the search and email businesses of a stumbling first-generation Internet company won't move Time Inc. forward.

In the year and a half since it went public, Time Inc. has made a string of really smart tuck-in acquisitons that accomplished a bunch of strategic purposes without breaking the bank. It's been an impressive run.

Just a couple of days before the company went public in June of 2014, it acquired Seattle-based Cozi, a maker of a family-oriented calendar, organizer, and planning app.

Last year, it made three acquisitions in the amateur-sports space of businesses that provide online tools for scoring and for league and team management. The three were combined into a company called Sports Illustrated Play. Also in 2015, Time Inc. acquired inVNT, an experiential company that specializes in live media, brand environments and creative services.

And then late last year, it acquired the women s lifestyle and beauty websites xoJane.com and xoVain.com just a week after buying HelloGiggles, a site for young women.

Earlier this month, the company kept its streak going, buying the data-focused marketing firm Viant, which somewhat coincidentally owned the aging but pioneering social network MySpace. Viant's real value, though, is its registered user base one of the largest in the world and its expertise in programmatic advertising services.

All of these add-on services make obvious synergistic sense. The add skillsets and reach, all focused on the shift of media to digital, and from pure content to content-plus-utility.

The market has not yet rewarded Time Inc. for these acquisitions. Time Inc.'s stock is has trended almost exclusively downward for just about a year, and at $13 and change, is way down from its height of $25.62 in July 2014.

But CEO Joe Ripp is playing the long game, and the bolt-on deals are the right strategy. Which makes the news stories this week about Time Inc. looking at buying the core assets of Yahoo so odd.

What does Ripp see in Yahoo? Sure, Yahoo has a lot of users, and Ripp wants to combine premium content with data. But then what? Yahoo's core assets are its mail, search and news sites. Two of those three are not media. Why would Time Inc., loaded with debt from its spinoff from Time Warner, strategically impeded by that debt, embark on an adventure in search and mail? Why would it want to buy damaged goods in Yahoo, a first-generation Internet company with zero cache that's spent at least 15 years drifting from strategy to strategy. If the angle is to buy reach, it's likely there are dozens of ways to do that without taking on a search and email business.

The whole thing also conjures up memories of the ill-fated merger of AOL and Time Warner 16 years ago, with the exception that then, AOL was still a powerhouse (fading, because dial-up Internet and the proprietary-service model were already stale, but still a powerhouse). Now, Yahoo is a failed collection of spare parts a Frankenstein monster.

Yahoo is more than twice the size of Time Inc., but whatever strategy Ripp has to convert Time Inc. to a hip digital company that also has world-class premium content can't possibly be helped by buying Yahoo. It's a case of 1-plus-1 adding up to 1.5.

Meet the Author 
2016-10-03
Laid Back Attitude Costs Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Dearly The first thought that came to my mind after seeing news of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) getting hacked was Oh Gosh Not again..I am screwed  The next step was to answer what I do next?

I quickly log into my email and after some brooding, seek surgical efficiency in exporting my data to another Gmail which is more secured, and delete my Yahoo email account. With that, I shut down the first ever email account I had in my lifetime. However, I began to ponder as to why Yahoo is an easy target?

How and why Yahoo is a victim all the time?

Few days later, I found an article from New York Times which highlighted how Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s leadership failed in taking proactive steps, and how requests for plugging critical  technical snags  by Yahoo s Security Department were turned down for lack of funds. The management primary focus was to re-invent itself through new products and services. This approach was totally different to its peer Google Inc which took steps to make its security stronger.

Back in 2010, when Chinese attackers hacked Yahoo.com, many of Google s users were also put at risk. The incident affronted Google s co-founder, Sergey Brin. He took it personally and spent billions on hiring security engineers, creating security infrastructure and an ecosystem which ensured that any such threat in the future was  never again  successful.

Thus, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s strategy to attract users went wrong drastically, as hackers chose to plug the security vulnerabilities.

Why it took two years for Yahoo to wake up?

Many remain surprised by the time Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) took to report the theft of 500 million accounts. Lawmakers in the United States are demanding an explanation for the  unacceptable  delay in reporting the theft that occurred in 2014. Yahoo has also fallen short of Securities and Exchange Commission 2011 guidance to disclose hacks. CEO Marissa Mayer continues to be under pressure to minimize the impact of exposure of the breach, since the company is currently involved in selling its core business to the US network giant, Verizon Inc.

Yahoo s lie gets caught

News agencies indicate that there was no truth in the attack being a state sponsored one as suggested by Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). According to WSJ, the hackers were criminals and it was not a state sponsored security theft. According to security firm InfoArmor, the hackers could have sold Yahoo database nearly 3X.

As Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) struggles to answer questions raised about its handling of security vulnerabilities, these steps are recommended:

1) Change passwords every month

2) Use two-factor authentication

3) Regularly check your login history

4) Don t save passwords in your browser Utz Quality Foods, LLC Completes Acquisition of Golden Enterprises, Inc. BIRMINGHAM, Ala.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Utz  Quality Foods, LLC, the U.S. s largest privately held snack food company, today announced the completion of the acquisition of Golden Enterprises, Inc. by Utz Quality Foods, LLC.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161003005984/en/

 This merger will allow the Golden Flake brand to continue to grow in our core southeastern markets, while expanding the product selections for our consumers. Utz is a very community oriented company, and we look forward to the future that Utz and Golden Flake will create together,  said Mark McCutcheon, Chief Executive Officer, Golden Enterprises, Inc.

Utz Quality Foods, LLC is a privately held snack food company, founded in 1921 by William and Salie Utz. They began making potato chips out of their home in Hanover, Pennsylvania in much the same way Frank Mosher, Mose Lischkoff and Helen Freidman began Golden Flake in 1923. The Bashinsky family began their snack food legacy when they purchased the business in 1946. During their tenure the Company grew from a small local operation to the multi-state corporation it is today.

 We are excited about the opportunity to partner with Golden Flake,  said Dylan Lissette, Chief Executive Officer, Utz Quality Foods.  The two companies are very similar both in mission and values, and each has a team of dedicated associates. Golden Flake s product line, market coverage, and manufacturing facilities blend well with Utz s desire to expand and grow our markets in the south. 

Both management teams recognize the value of the  plus one strength  gained from the synergies of each company. The Golden Flake product portfolio and production capabilities will complement the Utz portfolio, which includes: Utz, Zapps Potato Chips,  Dirty  Potato Chips, Bachman, Jax, Wachusett, Snikiddy and Good Health brands.  We are happy to move forward now that we have closed, with Utz and Golden Flake working together to promote more sales, and more brands, into the important southern markets we now serve. 

Golden Flake will operate as a wholly owned subsidiary under the leadership of its current management team and continue to be an important part of Birmingham as  The South s Original Potato Chip! .

North Point Advisors, LLC acted as financial advisor to Golden Enterprises. Sirote & Permutt, PC acted as counsel to the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Golden Enterprises. Sandler O Neill acted as financial advisor to Utz. Cozen O Connor acted as legal counsel to Utz.

About Utz  Quality Foods, LLC

Utz  Quality Foods, LLC, a privately-owned and family managed company founded in 1921 and based in Hanover, PA, manufactures and markets snack foods throughout the United States and internationally. The company produces a full line of snack products including potato chips, pretzels, cheese snacks, tortillas, veggie snacks, popcorn and more. Utz  has six manufacturing facilities in Pennsylvania (Hanover (4), Wilkes-Barre (1) and Lititz (1)) with additional facilities in Colorado, Louisiana and Massachusetts. Utz  Quality Foods, LLC products are distributed nationally through grocery, mass-merchant, club stores, convenience stores, drug stores and other channels under the Utz , Zapp s , Dirty  Potato Chips, Good Health , Bachman , Bachman Jax , Wachusett , Snikiddy  and other brands. For information about Utz  or its products, please visit www.utzsnacks.com or call 1-800-FOR-SNAX.

About Golden Flake Snack Foods, Inc.

Golden Flake Snack Foods, Inc., founded in 1923 and headquartered in Birmingham, AL, is  The South s Original Potato Chip!   . Golden Flake Snack Foods, produces, markets, and distributes snack products in the United States. The company has two manufacturing facilities, one in Birmingham, AL and the other in Ocala, FL. The company offers salted snack items, such as potato chips, tortilla chips, corn chips, fried pork skins, baked and fried cheese curls, onion rings, and puff corn snacks. It also sells canned and jar dips, pretzels, peanut butter crackers, cheese crackers, dried meat products, and nuts packaged by other manufacturers using the Golden Flake label. The company distributes its products to various grocery store chains, discount stores, convenience stores, restaurants, and other outlets. It sells its products through its own sales organization and independent distributors to commercial establishments that sell food products in Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Kentucky, and South Carolina, as well as parts of Florida, North Carolina, Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Virginia, Indiana, and Texas. The company was formerly known as Golden Flake, Inc. and changed its name to Golden Enterprises, Inc. in January 1977. For more information about Golden Flake or its products, visit us www.goldenflake.com

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161003005984/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161003005984/en/ 
2016-05-14
Buffett Bids on Yahoo (YHOO) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. chairman Warren Buffett is Yahoo! Inc. s (YHOO) latest bidder.

According to a Reuters report yesterday, Buffett is part of a consortium that will bid for the Sunnyvale-based company s Internet assets. The consortium also includes Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert. (See also: Is it Wise to Copy Warren Buffett's Investment Strategy?)

In a CNBC interview earlier this month, Buffett had said that  something has to change  at Yahoo! The Reuters report also quotes Berkshire s board director Susan Decker, who was part of the senior management until 2009, saying that changes at Yahoo will be better served  if it is private or part of a much larger corporation. 

The consortium joins ten other bidders during the second round of auctions for the beleaguered company s Internet assets. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) had emerged as the front runner after the first round last month.

If the consortium succeeds in its bid, then Yahoo will be the second technology holding for Berkshire. Buffett is famously averse to the growth technology sector claiming earlier that he did not understand its business model well enough to invest in it. That stance has changed slightly in recent times. In 2011, Berkshire Hathaway initiated a large position in IBM Corp. (IBM), a move that Buffett has defended over the years even as the Armonk-based company has reported sixteen quarters of declining revenues as it pivots towards new technology trends, such as cloud computing and analytics. (See also: Why IBM Will Go On Forever.)

Yahoo represents a different challenge.

The company boasts an assortment of highly-trafficked properties on the Internet. However, it has been hit by the shift towards mobile and a revolving door of C-suite management. It put itself on the block earlier this year after numerous failed attempts to revitalize the decline in its core business. Recently, it also made changes to its board at the behest of activist investor firm Starboard Value LP. 
2016-11-30
Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) App, Yahoo Answers Now, Available on iOS Published By: Eunice Gettys on November 30, 2016 09:04 am EST

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has silently tossed a mobile app for Yahoo Answers to rival Quora. For now, the app is only available for iOS users, so Android users will have to stick to the Answers  website to continue enjoying the content.

Yahoo Answers has been on the Internet for a very long time now. It is one of the biggest Q&A sites, which attracts over 3.1 million US visitors each month. Since then, Yahoo Answers has been the butt of jokes for many. But if you relish browsing amusing submitted questions and lean towards answering to some yourself, you ll be in love with the company s latest app. Yahoo Answers Now app was formerly tested with a different name, Yahoo Hive. Identical to its web version, users can add, answer, and track question posted by the vast online community.

Yahoo Answers Now is a likely shot to contest the fresher, polished rival Quora, and the recently revitalized Q&A app, Jelly, by Twitter s founder Biz Stone. Given that the already available web version has a big user base, the app is intended to rival these startups while creating and increasing fan base on the smartphone arena.

In the past few months, the Sunnyvale-based company has launched a handful of standalone applications, such as Radar, a search engine for travelers, the Newsroom, and a devoted e-sports app for the Android platform. However, Yahoo Answers Now s availability is exclusive for iOS devices. It is expected that the company will roll out Android version soon.

The company has yet to publicize the launch of the native mobile app version of Yahoo Answers because the app still has invite-only status. According to its description, users interested in the app will have to request an invite code first after sending a message to an email address at yan-invites@yahoo-inc.com. Yahoo CFO On The Evolution Of The Finance Function Yahoo has been a pervasive force in how we connect with the world and digest news. Formed in 1994 at the height of the dot-com boom, Yahoo was the original guide for the Internet and its transformation has been something to watch. As technology advances and consumer needs shift, Yahoo worked diligently to stay ahead of the curve. I recently spoke with CFO Ken Goldman on his role in an industry that has been rapidly evolving for the last two decades. Ken s insights show how the functions of the CFO have developed over the years   and how that the evolution will continue   quicker than you think.

This interview has been edited and condensed.

Jeff Thomson: You became CFO of Yahoo in 2012. As a financial professional, what drew you to this role? How did you approach your position from a leadership standpoint knowing you d have to make some quick and tough decisions?

Ken Goldman: Before becoming CFO in 2012, I was the original CFO of At Home Network in 1996, which was presumably one of the most influential intranet companies in the net scape of that time. We helped create the broadband industry, which didn t previously exist because it was primarily a dial-up industry. This work had always fascinated me, but I left the company when the ownership structure changed in 2000. I always said if another opportunity like this came my way, I would be very excited to be a part of it again. So when Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo called me, we talked about potentially joining the team. I gravitated toward the role and immediately expressed interest. One thing led to another and I wound up joining the company because I knew I could provide value for the Yahoo brand.

Thomson: You have a long history of working in the tech industry and have a reputation for  thinking operationally, effectively cutting costs and improving oversight.  How did you apply this knowledge and experience to your work at Yahoo? How can CFOs shift their thinking and work more operationally, instead of solely being focused on day-to-day tasks?

Goldman: Marissa had knowledge of the technology and internet industry and had a vision for the company s future. Together, Marissa and I went on to help reshape the Yahoo culture to be more consistent with the industry. In tandem, we had to balance those goals with costs that support financial and organizational strategies. We looked closely at various aspects and did a number of things to improve our culture so we could focus the strategy on improving the core of the company. Some areas of improvement we focused on were:

  Communications - we have an all-hands meeting every Friday afternoon

  Accountability for goal setting each quarter as well as employee reviews

  Working environments to reflect a refreshing and open look and to our buildings and spaces

From our initiatives, we were able to change culture and attractiveness of our company to aid in our overarching goals. Without this change, we wouldn t have acquired a number of small and large businesses   which helped acquire talent we were in dire need of to accelerate into new areas of mobility.

Thomson: If a CFO is looking to effectively cut costs, where would you recommend they begin? How should they counsel the C-Suite when suggesting strategic changes?

Goldman: For a number of years we benchmarked best practices. By tapping into both internal and external knowledge, we were able to better map accounting and transactional functions and measure their competiveness and effectiveness across operations. Benchmarking every operation allowed us to compare and analyze so we could align our structure over time. In addition, we have our Global Approval Matrix (GAM) which assists us in reviewing costs. Personally, I like to approve costs at a small level so I m up-to-date with what s happening internally. Finally, I believe assessing and reducing costs to save money allows for innovation elsewhere   for example with investments. Re-investing these funds in areas of engineering and new products allows for the company to grow and stay ahead.

Thomson: The management accounting profession is consistently evolving. With 2017 nearing, what trends do you think CFOs should be prepared to tackle in the New Year? How are you planning to evolve as a financial leader?

Goldman: An existing trend over the years has been that people went to a good school and would take their education to pursue a career in investment banking or consulting. Now, you see more people come out of banking and go directly to work in the technology field. The CFO function has specifically increased in relevance, visibility and recognition and is a preferred career path. With 2017 nearing, the interesting thing to note is things will keep changing. The ability to bring information to the forefront is really important. If you compare this to a few years back, you ll notice the wealth of information is higher and regulatory requirements have increased dramatically. Additionally, being a good sounding board to the CEO and C-suite help run the business successfully. The CFO role has certainly changed over time and now has greater significance in helping companies grow than it has previously. 'Invisible Inc.,' 'VVVVVV' are among December's PlayStation Plus freebies Subscribe on YouTube

Sony announced December s lineup of free PlayStation Plus games, revealing that subscribers will be able to download copies of Invisible Inc., VVVVVV, and other standout games throughout the month, free of charge.

The announced lineup also features several multiplatform Cross-Buy titles, allowing PlayStation 4 owners to experience the majority of December s offerings alongside PlayStation 3 and PS Vita players.

More: November s free PlayStation Plus offerings take gaming to extremes

First up for PlayStation 4 owners, is Invisible Inc., an espionage-themed strategy game from Klei Entertainment, creators of Don t Starve. Initially released for PC platforms, Invisible Inc. made its console debut earlier in 2016 with an array of platform-specific control optimizations and interface tweaks.

PS4 players with an active PlayStation Plus subscription will also get free access to Stories: The Path of Destinies, an overhead-view action-RPG developed by Spearhead Games. Featuring combo-driven melee combat mechanics, Stories equips adventurers with several new powers and upgrades throughout its single-player quest, and one of 24 different endings await at its conclusion, depending on decisions and dialogue choices made during the course of gameplay.

Wired Productions  military-themed twin-stick shooter Tiny Troopers: Joint Ops is also up for grabs next month across the PS , PS3, and PS Vita platforms as a cross-buy title. PS Plus members can additionally look forward to free PS4 and PS Vita ports of Color Guardians, a side-scrolling platformer with lane-switching mechanics.

PlayStation Plus has two final platform-exclusive titles in store for subscribers in December, including the PlayStation Vita version of Terry Cavanagh s gravity-flipping retro platformer VVVVVV. PS3 owners, meanwhile, can look forward to Hyper Void, a forward-scrolling shoot- em-up in the vein of the arcade classic Tempest.

All of December s featured PlayStation Plus games will be free to download for subscribers on Tuesday. Players waiting to grab the current lineup have until next week to pick up November s games for free before they return to full price. ViaDerma, Inc. Clinical Studies Abroad in Europe, the Middle East and Asia ... LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - November 30, 2016) - ViaDerma, Inc. (OTC PINK: VDRM), a specialty pharmaceutical company devoted to bringing new products to market, recently announced today several patients have had significant treatment success with the use of its innovative transdermal system for the delivery of its FDA registered drug, Viabecline. Significant results have been achieved in just 10 days of treatment using ViaDerma's proprietary transdermal delivery system. The solution combined with FDA registered drugs can increase the absorption as much as 100 times directly to the localized treatment areas. The "Patent Pending Transdermal System" can deliver medications and nutrients into the body through the skin. For example, a deep wound with the hip bone exposed, had significant healing results, at the Dar Al Zahraa Hospital in Tripoli, Lebanon, after just 10 days. ViaDerma is seeing amazing penetration and absorption with localized wound treatment. "We are also in the clinical testing stages of an anti-aging topical solution, topical pain medication, a topical for male-pattern baldness, and a topical designed to boost male libido," said CEO Dr. Christopher Otiko.

Viabecline, a topical liquid tetracycline-based antibiotic that uses a patent-pending innovative transdermal delivery system that can convert oral medication active ingredients into topical drugs. The drug is FDA-registered as a first aid antibiotic to help prevent skin infection in minor cuts, scrapes, and burns, but importantly, has also shown to be effective in fighting more harmful forms of staphylococcus aureus infections, which are commonly known as 'staph infections.' Without the introduction of novel antibiotic treatments, infections can spread and sometimes become life threatening.

Market for the following Drugs:

Topical antibiotics - $6 billion/year

Toenail antifungal drugs - $3 billion/year

Diabetic amputations - $3 billion/year

Global acne - $2.8 million in 2009, estimates of $3.02 billion by 2016

Psoriasis - $2.4 billion in 2010, estimates of over $7.3 billion by 2015

Eczema - $2.5 billion in 2014

ViaDerma has had Clinical success in a very short time frame. We see the use of many drugs along with our "Proprietary Transdermal Delivery System" for the treatment and continuing studies looks very promising and demonstrates efficacy in terms of treating several unrelated diseases. "We are enthusiastic about the results we have achieved to date in terms of the anecdotal feedback we have received from the medical community. We are also in early-stage discussion with two companies to private label Viabecline for distribution in the Middle East, Asia and North Africa, and Europe," said Dr. Christopher Otiko, ViaDerma's founder and CEO.

About ViaDerma, Inc.

ViaDerma, Inc. (OTC PINK: VDRM) is a publicly traded specialty pharmaceutical company committed to bringing new products to market and licensing its innovative technology to current leaders in the pharmaceutical industry in a wide variety of therapeutic areas. ViaDerma's lead product, Viabecline, uses an innovative transdermal delivery method that allows for application of active ingredients in a topical form. This patent-pending dual carrier transdermal technology may be applied in products within the medical and cosmetic markets. Also, Patent application using the combination of CBDs and THC with the delivery system was filed in 2014. The use of CBDs is known for the reduction of inflammation and for the treatment of several diseases, such as, nicotine addiction, fibromyalgia, Cohn's disease, schizophrenia, migraine headaches, pain management for cancer and Multiple Sclerosis. For more information, please visit: www.viadermalicensing.com

Forward Looking Statements

Forward-Looking Statements certain statements in this release that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified using words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "future," "may," "will," "would," "should," "plan," "projected," "intend," and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company's future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to the Company's ability to: (i) obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its expansion plans; (ii) build the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company's control; and (iv) other risk factors. We assume no obligation to update the information contained in this news release. REGI US, Inc.: Special Shareholder's Meeting Date Rescheduled to January 6th, 2017 SPOKANE, WASHINGTON--(Marketwired - Nov 29, 2016) - The Board of Directors of REGI U.S., Inc. (the "Company") (RGUS) announce a RESCHEDULED DATE for the Special Shareholder Meeting to be held on FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 2017 at 10:00a.m. (Pacific Time), at the Corporate office of REGI U.S., Inc., Suite 10 - 7520 N. Market St., Spokane, WA, 99217, USA for the following purposes:

to approve an amendment to the Company's Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 shares of common stock, with no par value, to 150,000,000 shares of common stock, with no par value;



to elect directors to serve our company for the ensuing year and until their successors are elected; and



to transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.





Friday, November 4, 2016 has been set as the record date for the determination of Shareholders eligible to vote on these matters.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

REGI U.S., Inc.

Paul W Chute, President and CEO

ABOUT REGI U.S., INC.

REGI U.S., Inc.is developing for commercialization an improved axial vane type rotary engine known as the RadMax  rotary technology used in the revolutionary design of lightweight and high efficiency engines, compressors and pumps. The RadMax  engine has only two unique moving parts, the vanes (up to 12) and the rotor, compared to the 40 moving parts in a simple four-cylinder piston engine. This innovative design makes it possible to produce up to 24 continuous power impulses per one rotation that is vibration-free and extremely quiet. The RadMax  engine also has several capabilities allowing it to operate on fuels including gasoline, natural gas, propane and diesel. For more information, please visit http://www.radmaxtech.com

READER ADVISORY

Statements in this press release regarding the business of REGI U.S, Inc. which are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove accurate, and actual results and developments are likely to differ, in some case materially, from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Readers of this press release are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on a number of assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, including, but not limited to: the impact of competitive products and pricing, the Companies' dependence on third parties and licensing/service supply agreements, and the ability of competitors to license the same technologies as the Companies or develop or license other functionally equivalent technologies; financing requirements; changes in laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Companies and changes in how they are interpreted and enforced, delays resulting from or inability to obtain required regulatory approvals and ability to access sufficient capital from internal and external sources, the impact of general economic conditions in the United States, industry conditions, increased competition, the lack of availability of qualified personnel or management,, stock market volatility and market valuations of companies with respect to announced transactions. The Companies' actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements, including those described in Regi U.S., Inc. financial statements, management discussion and analysis and material change reports, and REGI's Form 10-KSB annual report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what benefits, including the amount of proceeds, that the Companies will derive therefrom.

Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. All subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Furthermore, the forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made as at the date of this news release and the Companies do not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of the included forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. Plarium Launches Soldiers Inc: Mobile Warfare on iOS and Android TEL AVIV, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Plarium, a developer of mobile, social, and web-based games with more than 250 million users worldwide, today announced the launch of their latest AAA massively multiplayer online (MMO) strategy game, Soldiers Inc: Mobile Warfare, for Android and iOS devices.

The futuristic military title is set in the fictional failed state of Selva de Fuego, where players fight for control of a mysterious and extremely powerful chemical compound called Serum. Players will build their bases and hire armies combining mercenary soldiers, autonomous drones, powerful armored vehicles, and cutting edge aviation technology to fend off opponents who seek the resource for themselves.

Soldiers Inc: Mobile Warfare is a direct sequel to the award-winning Soldiers Inc. released in June 2013 on global social and web based platforms. The game was the first of its kind on social platforms, making Facebook s  Top Ten Games of the Year .

 We have worked diligently to transfer the hardcore MMO aspects that made the original Soldiers Inc. so successful into a sleek and modern mobile format,  says Avi Shalel, CEO of Plarium.  By using motion capture and 3D scanning to bring characters to life in a way that s rarely done on the platform, along with innovative multiplayer features, and simplified UI, Plarium continues to push the limits of the strategy genre on mobile. 

A first for the genre, Soldiers Inc: Mobile Warfare introduces a new system of strategic map sites to PvP clan warfare, bringing an even deeper level of strategy, customization and tactics to the experience. Players will be able to develop the strengths they want to focus on, combine different strategies across their whole clan, and pinpoint enemy weaknesses to hit them where it hurts. Other key features of the game include:

Explore a Futuristic Military Setting with Traditional MMO Strategy Gameplay

Build your Base: Focus on the production of resources and build storage facilities to keep your assets safe.

Highly detailed 3D heroes: Choose an operative to lead your army and level them up by equipping high-level gear that provides huge bonuses to your armed forces.

Hire new recruits from four categories: Light Infantry, Mechanized Infantry, Armor, and Aviation.

Battle and construct buildings to obtain the game s key resources: rations, munitions, fuel, and diamonds.

Join an alliance or create your own, cooperating with players from around the world to compete online in real-time massive multiplayer clan warfare.

Join the Fight in Player-vs.-Player Combat across the Globe

Take part in tournaments that pit commanders and alliances from around the world against each other to compete for massive rewards.

Seize control of resource sites across the map and defend them from enemy incursions.

Fight against thousands of rival alliances in massive battles at black sites and alliance headquarters.

Grow your alliance s influence and improve members  armies with special resources.

Complete challenging special ops missions and raid neighboring bases to establish dominance and claim resources.

Soldiers Inc: Mobile Warfare is now available for users around the globe in English, French, Spanish, Italian, German, Japanese, Korean, and Russian. It can be accessed on the App Store and on Google Play.

About Plarium:

Founded in 2009, Plarium Global Ltd. is dedicated to creating the best mobile and social experience for hardcore gamers worldwide. With over 250 million registered users, we're proud to be consistently ranked among Facebook s top hardcore game developers. Plarium employs more than 1000 individuals and is headquartered in Israel with eight offices and development studios across Europe and the United States. Our hardcore mobile and social games are available on all major social networks, including Facebook, Vkontakte, Odnoklassniki and Mail.ru, as well as web browsers, iOS and Android.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161130005021/en/ 
2016-12-18
Yahoo security problems a story of too little, too late A photo illustration shows a man in front of a Yahoo logo seen through a magnifying glass in front of a displayed cyber code on December 16, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/File Photo

SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON/WASHINGTON In the summer of 2013, Yahoo Inc launched a project to better secure the passwords of its customers, abandoning the use of a discredited technology for encrypting data known as MD5.

It was too late. In August of that year, hackers got hold of more than a billion Yahoo accounts, stealing the poorly encrypted passwords and other information in the biggest data breach on record. Yahoo only recently uncovered the hack and disclosed it last week.

The timing of the attack might seem like bad luck, but the weakness of MD5 had been known by hackers and security experts for more than a decade. MD5 can be cracked more easily than other so-called "hashing" algorithms, which are mathematical functions that convert data into seemingly random character strings.

In 2008, five years before Yahoo took action, Carnegie Mellon University's Software Engineering Institute issued a public warning to security professionals through a U.S. government-funded vulnerability alert system: MD5 "should be considered cryptographically broken and unsuitable for further use."

Yahoo's failure to move away from MD5 in a timely fashion was an example of problems in Yahoo's security operations as it grappled with business challenges, according to five former employees and some outside security experts. Stronger hashing technology would have made it more difficult for the hackers to get into customer accounts after breaching Yahoo's network, making the attack far less damaging, they said.

"MD5 was considered dead long before 2013," said David Kennedy, chief executive of cyber firm TrustedSec LLC. "Most companies were using more secure hashing algorithms by then." He did not name specific firms.

Yahoo, which has confirmed it was still using MD5 at the time of the attack, disputed the notion that the company had skimped on security.

"Over the course of our more than 20-year history, Yahoo has focused on and invested in security programs and talent to protect our users," Yahoo said in a statement to Reuters. "We have invested more than $250 million in security initiatives across the company since 2012."

COMPETING PRIORITIES

The former Yahoo security staffers, however, told Reuters the security team was at times turned down when it requested new tools and features such as strengthened cryptography protections, on the grounds that the requests would cost too much money, were too complicated, or were simply too low a priority.

Partly, that reflected the internet pioneer's long-running financial struggles: Yahoo's revenues and profits have fallen steadily since their 2008 peak while Alphabet Inc's Google, Facebook Inc and others have come to dominate the consumer internet business.

"When business is good, it's easy to do things like security," said Jeremiah Grossman, who worked on Yahoo's security team from 1999 to 2001. "When business is bad, you expect to see security get cut."

To be sure, no system is completely hack-proof. Hackers have managed to break into passwords that were encrypted using more advanced technologies than MD5. Other Internet companies, such as LinkedIn and AOL, have also suffered security breaches, though none nearly as large as Yahoo's.

"This could happen to any large corporation," said Tom Kellermann, a former World Bank security manager and security industry executive.

Kellermann, now CEO of investment firm Strategic Cyber Ventures, said he was not surprised that it had taken Yahoo several years to identify the massive attacks. "Hackers often have a capacity to burrow deeper than we thought into a system and remain for years," he said.

Reuters could not determine how many companies besides Yahoo were using MD5 in 2013. Google, Facebook and Microsoft Corp did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

According to another former security veteran at Yahoo, even when the company was growing quickly, security sometimes took a back seat as the company focused on system performance to keep up with the growth.

Then, when growth stalled, senior security staff left for other companies and the chances of getting approval for expensive upgrades dropped further, the person said.

"Any changes to the user database took forever because they were understaffed, and it's an ultra-critical system - everything depends on it," said the former Yahoo employee.

Yahoo declined to comment on details of its security practices, but said it routinely conducted drills to test and improve its cyber defenses and highlighted campaigns such as a "bug bounty" program in which it pays hackers to find security flaws and report them to the company.

TWO BIGGEST BREACHES

Last September, Yahoo disclosed a 2014 cyber attack that affected at least 500 million customer accounts, the biggest known data breach at the time.

Following last week's news of the even bigger 2013 breach, U.S. federal investigators and lawmakers said they are scrutinizing Yahoo's security practices, and Verizon Communications Inc is seeking to renegotiate a July deal to buy Yahoo's internet business for $4.8 billion.

The former Yahoo employees said the company's security problems began before the arrival of Chief Executive Marissa Mayer in 2012 and continued under her tenure. Yahoo had suffered attacks by Russian hackers for years, two of the former staffers said.

In 2014, Yahoo hired a new security chief, Alex Stamos, and one of the security crews he led - known internally as 'The Paranoids' - thought they were making headway against the hackers, former employees said. In 2015, when the security crew discovered a hidden program attached to Yahoo's email servers that was monitoring all incoming messages, their first thought was that the Russian hackers had come back.

It turned out that the program had been installed by Yahoo's email engineers to comply with a secret surveillance order requested by a U.S. intelligence agency, as Reuters previously reported. Stamos and some of his staff left Yahoo soon after that, creating further disruptions to security operations.

This week, in addition to disclosing the 2013 hack, Yahoo said someone had accessed its proprietary computer code to learn how to forge "cookies," which would allow hackers to access an account without passwords. Yahoo said it connected some cookie-forging activity to the same state-sponsored actor it believed was responsible for the 2014 data theft.

"They burrowed in and got access to everything," said Dan Guido, chief executive of cyber security firm Trail of Bits.

On Thursday, Germany's cyber security authority criticized Yahoo for failing to adopt adequate encryption techniques and advised German consumers to switch to other email providers.

Yahoo told Reuters it was committed to keeping users secure by staying ahead of new threats. "Today's security landscape is complex and ever-evolving, but, at Yahoo, we have a deep understanding of the threats facing our users and continuously strive to stay ahead of these threats to keep our users and our platforms secure."

(Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco, Jim Finkle in Boston and Dustin Volz in Washington; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby) Economy pays tab for Japan Inc's free lunch on overtime An IT engineer, who does not want to be identified, poses against a window after having an interview with Reuters in Tokyo, Japan, December 7, 2016. Picture taken on December 7, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon

By Stanley White and Izumi Nakagawa

TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese workers put up with long hours and unpaid overtime under pressure from cost-saving companies, and figures from government, which wants more money in workers' pockets to boost consumer spending, appear to underestimate the problem.

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is trying to enact labor reforms as part of his "Abenomics" plan to end decades of stagnant growth and deflation. His proposals include measures to cut working hours and limit overtime, raise wages for temporary workers and make things easier for employees with children.

By law, both management and rank-and-file employees should get paid for extra work, but companies have been discouraging overtime claims for so long that employees accept it as normal.

Government data shows that Japanese work an average of 14.2 hours of overtime a month, but 2,000 respondents in a recent survey by the Japanese Trade Union Confederation said they worked an average of 40.3 hours of overtime a month, and get paid for just 22.7.

"Workers often face pressure from their superiors, sometimes in subtle, unspoken ways, to claim less overtime hours than actually worked," said Toshiaki Matsumoto, chief executive of HR Strategy, a human resources consultancy.

A deferential work culture means few speak up.

"Often I don't bother claiming overtime because my projects would run over budget, and that would hurt my chances for promotion," said one 38-year-old IT engineer who asked not to be named for fear of upsetting his boss.

He estimates that he works an average of 50 unpaid overtime hours a month, often leaving the office at 8 p.m., spending some time with his wife and 3-year-old son before bed, then getting up at 3 a.m. to tackle unfinished work.

A 26-year-old Tokyo man who works in sales at a steel trading company said his employer regularly pressured workers into reducing hours on their overtime forms. In busy times he works from 7 a.m. to midnight, plus Saturdays.

"The amount of overtime has left me exhausted," he said.

At times, the punishingly long hours can have tragic consequences.

The suicide of a 24-year-old ad agency worker who clocked up 105 hours of overtime in the month before she fell into depression was last month ruled "karoshi", or death by overwork.





DEAF EARS

Abe's pleas for businesses to put up wages to kickstart the economy have largely fallen on deaf ears. But if the results for the union survey are extrapolated nationwide, just paying employees for the hours they work could push up consumer spending by 13.4 percent, according to Reuters calculations based on monthly wage data and the propensity to consume.

"It's a problem if you're working long hours and not getting the compensation you're entitled to," said Norio Miyagawa, senior economist at Mizuho Securities, adding that working long hours also meant people didn't have time to go out and spend.

In an era of weak global demand and uncertainty about economic prospects, Japanese companies have been hoarding cash rather than sharing it with the workforce.

Since Abe took office in late 2012, recurring profits have gone up 62.3 percent, but staff compensation has grown a miserly 2.1 percent. Household spending has risen just 1.6 percent during the same period.

"Companies are without a doubt robbing workers of their wages and free time," said Toko Shirakawa, a visiting professor at Sagami Women's University and a member of the government's work culture panel.

But cultural and workplace expectations are difficult to change overnight, and civil servants say the government also needs to get its own house in order.

One 26-year-old at a government agency in downtown Tokyo said he was paid for about 70 percent of the overtime hours he worked.

"I request pay for all the overtime hours I work, but we operate on a fixed budget, which means you don't automatically receive the full amount," said the man, who declined to be named. "I feel like I'm working for free."





For a graphic on Overtime in Japan, click http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/JAPAN-ECONOMY-FREELABOUR/0100311Y2BF/JAPAN-ECONOMY.jpg





(Reporting and writing by Stanley White and Izumi Nakagawa; Editing by Malcolm Foster and Will Waterman) 
2016-05-11
Sodali Inc. and Morrow & Co. LLC Join to Form Largest Independent Global ... LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Sodali Inc. and Morrow & Co. LLC jointly announced today that Sodali has acquired Morrow & Co., creating Morrow Sodali Global, the largest independent corporate governance, proxy solicitation, investor relations, capital markets and shareholder services firm in the world. Sodali has been a global leader in such services within Europe, Latin America and other emerging markets, and Morrow & Co has been a trusted provider of these services to many of the largest publicly-traded corporations in the United States for more than 40 years.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160511005603/en/

Together, Morrow Sodali will serve more than 600 corporate clients in 30 countries, with aggregate market capitalization in excess of US$5 trillion. The combined company will advise boards of directors and executive management teams on issues related to corporate governance, annual and special shareholder meetings, shareholder activism, strategic communications, initial public offerings and the conduct of multinational equity, debt and merger transactions. Morrow Sodali's clients also include mutual funds and stock exchanges.

 This transaction brings together two great companies with complementary strengths and expertise that will translate into substantial value for our clients," said John Wilcox, Chairman of Morrow Sodali. "Joe Morrow has built a tremendous organization with a reputation for high quality service and loyalty to clients. We look forward to building on his legacy and leveraging our collective experience and resources to serve companies of all types and sizes, wherever they are based or their stock is traded. 

 Our professionals have been working for decades with a singular focus on helping corporations deal with their most complex governance and shareholder challenges,  said Joe Morrow, founder of Morrow & Co.  Sodali, like us, has used a client-first, fully independent approach to become the industry leader in markets outside the U.S. Together, our firms can provide customized solutions for companies dealing with corporate governance, activism and shareholder issues. We are excited to be joining the Sodali team and broadening our offering to new and prospective clients around the world. 

"This transaction is a transformative milestone for both companies and for the industry," said Alvise Recchi, CEO of Morrow Sodali. "Investors are becoming more global and more outspoken and demanding. With our combined reach into all the principal capital markets, Morrow Sodali is positioned to identify, understand and engage with these investors so that we can advise companies on how to address the expectations and interests of all their stakeholders. 

John Wilcox will serve as Chairman of Morrow Sodali. Prior to serving as Chairman of Sodali, Mr. Wilcox served as Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Governance at TIAA-CREF and was previously Chairman of Georgeson & Company.

Alvise Recchi is the CEO of Morrow Sodali. Mr. Recchi is the founding partner of Sodali. Previously, he was CEO and founding shareholder of GSC Proxitalia where his responsibilities included developing the shareholder service business in Europe and Latin America, together with partner Georgeson Inc.

The current Morrow & Co. management and client services teams will remain in place, providing the exceptional service that Morrow clients have come to expect.

Advisors on the transaction included Baker & McKenzie; Seward & Kissel; Berkeley; Altema Consulting and Alpeggiani & Associati for legal and MC Square Capital LLC and Sperry, Mitchell & Company for financial. Morrow Sodali Global LLC is owned by its managers and financial investors Fidia Holding and MC Square Holding.

About Morrow Sodali Global LLC

Morrow Sodali Global LLC, formed by the acquisition of Morrow & Co by Sodali, Inc., is an integrated, global consultancy specializing in corporate governance, investor relations, shareholder services and capital markets transactions. The firm serves more than 600 corporate clients, including many of the world s largest companies. Morrow Sodali advises boards of directors and senior management on a wide range of issues related to public ownership, including corporate governance, director evaluation, management succession, executive compensation, shareholder engagement and transparency, investor communication, IPOs, bond holder transactions, social policy and sustainability. It provides advice and proxy solicitation services relating to annual and special stockholder meetings including situations involving cross-border or hostile / contested M&A transactions, and shareholder activism. The firm is headquartered in New York City and London, with offices and representatives in Beijing, Geneva, Johannesburg, Madrid, Mexico City, Paris, Rome, Sao Paulo and Stamford, Connecticut and Tokyo.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160511005603/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160511005603/en/ 
2016-02-10
Yahoo laying off 107 Sunnyvale employees as it slashes its global workforce  Yahoo's struggles don't faze top anchor Katie Couric PALOS VERDES, Calif.   While it may be one of the craziest elections in history, Katie Couric doesn't miss covering it for network news.

Much.

"It's different," the Yahoo Global News anchor told Mashable in a candid interview just before Yahoo's foreboding fourth-quarter earnings were announced last week. "Because we're sort of a scrappy, smaller organization [at Yahoo News], we don't have the layers a network news organization has. Sometimes I miss those layers, but other times I think I've been able to do things like 45-minute interviews with candidates [and] explainers   those are fun for me to do."

See also: Marissa Mayer might finally sell Yahoo

The 2016 election marks Couric's first political cycle on a digital screen rather than behind a network news desk. The Sunnyvale, California-based tech company hired Couric back in 2013, with high hopes that the media superstar could become the face of Yahoo News.

(L-R) Bruce Aust, Executive Vice President of the NASDAQ, Katie Couric, Yahoo! Global News Anchor and Ken Goldman, Chief Financial Officer of Yahoo! Inc. attend the Opening Bell at NASDAQ MarketSite on March 2, 2015 in New York City. Image: Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images

Over the last two years, Couric has brought notoriety to the platform   and page views   but Yahoo is still struggling across the board. Last Tuesday the company reported a 15% workforce reduction (around 1,700 employees) and "strategic alternatives," which could mean a sale.

Still, Couric, 59, doesn't let Yahoo's situation phase her. She focuses on what she does best: storytelling.

Going digital

"Yahoo may be a sort of a legacy tech company but they are still in the process of figuring out and understanding media," she told Mashable. "Understanding how to position it, how to promote it, how to distribute it. I think we ve made some strides but we have a lot of work to do in terms of making sure [our content] gets to the right audience."

At the Terranea Resort in Palos Verdes last week, Couric sat barefoot on her hotel room couch prepping for a politics-themed panel at the AOL Makers Conference. The three-day event's sessions focused on tangible solutions and calls-to-action around gender equality.

She clutched her notes, reciting questions she would ask later that night, and moved one foot under the other to sit more comfortably. Her phone buzzed at least six times over the course of 30 minutes. Scattered around the coffee table was a pair of sunglasses, a water bottle, a small can of hairspray and a copy of a recent issue of the New York Times.

Blue heels   which she later showed off to the conference crowd   were placed adjacent to the table.

Image: Jonathan Leibson/Getty Images for AOL

Many wondered why Couric ditched the spotlight of network news (NBC News from 1989-2006, CBS from 2006-2011 and ABC from 2011-2014) for a gig of so many unknowns.

This was the anchor who got an exclusive interview with then-Republican Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin. (Yep, the one that helped inspire the famous Saturday Night Live "I can see Russia from my house!" joke).

"There is vast real estate that s available to you online, and it seems like there s a huge appetite now," she said. "The downside of that is there s so much stuff out there. How do you get noticed? How do you get people to consume what you are working on? So that is also a challenge."

Couric craved the flexibility

"I was curious about so many different things that I thought it would be fun to go to a place that didn t necessarily pigeonhole you or put you in a box and allowed you to kind of exercise all these different muscles and things you re curious about. I thought, where could I go where I could sort of satisfy all the sides of me?" she said, laughing. "It sounds so cheesy."

Maybe so, but it's accurate.

Katie Couric interviews Senator Marco Rubio at the Versailles Restaurant in Little Havana on January 10, 2015 in Miami, Florida. Image: Charles Ommanney/Getty Images

While at Yahoo, Couric has sat down with everyone from YouTube star PewDiePie to Republican politician Sen. Marco Rubio. She even spoke at VidCon, the three-day digital video conference in Anaheim that's a huge draw for teens.

Her video segments focus on three different areas: explanatory journalism (short, sharable weekly offerings), interviews (with diverse subjects) and "World 3.0" (uplifting series that focuses on innovators).

Beyond that, Couric also covers breaking news, broadcasting live during events such as the State of the Union. The core team for the news video division at Yahoo is about a couple of dozen people.

Journalist Katie Couric (L) joins Yahoo! President and CEO Marissa Mayer during her keynote address at the 2014 International CES at The Las Vegas Hotel & Casino on January 7, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images

Mayer continues to highlight Couric as an asset to the company. In a recent letter from the CEO to the staff, which was independently obtained by Mashable, the executive wrote:

 When you think of Yahoo, you should think of news ... with Katie Couric as one of our most trusted voices, we ll be a differentiated platform that deeply engages users on topics that impassion them and that inspires vibrant conversation. 

Others echo the significance of her presence at the platform. By the end of December, Couric's videos generated twice as many views as the same time period in 2014.

Her videos were also watched, on average, for more time than other videos on Yahoo News, averaging 5 to 6 million streams per week. As of 2015, her videos have generated over 250 million views.



Her interviews with 2016 Presidential candidate contenders have amassed 15 million video streams to date. Yahoo also had nearly half a million viewers live for coverage of the results for the Iowa Caucus as they happened in prime time.

"Katie broke new ground for news anchors when she made the move to Yahoo," Martha Nelson, Global Editor in Chief at Yahoo, told Mashable in an email statement. "She had the foresight and imagination to see that Yahoo, a global digital media platform, would help her reach a massive audience while also allowing her the freedom to experiment with new forms of journalism and storytelling. 

Such praise, however, doesn't necessarily mean Couric is Yahoo's savior   it takes a lot more than clicks to fix a struggling company. Plus some argue she doesn't bring as much value to Yahoo as she costs them. Her reported salary is a whopping $10 million a year.

One marketing analytics company, Jumpshot, reported that Couric's videos only drive about 5% of homepage visitors, lagging two to four times behind the top three most popular digital magazines: Yahoo TV (20-25% of homepage visitors), Yahoo Celebrity and Yahoo Movies (both drive 10-15% of traffic). Their data, which was pulled between July and December 2015, also suggests Couric's channel has the second lowest millennial viewership at only 7%.

Peter Csathy, CEO of Manatt Digital Media, Mashable said though Couric was a valuable addition to Yahoo's then-growing team, the company's disorganization ultimately did not bode in her favor.

"Katie Couric has a brand name   she's widely liked, respected, recognized," Csathy said. "While that is great, to what end? That's the issue here: What is the strategy here for Yahoo? What's the demographic? What's the play they are going for and how does Couric fit into that and drive that strategy? An asset without a company strategy does not lead to success."

Csathy pointed to how Yahoo axed its video service, Screen, earlier this year, leaving an even more disorganized video division.

"Here you have this brand name [Couric] but you shut down the place her content was going to live, so she's essentially been made virtually invisible and hard to find," he said.

Noteworthy notoriety

The buzz around her name alone, as well as the exclusives she scores for the platform, has still been enough to elevate Yahoo   at least when it comes to news coverage.

Brands are increasingly partnering with Yahoo to sponsor Couric's content. Yahoo signed deals with Merrill Edge (which sponsors Couric's "Now I Get It" series) and with Nissan (which sponsors Couric's interview series "World 3.0"). More recently, H&R Block signed on to sponsor one of Couric's new programs called "Cities Rising: Rebuilding America."

Back at the Makers Conference, though Couric was surrounded by a slew of other prominent public figures   including Gloria Steinem, America Ferrera and Caitlyn Jenner   many approached the journalist first. Countless guests, all women from across all industries, asked to shake her hand or to take a selfie.

Even other celebrities couldn't help but smile for a group photo.

"#Squadgoals" indeed.

Reporter's note: This post has been updated with more viewership numbers from Couric's time at Yahoo. Yahoo! Inc announces first round of layoffs as it trims 15 pct of workforce - Reuters  
2016-10-24
Why Yahoo! Inc. Could Shock the Market Soon (YHOO) It commonly happens in stock investing that investors miss the chance of buying winning stocks that they knew would stand out. Before they take the plunge, others get to know the hidden potential and enter into these stocks, pushing them out of reach.

So, instead of repenting, spotting the off-the-radar potential winners and immediately investing in them could be a smart decision.

One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ).

This Internet Services stock has actually seen estimates rise over the past month for the current fiscal year by about 69.2%. But that is not yet reflected in its price, as the stock lost 4.5% over the same time frame.

YAHOO! INC Price and Consensus

You should not be concerned about the price remaining muted going forward. This year s expected earnings growth over the prior year is 58.3%, which should ultimately translate into price appreciation.

And if this isn t enough, YHOO currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) which further underscores the potential for its outperformance (See the performance of Zacks  portfolios and strategies here: About Zacks Performance). You can see the complete list of today s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.

So if you are looking for a stock flying under-the-radar that is well-equipped to bounce down the road, make sure to consider Yahoo!. Solid estimate revisions and an impressive Zacks Rank suggest that better days may be ahead for YHOO and that now might be an interesting buying opportunity.

Confidential from Zacks

Beyond this Tale of the Tape, would you like to see Zacks  best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report

YAHOO! INC (YHOO): Free Stock Analysis Report

To read this article on Zacks.com click here.

More From InvestorPlace mCig, Inc. CEO Provides Corporate Update HENDERSON, NV--(Marketwired - Oct 24, 2016) - MCIG, Inc., ( OTCQB : MCIG ) a diversified company servicing the legal cannabis, hemp, and CBD markets is pleased to give this corporate update to our current & future shareholders surrounding the operations of MCIG, Inc. First, let me thank the many investor emails I have received over the past few weeks that have made inquiries as to our product lines as well as our Nevada operations, it is for this reason I am providing this update ahead of what we feel is a pivotal moment for the cannabis industry.

The 2016 elections and cannabis related ballots across the United States are exceptionally important to the continued expansion of the industry and we feel MCIG, Inc. is well positioned at many different market verticals, most notable the Nevada cultivation market. Company divisions are fundamentally healthy and we expect to see revenues continues to grow as overall operations expand and are scaled to meet various forms of demand. Currently, 3 of our 4 divisions are profitable as we continue to focus on this profitability via cost cutting initiatives that continue to improve our margins. Also, our cash position has significantly improved while our expenses remain at all-time lows allowing for a good base for future growth.

MCIG continues to expand our shareholders position within the rapidly growing Cannabis market and we have become even more geographically diverse following the addition of new clients, new products roll outs, and continued market penetration via existing product lines and expanded distribution agreements.

In an effort to keep our investors up to date with everything going on within the company, we want to provide this update for each of our portfolio companies and investments as we prepare to enter into the third quarter.

Scalable Solutions -

After being established in March 2016, Scalable Solutions has quickly become a leader when it comes to Marijuana cultivation construction. Currently, we have five projects under construction and a backlog of more than $6 million dollars. Scalable Solutions will become a main driver of revenues for mCig as the legal cannabis industry continues to grow within its Nevada, which is expected to be a $629.5 million market by 2020. The company is also currently working on smaller projects in Washington and Oregon in various capacities while expanding its base of operation in Nevada.

It is important to note that if Nevada legalizes adult use cannabis on November 8, 2016 we will witness an unprecedented socio-economic impact in a state already shaped and fueled by tourism and entertainment. . That's why we are taking an aggressive approach to contract new projects in Nevada while expanding our professional team of engineers and consultants.

Currently, Scalable's Sin City and Green Leaf Farms projects under contract are ahead of schedule. Both projects will be expanding as the Nevada markets expand to fulfill their eventual maximum space usage for the large land and warehouse they respectively occupy. Sin City will eventually expand from 4,800 square feet to 40,000 square feet and Green Leaf will modify it entire facility in order to occupy all 30,000 square feet of their facility.

Management expects the Solaris project will become the model for future Green Houses which when completed will be the largest approved green house facility in Nevada with room to grow. The current parcel of Land that Solaris occupies is 12 acres, with only 20% currently allocated by the main Solaris Greenhouse. Many licensed producers are planning on scaling their operations as demand increases as it has increased in other markets. Our scalable division has already seen our current projects swell in size and each of our current clients has expanded the construction budgets multiple times, giving MCIG Inc. via Scalable Solutions years of continued project revenue.

Scalable targets a 10% profit margin on its construction, with monthly management fees and performance incentives. This continued growth along with identifying other avenues for revenues and expansion will ensure Scalable's long term viability.

VitaCig Brand

The sale of our flagship VITACIG Brand just had a record breaking quarter as VitaCig continues to expand its operations outside of the united states. VitaCig will soon debut in the Philippines, South Africa, and Hungary. With the recent country additions, VitaCig now exports its product to more than 30 different countries.

Read More 
2016-03-28
The Oculus Rift is here and so is the age of virtual reality After nearly four years of waiting, the virtual-reality age finally kicked off today with the release of Oculus and Facebook s highly anticipated Oculus Rift headset.

The device, which is available for order through Oculus  website, costs $600 and comes with everything you need to kiss the real world goodbye. Well, everything except the high-powered computer you ll need to run the Rift, though the  Oculus Ready  program should help you get one at a decent price (for a fancy PC).

As part of his company s launch festivities, Oculus founder Palmer Luckey flew to Alaska to hand deliver the first Rift to one lucky consumer.

A handful of early reviews of the headset have already hit the web and they seem to be largely positive with regards to the overall experience. Our own review is coming soon.

Many reviewers laud the Rift s ability to truly immerse them in virtual worlds, but some reviewers point to how the Rift can make you feel isolated while wearing it due to the fact that you can t see or hear anyone around you. Others took issue with the fact that the headset can be a pain to put on and take off while wearing glasses.

There s also the fact that, since the Rift doesn t include a forward-facing camera or a pass through, once you put on the headset you essentially become blind to the outside world, which makes it difficult for users to do things like grab a nearby drink or even pick up the included Xbox One controller.

Naturally, the Rift s steep $600 price and sky-high PC system requirements will limit the number of people who can initially purchase the headset, as will the fact that new orders won t ship until July. But it looks like the Oculus Rift is just the product we needed to kick off the virtual-reality movement.

And don t forget to stay tuned for our full review of the Oculus Rift in the coming days.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.

 How Much is Yahoo Really Worth? (YHOO) Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) has made no secret of the fact that it is for sale. According to recent reports, its asking price is $10 billion. What s unclear is how they arrived at that number. The math doesn t quite work.

Let s presuppose that we re talking about the core operations of Yahoo, excluding its interest in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba, as well as any other equity holdings Yahoo might have. In other words, just the Yahoo web site and all of its related properties. It s hard to arrive at a figure as high as $10 billion in that instance.

The most reliable way to assess the value of Yahoo is based on two major pieces of data: the operating income and the multiples in that sector for comparable companies.

Estimates are that in 2017, Yahoo s core operations should have an operating income which is to say, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of approximately $1 billion. As for multiples in that sector, and in other sectors for companies of Yahoo s size, as well as the growth characteristics Yahoo s core operations have demonstrated in the past, this suggests a multiple of anywhere between six and eight.

Based on those numbers, the highest valuation you could put on Yahoo s core operations is around $8 billion, not $10 billion. The only scenario in which a figure like $10 billion would come into play is if they are looking at a strategic buyer looking into reducing costs of operating the business while maintaining if not growing revenues. In this instance, a higher profitability might be warranted. There are indications that Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) might want to be part of such a purchase, and that's basically what would be necessary to arrive at Yahoo s asking price.

Even if a buyer is willing to fork over $10 billion, that doesn t address the stability factor. Yahoo has been the subject of controversy for some time and it doesn t appear to have come to an end. The company has been plagued by threats of proxy contests, activist investors looking for board representation. In the right hands, Yahoo s fortunes could certainly improve.

About the author: David Garrity is Principal of GVA Research, a New York-based consulting firm. He has more than 25 years of experience in the financial services industry. He has served in many senior roles including CFO and Board Director for both publicly-held and private companies, and has extensive experience in several disciplines including advisory, operating and research. David is a thought leader in technology sector developments and their application to the broadening of the financial sector, as well as in the areas of banking and finance, capital markets, and technology innovation. He is a sought-after advisor for technology companies and consults with The World Bank Group on financial inclusion and mobile technology, as well as the development of technology strategy for health initiatives in southern Africa. His paper on mobile money and disaster relief is published in "Technologies for Development: What is Essential?" (Springer Verlag, June 2015). You can find him on LinkedIn here and follow him on Twitter @GVAResearch.

Disclosures: At the time of writing, the author and his family had holdings in MSFT. Yahoo Could Score A Big Win By Letting Facebook Sell Ads On Tumblr Yahoo is considering a deal that will allow Facebook to place its ads on Tumblr.

Tumblr has been a disappointment for Yahoo despite its hefty price tag.

The deal has good potential to substantially increase Tumblr's and Yahoo's ad revenue due to Facebook's high Return On Investment (ROI) in online marketing.

Reports have emerged that Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is mulling a move that will allow rival ad company Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) to display its ads within Tumblr s popular mobile app with the two companies splitting the resulting revenue. If Yahoo s board gives thumbs up to such a deal, it would come as a welcome respite for Yahoo which has lost its once dominant position in online ads to rivals including social media companies and even Microsoft s MSFT Bing Search. Yahoo is heavily reliant on ads to drive its top line, with the company realizing ad revenue of $3.37B, or 68% of its revenue, from search ads and display ads in 2015.

Yahoo s ad revenue fell 2.2% Y/Y in 2015 with eMarketer projecting that the metric will grow an anemic 2.7% in 2016 and 3.0% in 2017.

Source: eMarketer

Yahoo bought Tumblr for $1.1B in 2013. But current indications are that the company is having trouble trying to monetize the site, despite the fact that Tumblr boasts of more than 500 million monthly active users. Tumblr failed to meet Yahoo s revenue target of $100M in 2015 leading to a large write-off, which points to a really poor performance considering that a company like Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) with 305 million MAUs finished 2015 with revenue of $2.2B. Analysts have posited several reasons why Tumblr has been such a disappointment for Yahoo. But perhaps the biggest reason why Tumblr is unable to make decent money can be chalked up to the kind of return on investment that marketers get by advertising on Yahoo sites.

A recent RBC survey of more than 2,000 marketers found that Google and Facebook gave the best ROIs in online marketing while Yahoo and AOL were ranked dead last. Meanwhile, Facebook was ranked ahead of even Google in some categories with 62% of marketers who advertise on FB saying they were likely to increase their ad spend on the platform in 2016 compared with 54% for marketers on Google.

Facebook boasts some of the best ad rates (CPM and CPC) in the online ad space. This is good news for Yahoo because a Tumblr deal would involve Facebook s Audience Network, a platform that Facebook recently revealed was on a $1B annual revenue run rate (including publisher payments). In comparison, Yahoo s own mobile ad network Flurry is only a third the size of Facebook's Audience Network.

The biggest reason why Facebook ads give such good ROI is mainly because of Facebook s nature as a social platform. Facebook is able to leverage its huge cache of user data including their likes, preferences, and dislikes on its platform and use this information to design highly relevant ads that target the right users.

Tumblr reportedly only manages to sell 10%-20% of its ad inventory, which points to a serious credibility problem with marketers. As long as marketers associate Tumblr with Yahoo, the social site might have a hard time attracting decent ad rates or even selling enough of its ad inventory. There is a good chance that Facebook will bring at least some of its ad tools to Tumblr which could go a long way in changing how marketers perceive and advertise on the social site.

Ultimately Yahoo needs to do everything it can to make itself appealing to a potential buyer. Although Yahoo rarely talks about its user growth trends nowadays, a recent report said that the only Yahoo sites that were seeing positive user growth include Tumblr, Yahoo Sports, and Yahoo Weather while other platforms including Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Search, and Yahoo Homepage were all posting negative growth. Anyone who acquires Yahoo is likely to pay close attention to the company s user growth problem which it could leverage during negotiations to get a more favorable price. If Tumblr, however, is able to finally start making decent money courtesy of a Facebook deal, then Yahoo might still be able to attract a decent price. How to use Apple's iOS Night Shift mode The latest version of Apple s iOS mobile operating system, iOS 9.3, has landed. And with it comes a whole host of improvements including updates to Health, Apple Music, Notes, and News.

But the most noteworthy improvement to iOS 9.3 is a new feature called Night Shift. No, this isn t some mode you use only when the kids go to bed. Instead, the feature is designed to help improve your sleep by reducing the amount of blue light emitted by your device s display.

According to Scientific American, blue light produces a specific wavelength that slows the release of melatonin   which helps regulate our sleep cycles   in our brains. That means that when you re using your smartphone in bed at night, you re directly affecting the quality of your night s sleep.

To address this, Apple s Night Shift filters out the display s blue light, creating a warm-looking image. Want to try out Night Shift for yourself? Here s how.

After downloading iOS 9.3, open the Settings app, select Display & Brightness, and tap Night Shift.

If you want to set the feature to turn on automatically, select Scheduled and set the times you d like to enable and disable Night Shift.

If you d rather manually control Night Shift, choose Manually Enable Until Tomorrow.

You can also control how much blue light is filtered out of the display by moving the color temperature slider to More Warm. Add more blue light by sliding it to Less Warm.

IOS 9.3 also adds a Night Shift shortcut to the iOS Control Center accessible by swiping up from the bottom of the screen.

It s worth noting that Apple says Night Shift  may  help you get a better night s sleep. What s more, Fortune reports that DisplayMate Technologies president Raymond Soneira, one of the display industry s most respected experts, claims that Night Shift offers more of a placebo effect than anything else.

So give the feature a try   just don t expect it to completely fix your poor night s sleep.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. 
2016-04-26
Earnings Per share Watch List: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO):

Last Trade: The Company fell -0.67% and finished at $37.23. The daily volume was measured at 9.82 million shares. The 52-week high of the share price is $45.10 and the 52-week low is $26.15. The company has a market cap of $35.07 Billion. Its latest closing price has a distance of +1.49% from SMA20 and is 9.29% up than SMA50.

Earnings Estimate & Revenue Estimate of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) for the Current Quarter Jun 16:

For the current Quarter,33.00 analysts have given an Average earnings estimate of $0.10 per share.According to the Analysts, the Low Estimate Earnings of the current Quarter is $0.04 per share whereas, High Estimate is $0.16 per share.The Previous Year Earnings per Share (EPS) of this Quarter was $0.16.

The EPS (Earnings per share) Trend for the current Quarter is estimated at $0.10 per share while the Trend for 7 days ago was $0.12. The EPS Trend for 30, 60 and 90 Days ago were $0.12, $0.12and $0.14 respectively.

The consensus EPS trend allows the investor to understand the recent direction of earnings estimates. The trend shows the investor how the estimates have been changing as new information is published by the company. Trends are usually shown for 90 days, 60 days, 30 days, and 7 days.

If the earnings estimates are declining over time, this is usually a signal that new information made an analyst revise their forecast downward. Generally, an investor wants to see values that remain steady or move in a positive direction.

While looking at Revenue estimate of the company, 24 analysts have given an average revenue estimate of 1.08 Billion for the current quarter.

Recent Announcement:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) on April 19, 2016 stated results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.

Business Highlights

Planned Alternatives Update

The Board of Directors at Yahoo formed a planned review committee of independent directors to consider planned alternatives for the company alongside its continued consideration of a reverse spin. Since the launch of the process in February, administration has worked diligently with the committee and its independent legal and financial advisors to engage with interested planned and financial parties.

Company Updates T-Mobile CEO Legere on Growth, Verizon's Yahoo Pursuit RBC Analyst Says Apple Acquisition of Disney Is Possible

55:20 - Investors are increasingly discussing options for how Apple could gain scale in media/content and an acquisition of Walt Disney has a "greater than 0%" probability, though odds are low, RBC analyst Amit Daryanani said in a note. Bloomberg's Chris Palmeri has more on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg) Why Apple Could Layoff Between 25000 And 30000 Of 115000 Employees By End Of Year Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has recently been laying off around 100 contract and full-time recruiters, but Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry believes this is just the tip of the iceberg for Apple layoffs. Chowdhry estimates that Apple will cut between 25,000 and 30,000 of its 115,000 employees by the end of 2016.

Chowdhry is extremely critical of Apple management and blames them for a  Bozo Explosion  among Apple employees.

 [The] Apple Executive team has zero vision, zero passion and zero insights and the Trio-Bozos (CEO Tim Cook, CFO Luca Maestri and Head of Retail Angela Ahrendts) need to be replaced soon before irreparable damage is done to Apple,  Chowdry explained.

Related Link: Why Q1 Earnings Season Has Been More Bullish Than It May Seem

He predicts that the United States will soon enter into a recession and that the technology sector alone will issue more than 369,000 layoffs by the end of the year.

Not An Unprecedented Move This Year

Just this month, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) announced 12,000 layoffs, and both Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and NetApp Inc. (NASDAQ: NTAP) have each cut more than 1,500 employees this year.

Chowdhry believes the U.S. Federal Reserve is out of touch with the reality of the U.S. economic situation and blasts Vice Chairman Stanley Fisher for his insistence on raising interest rates.

Chowdhry says the tech world is becoming far more efficient and less employees will be needed to do the same amount of work.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Angela Ahrendts Global Equities ResearchAnalyst Color Top Stories Federal Reserve Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-05-01
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer could get $55 million in severance pay Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will walk away with a $55 million severance package if the company s auction of its internet operations culminates in a sale that ousts her from her job.

The payout disclosed in a regulatory filing Friday consists of cash, stock awards and other benefits that Ms Mayer would get should she be forced out as CEO within a year after a sale.

Although Yahoo s board is still evaluating takeover offers, most investors are betting that the company will decide to sell its well-known brand and an Internet business that includes a popular email service and sections focused on sports and finance.

Ms Mayer, a former Google executive, has been unsuccessfully trying to turn around Yahoo for nearly four years. Instead, Yahoo s long-running slump has deepened during her reign, making her pay a prickly topic among investors.

 I don t think this management team has done anything to merit a huge payout,  said Eric Jackson, managing director of SpringOwl Asset Management, a Yahoo shareholder critical of Ms Mayer s leadership.

Yahoo declined to comment beyond its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the US market regulator. The documents didn t explain the rationale for the severance packages covering Ms Mayer and other Yahoo executives, although they are common at most publicly held companies as a way to maintain some stability during times of uncertainty.

Ms Mayer received a compensation package valued at nearly $36 million last year under the SEC s accounting rules. Yahoo s board maintained in its filing that it was only worth about $14 million as of April 1.

The chances of a sale happening at Yahoo Inc increased earlier this week when the Sunnyvale, California, company reached a truce with activist investor Starboard Value, an outspoken critic of Ms Mayer s that has been pushing her to sell. Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith is now one of three Yahoo directors on a special committee assessing the bids for the internet business.

Although Yahoo s hasn t set a timetable for reaching a decision, most analysts expect a deal to be struck within the next two months at a price ranging anywhere from $4 billion to $10 billion.

In an opinion shared by most of his peers on Wall Street, RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney says he believes Verizon Communications is the most likely buyer. After snapping up AOL Inc, another fallen internet start, for $4.4 billion, Verizon has publicly expressed interest in taking over Yahoo, too.

That has spurred speculation that AOL CEO Tim Armstrong will shove aside Ms Mayer if Verizon buys Yahoo s internet operations. Armstrong was a top advertising executive at Google during much of the same time Ms Mayer was working on some of the products that helped turn Google into the internet s most powerful company.

Ms Mayer s inability to boost Yahoo s advertising sales at a time that marketers are shifting more of their budgets to digital services is the main reason investors are pushing the company to cash out and turn its internet operations to a new owner.

Last year, for instance, Yahoo s board set a target asking management to generate $4.6 billion in revenue, after subtracting ad commissions. That would have been a modest 5 per cent increase from the previous year. Yahoo s revenue last year instead came in at $4.1 billion. The company this year expects its revenue after ad commissions to decline another 15 per cent to a projected $3.5 billion.

Ms Mayer is nearly done with a cost-cutting plan that is jettisoning 15 per cent of Yahoo s workforce in an effort to boost profits as revenue drops.

Yahoo s stock added a penny to close Friday at $36.60, more than double its value in July 2012 when the company hired Ms Mayer. But the run-up has been driven by the rising value of Yahoo s stake in China s e-commerce leader, Alibaba Group.

The investment in Alibaba was made long before Ms Mayer s hiring, although she has been unsuccessfully trying to find a legal way to avoid paying taxes when the stake is sold.

Associated Press

Publish date: May 2, 2016 12:50 pm| Modified date: May 2, 2016 12:50 pm

Alibaba, CEO Marissa Mayer, Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO, Yahoo! 
2016-10-20
Verizon Communications Inc. Needs Yahoo! Inc. to Stay Alive (VZ) While Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) has been busy trying to decide how it was going to handle its now uncertain acquisition of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ), it has still been running a telco business. Last quarter s results remind us why Verizon is seeking out such a growth opportunity. Although the reported per-share earnings figure topped estimates, that was the only real  win  for the report. VZ stock fell in response, and understandably so.

In its recently completed third fiscal quarter of 2016, VZ earned an operating profit of $1.01 per share, and reported revenue of $30.94 billion.

Analysts were expecting income of only 99 cents per share on $31.09 billion worth of revenue. For the third quarter of 2015, the company earned $1.04 per share of Verizon stock on sales of $33.16 billion.

Verizon stock had topped earnings estimates in five of the prior six quarters, making this the sixth beat of the last seven. The bar had been set relatively low for most of those quarters though.

Operating income for Q3 came in at $6.5 billion, while operating margins were 21.1%. Non-GAAP EBITDA reached $10.5 billion, while non-GAAP EBITDA margin came in at 33.9% for the quarter.

CEO Lowell C. McAdam commented:

 Verizon continues to deliver strong financial and operational results in highly competitive markets while positioning itself for future growth. While we transform our company in a challenging environment, we have maintained the financial flexibility to invest in our industry-leading networks to better serve customers, add scale to bring innovation to the mobile media and Internet of Things (IoT) markets, and increase dividends for a 10th consecutive year. 

Verzion Earnings Show It Still Needs Yahoo

Verizon was the winning bidder for struggling web company Yahoo, offering $4.8 billion for the company s web properties in July of this year. That offer excludes the company s stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA ) and Yahoo Japan, which make up the bulk of Yahoo s value at this time.

Although most everyone agrees Yahoo needs plenty of work to become the powerhouse it used to be, in the right hands it could return to its previous greatness. VZ acquired Yahoo rival AOL last year and has already shown forward progress with the newly bought property. With Yahoo in the mix, even more synergies could be achieved. A deal with Yahoo would also give Verizon access to web users who may also be interested in Verizon s digital video ambitions like Go90 or even a so-called  skinny  cable television bundle that it has expressed interest in before.

AOL s video presence was a key reason Verizon nabbed it in 2015.

Now though, VZ may back of out the Yahoo deal.

In September, it was revealed that Yahoo didn t disclose a major data breach that occurred in 2014. The company has also quietly been working with law enforcement officials, taking measures that some would say is a violation of privacy. Both gaffes damage the Yahoo brand, adding to the burden Verizon stock will bear if it goes through with the deal.

Revenue Headwind for Verizon Stock

VZ stock can certainly use the added revenue. While it s still a cash cow, it has not been a growth machine in a while. Revenue for the prior three quarters has effectively been flat on a year-over-year basis, and earnings growth hasn t been much more impressive.

A saturated wireless and television market in conjunction with a decreasing need for landlines are the culprit for that stagnation, leaving wireless subscriber market share as the only sizeable growth engine. Wireline revenue fell 2.3% to $7.8 billion.

Next Page This Top Analyst Mixed on Three Tech Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Yahoo! Inc ... Top analyst Gene Munster at Piper Jaffray is weighing in on three tech giants in his coverage universe, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), and eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY). Despite constrained iPhone inventory evident in the U.S. for Apple, the analyst remains positive when it comes to the bigger picture. Meanwhile, though earnings from Yahoo did nothing to excite investors, Munster s eyes stay peeled toward the likely Verizon acquisition ahead. With regards to eBay, Munster notes,  We would not be owners  of the stock and believes  these stripes aren t changing. 

Gene Munster has a very good TipRanks score with a 67% success rate and he stands at #6 out of 4,180 analysts on the leaderboard. Munster earns 19.1% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Munster garners 12.2% in average profits on the stock. When suggesting YHOO, Munster gains 10.4% in average profits on the stock. When rating EBAY, Munster yields 3.1% in average profits on the stock. Let s take a closer look:

Apple Inc.

Recently, Munster did an in-store analysis of Apple s iPhone 7 availability. Based on 134 Apple Stores in the U.S. 40% of SKUs that the analyst checked were available for in-store pickup, in contrast with 44% just two weeks ago. The iPhone 7 continues to rule the majority over the iPhone 7 Plus when considering available devices.

Meanwhile, China s iPhone availability has risen to 12% from 10% two weeks prior. The analyst adds,  Outside of the US, we are unable to capture iPhone availability at Apple Stores, but can capture similar data from 96 China Unicom stores in China,  and the data continues to reveal inventory in China is  more constrained  than in the U.S.

Munster asserts,  We continue to believe that the limited supply of the iPhone 7 should be positive for the Dec quarter outlook as demand shifts from September to December. Despite the supply, we remain comfortable with Sep revenue of $47.5B vs. Street of $46.5B. We remain positive on shares of AAPL on our continued belief in an iPhone 7 cycle and the iPhone 10 potential next year. 

Bullish on the tech titan s long-term, the analyst reiterates an Overweight rating on shares of AAPL with a $151 price target, which represents a nearly 29% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 36 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on AAPL, 4 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $130.42, marking an 11% upside from where the shares last closed.

Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo posted its third-quarter print on Tuesday, October 18th with both quarterly revenue and fourth-quarter revenue guidance that underperformed the Street. Yet, Munster considers the internet giant s recent earnings a  non-event  and remains bullish on the company s prospects ahead of its likely impending deal with Verizon.

As such, Munster reiterates an Overweight rating on YHOO with a price target of $44, which represents just under a 3% increase from where the shares last closed.

While Yahoo s core business strikes the analyst as  unsurprisingly uninspiring  considering the company is navigating the path of a merger, Munster notes he is  not surprised to see Q4 revenue headwinds as talent drain could hurt the core business in the near-term.  For Munster, its performance this past quarter is very much  expected. 

YHOO reported third-quarter ex-TAC revenue of $858 million,  essentially in-line  with consensus at $860.8 million and in the bracket of past guidance for $840 to $880 million. Meanwhile, the giant guided fourth-quarter revenue to $880 to $920 million, which falls around 4% under the Street s midpoint projection of $938.1 million. Fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDA guidance reached $260 to $300 million, compared to the Street s estimate of $245.9 million.

There was no management earnings call update due to the pending acquisition. From the analyst s perspective, this is where his focus continues to lie, explaining,  The biggest question around YHOO remains the impact of the reported data breach on its deal with Verizon. While there are media reports that suggest Verizon could use the breach to walk, we believe this is more likely a public negotiating tactic to try to get a lower price on the deal. 

When assessing the size of the deal at $6.4 billion, the analyst sees the downside as  somewhat limited,  if every $1 billion modification is representative of approximately $1 to the stock.

 Additionally, while we would rank YHOO lower on a relative scale of large cap Internet stocks we would own, we remain OW rated given the BABA upside potential, where we believe a positive tax outcome is more likely than not. We maintain our OW rating given the BABA upside potential,  Munster concludes.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate YHOO as a Buy. Based on 23 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 12 rate a Buy on YHOO, while 11 maintain a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $45.74, marking a 7% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

eBay Inc

Yesterday, eBay reported its earnings for third-quarter that have sent shares dipping 8%. Munster notes expectations had risen in later weeks with bolstered investor sentiment surrounding prospective chances for structured data to augment eBay s path of growth. Yet, the online auction and e-commerce leader ultimately underperformed expectations and  inline results and uncertainty around the timing to an acceleration in growth  led to the stock s downward plunge in after-hours trading.

On back of these results, the analyst reiterates a Neutral rating on shares of EBAY with a $28 price target, which represents a nearly 7% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

EBAY posted quarterly gross merchandise volume (GMV) of $20.1 billion, which fell slightly under the Street s expectation for $20.3 billion. Meanwhile, revenue of $2.2 billion and EPS of $0.45 were  fractionally ahead of expectations.  EBAY management boosted guidance  immaterially  to $2.36 billion to $2.41 billion for fourth-quarter revenue and $0.52 to $0.54 for EPS.

Munster opines,  The Q3 report indicated that eBay s growth problem is complex and structured data is not the governor on eBay s growth   we believe eBay faces structural brand and product issues that are not going to be solved by structured data, which is more of a necessity for a modern website than a new user acquisition tool or a differentiating feature. eBay s place on the internet is not changing and we believe shares are trading within a reasonable range of fair value and, therefore, we are remaining Neutral. 

However,  We would become more optimistic on eBay s story if the company began designing more significant brand pivoting efforts, improved user experience to match the quality of other eCommerce platforms, or accelerate investments in higher-touch services to aid platform quality (i.e. eBay Valet),  the analyst contends.

TipRanks analytics as a Buy. Based on 22 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 10 rate a Buy on EBAY, 11 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $33.78, marking a nearly 4% upside from where the shares last closed. Sequoia Capital Hires Yahoo's Jess Lee as First Woman US Investing Partner For the first time in its 44-year history, Sequoia Capital, one of the most vaunted venture capital firms in Silicon Valley, has hired a female investing partner for its U.S. operations.

Sequoia had been wooing Jess Lee since 2012 . She's the co-founder and chief executive officer of Polyvore, a shopping site for fashion and home decor. Yahoo! Inc. acquired it last year for $230 million, and as Yahoo is now being bought by Verizon Communications Inc., Lee agreed to join Sequoia. When she starts on Nov. 7, Lee, 33, will become the 11th partner and one of the youngest investing partners at the firm. In an e-mail to Bloomberg, she wrote she was "excited to join Sequoia to help the next generation of founders."

Jess Lee Photographer: Steve Jennings/Getty Images for TechCrunch

Sequoia is among the world's most respected firms because of its early bets on companies including Apple and Google. The firm has several female investors overseeing its global funds, but like many venture firms, its Silicon Valley headquarters is run by a group of older men. Women make up just 6 percent of the senior investment teams at top venture firms in 2016, according to researcher PitchBook Data, up slightly from 5 percent in 2010.

"Getting the first female venture capitalist into a top-tier partnership is a big deal," said Kate Mitchell, the co-founder and partner of Scale Venture Partners and the chairwoman of the National Venture Capital Association s task force on diversity. "Whether that translates into a long-term commitment to better inclusion, only time will tell."

As standard bearers in the industry, Sequoia and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers have been lightning rods in the diversity debate. Kleiner Perkins, which was unsuccessfully sued by Ellen Pao for sexual discrimination, has added several female investing partners over the last decade or so. In India and China, Sequoia has a total of five female investing partners. In the U.S., Sequoia was slower.

Sequoia Chair Mike Moritz told Bloomberg TV last year he was working to find a female partner but that it was difficult and the firm wasn't prepared to "lower standards." The statement sparked outrage. (He later clarified his remarks in an e-mail to Bloomberg, saying,  I know there are many remarkable women who would flourish in the venture business. We re working hard to find them.")

Other VC firms, including Accel Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners, General Catalyst, IVP, Mayfield Fund and Redpoint Ventures, still list only men among their U.S. partners, according to their web sites. Some investors in venture funds have said they apply pressure on firms to become more diverse at the partner level, but calling for change requires extreme diplomacy.

 We always ask about the team, plans to add women and try, where appropriate, to introduce managers to women candidates,  said Joelle Kayden, founder of Accolade Partners, which invests in venture firms including Andreessen Horowitz and Accel. She noted that in the past few years, more women have founded their own VC firms: Aileen Lee started Cowboy Ventures, and Theresia Gouw and Jennifer Fonstad opened Aspect Ventures.

VCs and entrepreneurs say that more female investing partners has a trickle-down effect: Women venture capitalists are more likely to serve as role models to female entrepreneurs and identify potential in businesses that target women. Currently, the percentage of female entrepreneurs hovers around 30 percent, said Ross Levine, a professor at the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley.

Becoming a venture investor marks a turning point for Lee, a computer science graduate of Stanford University. Her first job after school was as a product manager developing features for Google Maps. Lee left Google to join fashion shopping and styling startup Polyvore as its first outside employee in 2008. She did everything from writing code to selling ads and finding office space, and in 2010, Polyvore's three founders made her an honorary co-founder. In 2012, they asked her to become CEO.

Lee fits a rare profile: an entrepreneur with a lot of success, yet young enough to have a long career ahead of her. Sequoia could potentially groom her for a leadership role. "Her rare blend of product and design sensibility, leadership and grit will make her a tremendous asset to Sequoia founders and our team,  Sequoia partner Roelof Botha wrote in an e-mail.

Botha said he and partner Alfred Lin heard Lee speak at a tech conference in 2012, were immediately impressed and began getting to know her. Botha invited her to join Sequoia when Yahoo acquired Polyvore last year; she wasn't interested. She said she felt loyal to her coworkers at Polyvore and Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, whom she had known since her days at Google. This spring, conversations heated up again, and Lee accepted.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Sequoia added Mike Vernal as a partner in May, the first addition since the departure of Michael Goguen, a longtime partner who left this year after he was sued for alleged sexual abuse. (Sequoia quickly severed all ties with him, and Goguen countersued for extortion.) Botha said Sequoia may add one more partner; he was vague on timing and other details. "If we have a more diverse group, we will make better decisions," he said.

 With Olivia Zaleski 
2016-08-26
Yahoo's Remain Co.: Cash Return Timing Is Key Earlier this year I claimed in "Revisiting My Yahoo Investment" that I would hold on to my Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares post the core business spinoff. At the time Yahoo was five weeks away from accepting its final round bids. We now have a near certain Verizon (NYSE:VZ) acquisition for $4.8 billion in cash, pending a yet unscheduled vote, in exchange for Yahoo's operating business, less cash. While the deal in theory was thought to unlock Yahoo's underlying value, shares remained stagnant on the news, only rising recently due to exceptional Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) performance. There continue to be many uncertainties regarding potential dividends, buyback programs, and the tax implications surrounding Remain Co. (the cash, Alibaba shares, Yahoo Japan (TYO:4689) shares, the non-core patent portfolio that Verizon will not acquire, and minority investments), which compels me to ask myself if the wait will be worth it.

(source: Slate)

Possible Cash Return Programs

There have been numerous sum of parts calculations for Remain Co. calculated by experienced analysts (and many Seeking Alpha commenters). Some calculations point to a share price greater than $50, or a market cap greater than $47 billion; others show that shares are fully valued at $43 per share considering all potential tax implications. I encourage you to read and analyze multiple Remain Co. valuation summaries.

What can be valued with relative certainty in Remain Co. is the cash return; particularly, calculating the net impact of the cash on YHOO shares from current values. Yahoo's cash and marketable securities balance was $7.7 billion as of June 30th. A $4.8 billion cash infusion would adjust that balance to $12.5 billion. Yahoo's board stated during the Verizon acquisition earnings call that Remain Co. will "return substantially all the cash", not seek to invest it.

Depending on the appointed managers, there are two probable scenarios Remain Co. management will take with this cash: declare a special cash dividend of the $4.8 billion generated from the Verizon acquisition, and use the remaining $7.7 billion for share repurchases; or allocate all the cash to a buyback program. In both cases it is likely the buybacks will be a multi-year program, as I will discuss later.

Before diving into these scenarios it is important to mention that the tax situations surrounding Yahoo and Remain Co. remain unclear. In addition, the bulk of YHOO price is correlated to BABA; changes in BABA's stock price from the time of writing will impact the share price and the shares Remain Co. will be able to purchase in the following calculations.

Immediate Dividend + Buyback

One possible scenario of cash return involves Remain Co. management distributing the $4.8 billion from the spinoff in the form of a cash dividend. Shareholders would receive $5.05 per share (give or take a few cents, depending on the official share count at the time of the dividend). Post tax, assuming a qualified dividend tax rate of 15%, this results in $4.2925 in realized cash value per share; representing a 10% return on Yahoo's current share price as of this writing.

The remaining $7.7 billion would then be allocated to repurchasing Remain Co. stock. Per the SEC's Rule 10b-18, a public company can only purchase 25% of the average daily volume of the company's common shares per trading day. Using Yahoo's ten-day average trading volume (which mutes the late July heavy trading volume resulting from the acquisition announcement), the average trading volume of Remain Co. can be assumed to be 9.96 million shares. At this level Remain Co. would only be able to purchase 2.49 million shares per day. At current value, $7.7 billion would buy back 167 million shares (adjusting for share appreciation due to reduced outstanding shares), resulting in a theoretical share price of $50.80; an appreciation of 20.4%.

Buyback Only

The other popular option seems to be a buyback only program, with no direct shareholder dividend. The benefit of this program being the cash from the Verizon acquisition will not be taxed.

Assuming the entire $12.5 Billion cash balance is dedicated to buybacks, at its current market value this would result in Remain Co. purchasing back 256 million shares (again, adjusting for price increases related to reduced outstanding shares) resulting in a share price of $57.32; an appreciation of 35.8%. For long term shareholders of Remain Co. this is presumably the more favorable option.

Timing

The timing of any potential buyback programs remain yet unclear. The Verizon transaction is expected to close in Q1 2017. Using the 25% rule and an average trading volume of 9.96 million shares, the earliest Remain Co. could buy back $7.7 billion worth of stock is 68 trading days (just over three months); the earliest it could buy back $12.5 billion worth of stock is 103 trading days (five months). Therefore, unless the market's sentiment around this stock changes, the earliest shareholders would realize the full benefit of Remain Co.'s cash return program would be Q3 2017 or later.

Again, this is assuming the extreme and unrealistic case where Remain Co. repurchases 2.49 million shares on the open market every trading day. Realistically, average volume could decrease prolonging the buyback program, or Remain Co. may decide on an extended repurchase program. For example, a more reasonable eight-quarter repurchase program would essentially guarantee Remain Co. stock an annual growth rate of 16% (without factoring the performance of Alibaba or Yahoo Japan). If Alibaba decreases in value, Remain Co. management may be more aggressive in buybacks; likewise, if Alibaba continues to beat Street estimates, management may wait to repurchase shares at more reasonable levels.

Conclusion

The timing of the cash return is arguably the most important variable for current or potential investors, perhaps more important than any unrealized tax drawbacks. There is clearly value here for patient investors: the market continues to discount Yahoo shares at a lower value than its two remaining investments; there is a chance Alibaba may buy Remain Co. for a premium; and Yahoo's board has commented a taxable Alibaba share distribution is unlikely, for the same reasons the original proposal was abandoned.

Yet, if shares remain undervalued, and an aggressive five month, $12.5 billion buyback program to realize a sub-35% price appreciation (sub-35% because cash is still needed to manage Remain Co.) being improbable, perhaps it would be wise for Remain Co. investors to realize some of their gains (or losses) in YHOO and invest elsewhere. Unless, of course, a prosperous Alibaba is your reason for holding.

For my money, I believe it is inefficient to wait another two to four quarters to begin the process of realizing a potential 20 - 30% return. There are companies that I feel more comfortable investing in than Remain Co. in that time. Companies like Disney (NYSE:DIS) or Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) may require similar patience, but conversely provide a 2% dividend yield and have adequate share repurchase programs, on top of a 20+% return potential.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Yahoo Esports and ESL Team Up for Live Streaming & Content Partnership SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today announced that Yahoo Esports is entering into a two year agreement with ESL, the world s largest esports company, to bring esports to mainstream audiences via distribution across Yahoo s properties. Additionally, Yahoo Esports and ESL will collaborate on the development of new tournaments to be covered and distributed by Yahoo, with new exciting integrated sponsorship opportunities for advertisers.

As part of the agreement, Yahoo Esports and ESL will work together to distribute Yahoo s unique storytelling and in-depth coverage of ESL s major events, including the ESL One and IEM global competitive series. Yahoo Esports will live stream ESL produced tournaments in HD quality throughout the world and promote content globally to esports fans across Yahoo properties. To help brands be part of this action, Yahoo Esports is offering advertisers integrated content sponsorship opportunities within both its esports coverage and new tournament offerings.

 Our Yahoo Esports team is extremely excited to be partnering with ESL to bring greater coverage of its leading esports events, as well as innovate in new competitive formats and content offerings that we are sure will excite both fans and advertisers alike,  said Zachary John, VP of Yahoo Video and Esports.  Yahoo s unique storytelling, highly talented editorial staff and global scale are a great combination with ESL s experience and leadership in the space. 

 ESL in a unique position to be able to offer access to some of the world s best esports competitions, and having a partner like Yahoo Esports means we will not only reach a broader audience with a supreme quality broadcast, but also deliver exclusive editorial content for esports fans worldwide,  said Nik Adams, Senior VP of Sales at ESL.  Yahoo Esports is a fantastic partner to team up with for the broadcast and coverage of our key events, and we are looking forward to working with them on new and exciting content for our viewers. 

Yahoo Esports successfully launched in March as the premier destination for delivering professional esports coverage across major games and events, coupled with a comprehensive product experience. With an emphasis on unique video content experiences covering live tournaments, Yahoo Esports reaches a global audience and is across platform including recent launches on both iOS and Android. With world class experts and talent including Travis Gafford, Taylor Cocke, Dylan Walker and Michael Martin, Yahoo Esports covers the top competitive games including  League of Legends,   Counter-Strike: Global Offensive,   Dota 2,   Street Fighter V ,  Heroes of the Storm , as well as major topics and personalities in the esports industry.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

About ESL

ESL is the world's largest esports company, leading the industry across the most popular video games with numerous online and offline competitions. It operates high profile, branded international and national leagues and tournaments such as the Intel  Extreme Masters, ESL One, ESL National Championships and other top tier stadium-size events, as well as grassroots amateur cups, leagues and matchmaking systems. ESL covers a broad field of services in gaming technology, event management, advertising and television production, fully catering to the needs of the esports ecosystem. With offices in North America, Germany, Russia, France, Poland, Spain, China, and partners in many other countries, it has a truly global footprint. www.eslgaming.com Yahoo Email Privacy Deal OK'd With $4M In Attys' Fees Yahoo Email Privacy Deal OK'd With $4M In Attys' Fees

Law360, Los Angeles (August 26, 2016, 6:39 PM EDT) -- Yahoo Inc. will stop scanning emails for advertising purposes before users have a chance to read them, among other changes, and pay $4 million in attorneys' fees to settle a privacy class action, according to a deal approved Thursday by a California federal judge.



U.S. District Judge Lucy H. Koh's approval firms up a settlement first proposed in January, granting Girard Gibbs LLP and Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP's request for $4 million in attorneys' fees to compensate them for litigating the case for two years....

To view the full article, register now. Inc. 5000 Welcomes Madrivo to 2016 List of Fastest Growing US Companies NEW YORK, Aug. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Madrivo was ranked among the fifteen fastest growing private marketing / advertising companies in the US, with revenues of over $25 million. With revenues totaling over $32.4 Million in 2015, Madrivo grew by 594% over the past three years. Madrivo's growth is attributed to a method of consistent digital innovation and process-focus implemented globally. The performance marketing agency operates internationally and is headquartered in the heart of Las Vegas and plans to continue growing through organic innovation and acquisition in 2017. With the unique combination of top-tier talent and seasoned management, along with industry-leading technology and clear focus, Madrivo plans on continued growth through the expansion of digital media channels and brands.

Madrivo is a top ranked performance marketing agency that continues to gain recognition from some of the best brands in business and in affiliate marketing. Today, Madrivo takes pride in ranking among the top-15 marketing & advertising agencies in the US with revenues of over $25 million on the 2016 Inc. 5000 List of Fastest Growing Private Companies. More

This is Inc. magazine's 35th annual Inc. 5000, the most prestigious ranking of the nation's fastest-growing private companies. The list represents a unique look at the most successful companies within the American economy's most dynamic segment  its independent businesses. Companies such as Microsoft, Dell, Domino's Pizza, Pandora, Timberland, LinkedIn, Yelp, Zillow, and many other well-known names gained their first national exposure as honorees of the Inc. 5000.

Madrivo CEO, Ronen Hamatian, adds "The entire Madrivo team works tirelessly to ensure that our clients are getting the best in affiliate marketing. It is an honor to be ranked among some of the biggest brands in America, some of which we even work with. I am proud of not only Madrivo's growth, but every company that is ranked on the Inc. 5000."

The 2016 Inc. 5000 is the most competitive crop in the list's history. The average company on the list achieved a mind-boggling three-year growth of 433%. The Inc. 5000's aggregate revenue is $200 billion, and the companies on the list collectively generated 640,000 jobs over the past three years, or about 8% of all jobs created in the entire economy during that period. Not only are these companies contributing to their own growth, but also to the growth of our nation.

"The Inc. 5000 stands out where it really counts," says Inc. President and Editor-In-Chief Eric Schurenberg. "It honors real achievement by a founder or a team of them. No one makes the Inc. 5000 without building something great   usually from scratch. That's one of the hardest things to do in business, as every company founder knows. But without it, free enterprise fails."

About Madrivo:

Madrivo, an integrated online marketing agency, quickly gained recognition as a leader in affiliate marketing and is the first company to ever debut as a Top CPA Network on mThink's Revenue Performance Blue Book Survey. In addition, Madrivo is recognized by Forbes, MarCom, and Digiday as a top digital media agency. Madrivo helps brands optimize lead generation, customer acquisition, and brand awareness strategies through proven and trusted online publishing channels including email, mobile, social, video, and display advertising. Madrivo's network hand selects the highest performing and most compliant publishers in the affiliate marketing space and matches them with elite advertisers and household brand names that demand the very best from affiliate traffic channels.

Read More Yahoo Esports and ESL team up for live streaming & content partnership  
2016-08-02
Employees have questions; Yahoo has answers on Verizon deal Yahoo (YHOO -0.7% ) has answered employee questions about its deal to be acquired by Verizon (VZ -1.3% ) for $4.8B, and one loomed larger than others: The company says there won't be layoffs between now and the deal's completion, set for Q1.

Yahoo has laid off at least 1,600 since initiating cuts in February. And while job losses may be off for now, analysts had predicted heavy workforce cuts in the eventuality that Yahoo were acquired by someone like Verizon.

"At this time, Yahoo is not planning any layoffs in anticipation of the transaction closing," the company said in one of two sets of answers (SEC filing). "Prior to the transaction closing, we will continue to operate our business independently, focus on achieving our corporate goals and manage employee performance in the ordinary course of business." Will there be layoffs after the transaction closes? "That is a decision for Verizon."

On CEO Marissa Mayer: "Marissa is committed to Yahoo, its employees and its stockholders and plans to see the company through the next phase of its transition to Verizon ... Post-closing Verizon will determine the leadership structure of the combined entity."

As expected, what's left after the Internet assets and real estate go -- now called "RemainCo" -- will retain stakes in Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan along with non-core IP, and be renamed as a registered investment company. Employee shareholders of Yahoo stock will continue to hold RemainCo stock after the closing. Is Twitter Inc (TWTR) a Buyout Target Like Yahoo? Twitter Inc ( TWTR ) shares edged higher amid speculation by an analyst who thinks the company may make an attractive buyout target following its disappointing earnings report.

This isn t the first time Twitter has been floated as a good target. Certainly there s no denying that the micro-blogging platform is being left in the dust.

Twitter, Yahoo Left Out in the Cold

Investing.com shared their weekly comic with ValueWalk last week, and it certainly is timing. It shows Apple Inc ( AAPL ), Google ( GOOG ) and Facebook Inc s ( FB ) management toasting their success with Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) and Twitter left out in the cold. Yahoo figuratively shows its age with CEO Marissa Mayer hobbling away from the party using a cane, and Twitter  Well, Twitter was never even invited to the party as its bird hovers outside the window, peaking in to see what s going on.

Will Google or Microsoft come to Twitter s rescue?

In a report dated July 27, FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyrafi reiterated his  outperform  rating on Twitter but trimmed his price target from $20 to $19 per share. He s one of a very few analysts who have the equivalent of a  buy  rating on the struggling social media network. He sees the potential for a buyout as growing and notes that as Twitter s share price declines, its buyout value becomes more and more compelling.

Further, he said a greater and greater portion of the company s value is coming from its take-out value.

He noted that LinkedIn s and Yahoo s buyouts followed  relatively poor  earnings results in both cases. Additionally, he believes Microsoft Corporation ( MSFT ) and Verizon Communications ( VZ ) could both derive value from Twitter, although he sees an even greater value for Google parent Alphabet.

Is Twitter the next Yahoo?

So this begs the question: Is Twitter the next Yahoo? If so, the implications are two-fold. Of course in the near term, it means a road that becomes increasingly difficult, both for the company itself and its investors. In the long term though, it could mean a buyout if Seyrafi and others are correct.

Morgan Stanley ( MS ) analyst Brian Nowak took the fully bearish side of the argument about Twitter potentially being the next Yahoo. The micro-blogging platform finally beat expectations for monthly active users, but the problem is that advertisers have begun to throw in the towel as it is having a difficult time getting them to spend money on a platform that has shown zero to lackluster growth.

Nowak highlighted the similarities between Twitter and Yahoo and the difficulties encountered when it comes to trying to fix ad-based Internet platforms. He noted that Yahoo s display ad revenue started falling in the fourth quarter of 2011 and has been struggling since then, and Twitter s third quarter guidance implies a deceleration in ad revenue growth to 4%. This implied deceleration comes despite greater inorganic benefits from the NFL live-streaming deal, Rio Olympics and political advertising.

He continues to rate Twitter at  underweight  and cut his price target to $13.25 per share.

TWTR s buyout valuation similar to Yahoo s?

So how much might a suitor pay for Twitter in a buyout situation? Nowak pegs the valuation at five times his firm s bear case 2017 non-GAAP EBITDA estimate, which is about comparable to the value Verizon paid for Yahoo, he said.

Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. (USA) ( OPY ) analyst Jason Helfstein and team considered the potential of a buyout as well in their July 26 report, but they believe suitors will only be interested if Twitter s live-streaming deals actually work in driving engagement. He suggests that a  large media company  might buy the micro-blogging platform for ten to 13 times, compared to the 12.6 time was trading at following the earnings release last week, if live video drives engagement.

Additionally, he believes the micro-blogging platform will try to maximize its EBITDA/ free cash flow to drive a sales price that s as high as possible.

More From InvestorPlace Yahoo investigating whether 200 million user accounts were hacked Yahoo! Inc., the largest U.S. Web portal, said it s investigating claims that a hacker is offering to sell user account details stolen in a data breach.

The same hacker who previously sold data taken from LinkedIn and MySpace has posted information from 200 million Yahoo accounts on a dark web marketplace, Motherboard reported yesterday. The data up for sale includes user names, scrambled passwords and birth dates. The stolen information being offered is most likely from 2012, Motherboard reported, citing the hacker, who uses the name Peace.

 We are committed to protecting the security of our users  information and we take any such claim very seriously,  Yahoo said in a statement.  Our security team is working to determine the facts. Yahoo works hard to keep our users safe, and we always encourage our users to create strong passwords, or give up passwords altogether by using Yahoo Account Key, and use different passwords for different platforms. 

article continues below advertisement

Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo last week agreed to be acquired by Verizon Communications Inc. for $4.83 billion. Its web services still draw about a billion monthly users overall. Elisa D. Garcia Named Chief Legal Officer of Macy's, Inc. CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Macy s, Inc. (NYSE:M) today announced that Elisa D. Garcia will be joining Macy s, Inc. as Chief Legal Officer, effective Sept. 7, 2016. She succeeds Dennis J. Broderick, who will retire as the company s General Counsel and Secretary, effective Oct. 1, 2016, after 29 years of service.

Garcia, 58, brings 16 years of broad-ranging experience as a corporate general counsel for major consumer-facing companies. Garcia joined Office Depot, Inc. in 2007 as EVP/General Counsel and Secretary, and became Chief Legal Officer in 2013. For the seven years prior to Office Depot, Garcia was EVP/General Counsel and Secretary of Domino s Pizza, Inc.

Earlier in her career, Garcia served as Regional Counsel, Latin America for Philip Morris International, International and Corporate Counsel for GAF Corporation, and a Corporate Finance Associate with the law firm of Willkie Farr & Gallagher.

A native of New York City, Garcia s law degree is from the St. John s University School of Law in New York. She holds bachelor s and master s degrees from the State University of New York at Stony Brook. She will be relocating to New York City upon joining Macy s, Inc.

 Elisa Garcia is an experienced leader in corporate law with an outstanding track record and credentials. She is another example of the industry-leading talent attracted to our company, and we look forward to the positive impact she will make as part of Macy s leadership team,  said Terry J. Lundgren, Macy s, Inc. chairman and chief executive officer.

Garcia will report to Lundgren and serve on Macy s Executive Committee.

 We also salute the career of Dennis Broderick, who has been instrumental in guiding our company though a wide range of complex matters over the past three decades, a period of significant evolution and growth for our company,  Lundgren said.

Broderick, 67, has served as general counsel since 1990 and Secretary since 1993. He joined the company in 1987 as vice president and deputy general counsel. Previously, Broderick was assistant general counsel at The Firestone Tire & Rubber Company and, prior to that, practiced law with the firm of Hohn, Loeser, Freedhaim, Dean & Wellman in Cleveland. Broderick is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame and earned his law degree from Georgetown University.

Macy s, Inc., with corporate offices in Cincinnati and New York, is one of the nation s premier retailers, with fiscal 2015 sales of $27.079 billion. The company operates about 870 stores in 45 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico under the names of Macy s, Bloomingdale s, Bloomingdale s Outlet, Macy s Backstage and Bluemercury, as well as the macys.com, bloomingdales.com and bluemercury.com websites. Bloomingdale s in Dubai is operated by Al Tayer Group LLC under a license agreement.

(Note: additional information on Macy s, Inc., including past news releases, is available at www.macysinc.com/pressroom)

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160802006886/en/ NIKE, Inc. Launches New Nike+ App BEAVERTON, Ore.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

NIKE, Inc. (NKE) today launched its anticipated new Nike+ app, which gives athletes personal access to Nike s signature services, including its most-coveted products, expert guidance and live events, all in one easy-to-access place, as only Nike can do. Nike also announced that it will open its first digital studio in NYC, focused on accelerating the company s digital connection to consumers.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160802005760/en/

 Our consumers want instant access to the best of Nike and we re excited to be offering expanded Nike+ services, personalized to athletes everywhere,  said Trevor Edwards, President, Nike Brand.  Digital enables us to better serve our consumers across our business and we will continue to invest in our digital portfolio of services and connect with athletes anytime, anywhere. 

Available today on iOS and Android in the U.S., the Nike+ app is a personalized service providing consumers with easy access to the best of Nike. The Nike+ app adapts to each consumer s preferences   serving up the best, most relevant product recommendations as well as access to NIKEiD customization options within the personal store. Consumers will receive Nike+ Reserved For You invitations comprised of special products and events selected and set aside for them based on their preferences. The app also features a personalized feed with curated stories, created by world class athletes, experts and the Nike brand, all tailored to their interests.

By downloading the app, consumers can become Nike+ members, unlocking benefits like free shipping and 30-day product trials. Additionally, consumers can book Nike+ Training Club and Nike+ Run Club live sessions, spots at special Nike events or Nike+ 1:1 s with experts in-store, through the app.

To accelerate its commitment to digital innovation, Nike will open a new digital studio based in New York City, focused on pioneering engaging, consumer experiences across the Nike Digital portfolio. The digital studio will house a newly acquired team of talented tech entrepreneurs, formerly of Virgin Mega, who will initially work on expanding the community and functionality of Nike s core mobile experiences to better serve athletes everywhere. This team of mobile experts is at the center of technology, culture and commerce and will enable Nike to capitalize on the latest market and consumer opportunities.

 I m excited about the expertise that the NYC digital studio will bring to Nike,  said Adam Sussman, Nike s VP and Chief Digital Officer.  This new team will greatly advance our efforts to build strong, authentic connections to our consumers by delivering fun, innovative experiences, easy access to our products, and robust community engagement. 

The Nike+ app is available today on iOS and Android in the U.S. For more information on Nike+ go to Nike.com.

About NIKE, Inc. NIKE, Inc., based near Beaverton, Oregon, is the world's leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories for a wide variety of sports and fitness activities. Wholly owned NIKE, Inc. subsidiaries include Converse Inc., which designs, markets and distributes athletic lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories; and Hurley International LLC, which designs, markets and distributes surf and youth lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories. For more information, Nike s earnings releases and other financial information are available at http://investors.nike.com. Individuals can also visit http://news.nike.com/ and follow @Nike.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160802005760/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160802005760/en/ 
2016-12-02
Analyst: Verizon-Yahoo Deal Likely (VZ, YHOO) Ever since Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) and Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) reported their quarterly earnings results, both have been silent on the prospects for Verizon s $4.8 billion deal to buy Yahoo s core assets.

After all both sides are still trying to figure out the impact from a massive data breach that could have compromised the data of close to half a million Yahoo customers.

But the investment firm Gabelli & Co. thinks the deal will ultimately go through. In a research note covered by Barron s, Gabelli said that while the price of the deal may be renegotiated, it will go through given the importance Yahoo is to Verizon s digital media strategy.  The lawyers from both companies are discussing the situation and overall evaluation process may be relatively lengthy,  said Gabelli analyst Sergey Dluzhevskiy, who recommends purchasing shares of Verizon. The analyst noted a closing could be delayed as the two sides hammer things out.

Verizon Still Needs Yahoo

For Verizon, closing on the Yahoo deal is becoming more important as its peers in the wireless industry are making moves to build up their content offering. AT&T Inc. is the biggest example with its pending acquisition of Time Warner Inc., but T-Mobile US Inc. is also getting into the content game in a bigger way. Just this week, T-Mobile announced it entered into a multiyear partnership with Marcus Lemonis, host of CNBC's  The Profit.  On the show, the serial entrepreneur works to help people running failing businesses find a way to turn things around. Under the deal, Lemonis will produce events across the country focused on coaching entrepreneurs on how to grow their businesses. The mobile carrier and the entrepreneur will also launch a video series called "Whiteboard Wednesdays." (See also: T-Mobile Teams with Lemonis to Help Entrepreneurs.)

When it comes to Verizon and its media strategy, the company is aiming to grow its online advertising business with its purchase of AOL. The idea is to take on Facebook and Alphabet s Google. Its acquisition of Yahoo s core assets is supposed to aid that strategy. Verizon is also investing in media companies, particularly ones that have tens of millions of younger followers, even if they are not household names. Verizon thinks the day will come when media will be turned on its head by upstart media companies, and it wants to be ahead of he curve. Complex Media and AwesomenessTV are two purchases aimed at meeting that end. 
2016-03-25
Rick Hill Vs. Marissa Mayer: Who Should Run Yahoo?  Valuing Yahoo, Valeant: What'd You Miss? (Full Show 3/24) NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

53:34 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo's Board Battle: Bloomberg West (Full Show 03/24) NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

53:50 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-02-04
Yahoo stock upgraded on buyout potential Shares of Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% rose 1% in premarket trade Thursday after the company was upgraded to buy from neutral/high risk at Citi. The bank raised its outlook two days after Yahoo reported stronger-than-expected revenue growth and in-line earnings for its most recent quarter, announced layoffs and said its board was exploring  strategic alternatives.  Citi analyst Mark May said the company's disappointing guidance will likely increase pressure on management and the board to seriously consider buyout options, and because of that, now sees the risk/reward for Yahoo investors as favorable. May also raised his price target on the stock by a dollar to $32. Shares of Yahoo have fallen 21% over the last three months, versus a 9% decline for the S&P 500. They were on track to open around $28 on Thursday. 
2016-11-15
Insider Selling Alert: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Groupon ... Smart Stock news highlights Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Groupon Inc (NASDAQ:GRPN) recent insider selling activity. The details of each are as follows:

Alphabet Inc.

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond unloaded 1,000 shares (this totals 9% of his direct stake in the company) on November 14. These shares were worth $755,600. Following this, Mr. Drummond owns 9,748 shares, worth $7,342,389.

Yahoo Inc.

Chief Revenue Officer Lisa Utzschneider sold 339 shares, (this totals 0.1% of his direct stake in the company) on November 10. These shares were worth $14,085. Following this transaction, Ms. Lisa owns 596,101 shares, which are worth $23,46,769.

Groupon Inc.

General Counsel and Secretary Dane A Drobny unloaded 42,930 shares (this totals 12% of his direct stake in the company) on November 9. These shares were worth $164,851. Following this, Mr. Drobny owns 322,107 shares, worth $1,288,428. 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Mobile advertising is one of the fastest growing markets in the world, but it doesn t seem to be helping Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ). Wall Street has been throwing in the towel for TWTR stock. Year-to-date, Twitter stock is off about 17% to $19   the price was as high as $69 a few years ago.

It s true that TWTR stock has been a pretty good vehicle for quick-trigger traders who play both the long and short sides of a transaction.

If anything, this will likely remain the case, as volatility appears to be the norm for the Twitter stock price.

But for those thinking of taking a buy-and-hold strategy, this could be dangerous to your portfolio. Whenever a digital company loses its mojo, it is tough to get back into gear. Just look at companies like Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) and AOL. In some cases, the outcome is a harrowing death spiral, as seen with the implosion of MySpace.

So why is TWTR stock something to avoid for those who have a long-term bent? Let s take a look at three key factors.

Twitter Stock Problem No. 1: The User Syndrome

User growth is the oxygen for social media companies. It has driven companies like Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) to massive market caps.

But of course, Twitter has had a much different experience as user growth has stalled. In Q3, monthly active users inched up a mere 3%. By comparison, FB was able to pump up its base by a hefty 16%.

So what is at the heart of the user issues? I think the service is relatively difficult to use. How many people really understand things like hashtags? And can people even explain the purpose of TWTR   especially compared to something like FB?

Besides, it also does not help that the CEO of the company, Jack Dorsey, is on a part-time basis. He also is at the helm of Square Inc (NYSE: SQ ).

Twitter Stock Problem No. 2: Monetization Breakdown

The financials for Twitter stock are rapidly deteriorating. In Q3, revenues increased by only 8.2% and the net loss came to $102.8 million. To put this into perspective, the top-line spiked by 58% in the same period a year ago!

It has been a stunning collapse, and there are few signs that the situation will improve anytime soon. The end of the U.S. election will certainly mean less engagement for the TWTR platform. And some of the recent efforts by the company, such as live-streaming of NFL games, have not caught much fire.

What to do? For the most part, Twitter has little choice but to cut back. So the company has recently announced a 9% reduction of the global workforce. But much of this will be concentrated on sales, marketing and partnerships, which are critical for monetization.

Twitter Stock Problem No. 3: Brutal Competition

Twitter still has a large user base, a strong global brand and unique real-time broadcasting capability. But all this may not be enough. Let s face it, TWTR stock has the perception of being a laggard   almost looking as if it is of a bygone era of technology.

Next Page 
2016-04-28
Yahoo! Reaches Board Seats Deal With Starboard (YHOO) Yahoo Inc. (YHOO), which is in the process of trying to find a buyer, has reached a deal with the activist investment firm Starboard LP, marking a turning point in a battle that has raged for nearly two years. Starboard will receive four board seats, Yahoo said in a statement on Wednesday. (See also: Yahoo: An Activist Investment Analysis.)

One seat will go to Starboard's CEO and Chief Investment Officer Jeff Smith, who will also join the committee in charge of finding a buyer for the company's core business. Two current Yahoo board members will step down, bringing the total number of seats from nine to 11.

In March, Starboard wrote a letter to Yahoo's shareholders, arguing that the board "clearly lacks the leadership, objectivity, and perspective needed to make decisions that are in the best interests of shareholders" and urging shareholders to bring in an entirely new set of directors. Wednesday's settlement marks a small victory for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who has come under fire for failing to turn the flagging tech giant around. She will keep her seat on the board for the time being.

Starboard began its push against Yahoo's leadership in September 2014, when it urged the company to buy AOL, which Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) purchased in 2015. The following month Starboard disclosed a 0.8% stake in Yahoo. Starboard's stake has since risen to 1.7%.

Yahoo has struggled to keep up with the changing tech landscape in recent years, losing ground in search and advertising to the likes of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (FB). Mayer, who took over in 2012, has seen shares more-than-double in value during her tenure, but a consensus has emerged, which she fought initially, that the company would be better off selling its core assets.

Yahoo failed to secure a favorable tax deal for spinning off its valuable stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA) and scrapped the idea in December. Since then it has been looking for buyers. Reports have named a wide range of suitors, but Verizon has emerged as the leading contender. (See also, If Verizon Bought Yahoo )

Yahoo reported an 11.3% year-over-year drop in revenues to $1.09 billion in the first quarter. The company lost $0.10 per share, in GAAP  terms, compared to earnings per share of $0.02 in the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP earnings slid from $0.15 to $0.08 year-over-year.

In Wednesday's statement, both Mayer and Smith called the deal with Starboard a "constructive" resolution and emphasized the goal of maximizing shareholder value. -$8 billion. The headquarters of in Sunnyvale, California, encompasses roughly 1 million square feet of waterfront office space, with floor-to-ceiling windows and views of San Francisco Bay. Yahoo owns the campus, as well as a 50-acre plot of land in Santa Clara that was once seen as a possible location for an expanded headquarters but which now contains a parking lot for the San Francisco 49ers. About 3,500 employees and contractors, many of them engineers with advanced computer science degrees , come to work in Sunnyvale; an additional 6,000 report to offices in Singapore, London, and two dozen or so other cities around the world . There s a research lab in Israel staffed by Ph.D.s and a media team that includes former Today show anchor Katie Couric . Yahoo owns thousands of patents, the broadcast rights to the entire Saturday Night Live back catalog, and an e-mail service with 250 million users. Jerry and David  s Guide to the World Wide Web, as Yahoo s founders first called their creation when they launched it 22 years ago , reaches more than 1 billion users each month and took in almost $5 billion in revenue in 2015.   You might think all of these assets would add up to something, but you d be wrong. Yahoo, when looked at in a certain way, is worth approximately -$8 billion. By Max Chafkin and Brian Womack April 28, 2016

The minus sign above isn t a typo. Think of Yahoo as a traditional enterprise (with all the assets just mentioned) stuck on top of a small safe deposit box. Inside that box: a huge pile of cash, plus stock certificates of two Asian tech companies. Yahoo owns about 15 percent of Internet giant Alibaba, a stake that would trade on the open market for roughly $29 billion. It also has a 36 percent holding (worth about $9 billion) in Yahoo! Japan, a publicly traded company based in Tokyo that long ago abandoned Yahoo s search technology for Google s. If you add up the cash and the stocks, you ll notice that the value of the contents of the box totals $43 billion. That s $8 billion more than the market capitalization of Yahoo, $35 billion, which includes the company and the stuff in that imaginary box. The implication: Everything you think of as Yahoo apps, websites, employees, computers, buildings has a negative value. A more charitable analysis, where one imagines Yahoo selling its stock and paying the full corporate tax rate, yields a depressing result: Its operating business might be worth $6 billion. Photograph: Yahoo/Flickr This discrepancy, or the  significantly negative value  of Yahoo s operating business, as the hedge fund Starboard Value put it in an exasperated letter in November, is also a withering assessment of Marissa Mayer, Yahoo s chief executive officer, who until recently was one of Silicon Valley s brightest stars.  It s hard to get someone of this caliber,  the venture capitalist Marc Andreessen said when Mayer s hiring was announced in 2012. Andreessen celebrated the move as a bold departure from what had been a series of ineffectual CEOs Mayer was the sixth in five years who d allowed Yahoo to fall behind Google and Facebook. Investors were charmed, as were the media, which found in Mayer, 40, something severely lacking in most techies: glamour. Mayer,  an unusually stylish geek,  as Vogue described her in 2013, was the rare Silicon Valley figure who could credibly attend both an all-night hackathon and a Met Gala after-party. Mayer s plan for Yahoo was straightforward, if hard to do: Develop products and revamp old ones to transform the mid 1990s-vintage company into a startup capable of exponential growth. It was an audacious idea, but Mayer seemed qualified to pull it off. A graduate of Stanford s Symbolic Systems Program, she was employee No. 20 at Google and the product manager responsible for the design of the search bar. Partly thanks to her eye for simplicity, Google became not just a searchable index of Web pages but, for many users, a synonym for the Internet itself. Mayer helped sideline Yahoo; now she was going to help save it. Given another three years the amount of time Mayer recently suggested she would need to complete a turnaround it s possible her high-risk strategy could bear fruit. But it seems less and less likely she ll be able to hang on anywhere near that long. In December, SpringOwl Asset Management, a small activist hedge fund, published a 99-page litany of Yahoo s missteps, including by its calculation $2.8 billion spent on failed acquisitions, $450 million on free food, $9 million on new phones, and $7 million on a Great Gatsby-themed holiday party.  I don t think she has any management skills,  says Eric Jackson, managing director of SpringOwl. Mayer vigorously defended her turnaround in a February call with investors, during which the company also reported its largest-ever quarterly loss. She contended that Jackson s figures for the food and holiday party were  exaggerated by more than a factor of three,  while characterizing Yahoo s flat revenue as a sort of achievement.  Yahoo today is a far stronger, more modern company than the one I joined three and a half years ago,  she said, announcing layoffs of 15 percent of her staff and drastic cost-cutting measures.  I kind of wish the story hadn t been told that Yahoo was miraculously saved by Marissa  These moves haven t mollified investors. In March, Starboard Value, which once got the board of Darden Restaurants replaced by, among other things, criticizing Olive Garden for failing to salt its pasta water, announced that it would attempt to unseat Mayer and Yahoo s entire board if the company didn t sell itself first. (On April 27, Yahoo announced a compromise with Starboard, giving the hedge fund four board seats.) Yahoo is now in the midst of what it terms a  strategic review,  a nice way of saying  for sale.  Preliminary bids were due on April 18. According to someone who s seen them, the bids for Yahoo s core business range from $4 billion to $8 billion which, true, would be a big step up from  $8 billion. Among the candidates are Verizon and YP Holdings, better known as the publisher of the Yellow Pages. Mayer s position is so weak that when a Bloomberg Businessweek reporter and an editor visited the company s offices in New York to press the case for an interview, a security guard asked, unprompted, whether Mayer would keep her job. When the question was put back to him, he shook his head, grimaced, and tugged at his collar.  Those hedge fund guys,  he said,  they really don t like her.  Mayer, who declined multiple requests for comment, has said she hopes to stay at the company. But two people familiar with the thinking at Verizon, the leading candidate, say that s not the plan. The most commonly discussed charge against Mayer, which was distilled in an unauthorized biography by Business Insider reporter Nicholas Carlson, Marissa Mayer and the Fight to Save Yahoo!, is that she s guilty of micromanagement. In the book, Mayer is depicted as agonizing over such details as colors and fonts and is described as  robotic, stuck up, and absurd in her obsession with detail.  Privately, her defenders suggest these criticisms of Mayer are sexist. Micromanagement is a fetishized quality among many male CEOs Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, and Larry Page are all fluent in the minute details of their products. High-risk acquisitions and spare-no-expenses human resources policies are celebrated practices in Silicon Valley. Mayer s appointment, her defenders argue, represents a perfect illustration of the so-called glass cliff, where women promoted to the C-suite are set up for failure. The implication: Any turnaround at Yahoo was probably doomed from the start. There are CEOs who specialize in extracting cash from declining companies, but they re not common in Silicon Valley, and Mayer, who s spent her entire career at a highly profitable, fast-growing company, isn t one of them. She s what s known in the Valley as a product person, who, with the blessing of Yahoo s board and the enthusiastic encouragement of her peers, focused on an aggressive revamp of Yahoo s product portfolio, treating a stagnating media company as if it were Google or Facebook or the next big unicorn. Instead of scaling back Yahoo s ambitions (which would have certainly meant huge and immediate layoffs), she followed a well-worn path of tech evangelists who ve attempted long-shot corporate reinventions for instance, former Apple retail chief Ron Johnson and his short-lived rebranding of JCPenney, or Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, who had a brief and controversial stewardship of the New Republic magazine.  It s like a 39-year-old home run hitter who keeps swinging for the fences,  says Aswath Damodaran, a professor of finance at NYU s Stern School of Business and a Yahoo shareholder.  And all he does is keep striking out. 

 Revenue solves all known problems,  proclaimed a sign outside Mayer s office at Google. The slogan, which was popularized by Google s then-CEO Eric Schmidt, was meant as an exhortation to businesspeople not to fall back on financial engineering but to instead keep coming up with enormously profitable products and services.  It wasn t until I came here that I understood [the slogan],  says Dylan Casey, a Yahoo vice president for product management who reported to Mayer at Google.  When you have a fire hose of cash coming in, it s like,  Problems? Who cares?    Photograph: Yahoo/Flickr Yahoo once had a very fat hose: display advertising. But by the time Mayer arrived in July 2012, the use of its search engine had been declining for a decade and more recently, advertising rates had been flat. Banner ads look fine on desktop computers, but they don t work well on smaller screens. As a result, according to a person familiar with the company s finances, Yahoo was earning about a penny on mobile traffic for every dollar it made on desktops. Mayer saw that discrepancy as an opportunity.  The nice thing at Yahoo,  she said in an interview at the 2013 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland,  is we have all the content people want on their phones. We have these daily habits.  She implied that even Google might be vulnerable if Yahoo s apps and websites, such as Yahoo Finance, were tailored to their users, making people less likely to do traditional Internet searches.  There s always opportunities for new disruption,  she said. Photograph: Yahoo/Flickr Mayer backed up this bold talk with several small but, to employees, meaningful moves to energize Yahoo. She offered free gourmet meals in the cafeteria and issued employees new smartphones a must, she argued, at a company that would be developing apps. To get people to collaborate more, she banned telecommuting. She removed the high-walled cubicles, making the offices more open and startuplike, and began hosting weekly, companywide  FYI  meetings a practice borrowed from Google. She became a regular at Dev Random, an informal forum frequented by Yahoo s engineers and scientists. Even the quality of the coffee improved.  People were stopping me in the halls saying it s a different company,  says Senior Vice President Jay Rossiter, who resigned under Mayer s predecessor, Scott Thompson, and returned several months later under Mayer.  She made fundamental changes. The all-hands meetings. The goals. Those intangibles made a palpable difference in how people behave. Even the free food thing was huge. 

These changes, like pretty much everything Mayer has done at Yahoo, were widely and loudly criticized. Many HR experts, and Virgin Group CEO Richard Branson, portrayed Mayer s decision to end Yahoo s work-from-home program as heavy-handed  a backwards step,  Branson wrote in a blog post but few people seemed to notice it was a great deal less cruel than the 50 percent layoffs that many inside and outside the company had urged. The free lunches and phones, while initially praised as an inexpensive way to keep and attract talent, only later became evidence of Mayer s profligacy. She did improve Yahoo s hiring. At companies like Google and Facebook, recruiting is often cited as the most important challenge and she saw things no differently. Yahoo had only about 50 engineers working on its mobile apps, and Mayer set out to recruit hundreds more. She oversaw this personally and led an ambitious effort to acquire small companies with talented engineering teams. Yahoo had customarily spent three months performing due diligence on any company it acquired; under Mayer, startups could be wooed, bought, and situated in Sunnyvale in 10 days. Yahoo made some 20 acquisitions in her first year on the job. In the first quarter of 2013, for example, she acquired three tiny app companies (Snip.it, Propeld, Jybe) for a combined $10 million, bringing 16 employees, mostly mobile engineers, to Yahoo, according to LinkedIn searches. Although $10 million might sound like a lot for such a small group of people roughly half of whom have since left the company it s actually a decent value by Silicon Valley standards, where  acquihire  deals typically go for $1 million per employee. Mayer focused much of her energy creating advertising products for mobile phones and redesigning Yahoo s apps. Flickr, the widely used photo-sharing service, was revamped, as was Yahoo Mail and apps for News, Sports, Finance, and Fantasy Sports. Nick D Aloisio, who was just 17 years old when Mayer bought his app Summly for $30 million, adapted the product for Yahoo, relaunching it as Yahoo News Digest. The company also released a quirky messaging app, Livetext, that was designed to compete with Snapchat and WhatsApp. Photograph: Yahoo/Flickr Members of Mayer s executive team describe their boss as intense and exacting when it comes to product development. She conducted weekly reviews with product managers and personally approved any new hire during her first few months on the job.  Yahoo desperately needed someone who would ask the next question,  says Jeff Bonforte, a senior vice president who runs most of the company s mobile apps. Until Mayer,  no one was saying,  But why isn t it working?    Mayer has been known to stop meetings to correct the labels on a chart. That sort of thing can be off-putting, but Bonforte says it s a good thing.  She s auditing,  he says.  She s evaluating whether you have any competency and how worried she should be.  Mayer s biggest bet was on Tumblr, the New York-based social network. Like Yahoo, Tumblr had been struggling to sell ads and wasn t increasing its audience on mobile phones nearly as quickly as rivals such as Snapchat and Instagram. It was, in other words, another old company trying to seem young.  Tumblr and Yahoo had complementary neuroses,  says Chris Mohney, Tumblr s former editor-in-chief, who left a month before the acquisition was announced. Yahoo bought it for $1.1 billion in the spring of 2013, similar to what Facebook had paid for Instagram, and Mayer promised  not to screw it up.  Earlier this year, Yahoo announced it had written down Tumblr s value by $230 million.  It s as if Yahoo took an above-ground pool, dumped it into a bucket, and said,  Wow, we re really filling up this bucket fast    In some ways, Mayer s strategy has worked. Yahoo s apps have received stellar marks from both reviewers and users, and the company has created new lines of business that accounted for $390 million in revenue last quarter.  Mavens as a revenue source didn t exist at all in 2011 and was nascent in 2012,  Mayer said proudly on the February earnings call, using an acronym that stands for  mobile, video, native advertising, social.  Yahoo has more than 600 million mobile users, up from about 150 million before she took the job. But those improvements are nowhere near big enough to turn the company around.  Marissa likes to present Mavens as though it should be compared to some nascent startup,  says SpringOwl s Jackson. But startups, he points out, don t begin with a billion users.  It s as if Yahoo took an above-ground pool, dumped it into a bucket, and said,  Wow, we re really filling up this bucket fast,    he says. And that traffic isn t necessarily users delighting in Mayer s new products and telling their friends; much of it comes from Yahoo paying ever-larger sums to other companies to direct their users to Yahoo s sites and apps. It paid almost $900 million in traffic acquisition fees in 2015, up from $200 million in 2014. Predictably, Yahoo users are spending less and less time with its sites. A report by The Information, a tech news site, showed that as of early December, the average time spent on Yahoo properties had declined 32 percent for Yahoo Mail, 29 percent for the home page, and 20 percent for Tumblr over the previous 12 months. And many Yahoo critics point out that for all of Mayer s investments, she s yet to have a breakout hit. None of Yahoo s apps has cracked the top 50 in the iPhone s U.S. app store this year, according to data from mobile research firm App Annie. Yahoo News Digest feels innovative, but it s less popular than apps for a bunch of local TV stations; Livetext was shut down earlier this year. Many of Mayer s high-profile acquihires like D Aloisio, the programming prodigy have left.  A lot of talented people saw the writing on the wall,  says Shashi Seth, a former senior vice president who departed in 2013. Even Facebook has flops. In December it quietly discontinued three apps Rooms, Slingshot, and Riff but no one seemed to notice because the company s revenue grew 44 percent in 2015. (Revenue solves all known problems.) Livetext s demise, on the other hand, was described as a  fiasco  in SpringOwl s presentation. Yahoo employees say the experience was a perfect expression of what Silicon Valley types call a  fail fast  mentality. ( Failure and speed are inherently linked,  Mayer said in a 2012 radio interview.  Failure is totally OK. As long as you fail fast. )  People got mad at Livetext as an example of something that went wrong,  says Bonforte.  Livetext was something that went right. It s a sign of a healthy company that will experiment.  How could Wall Street and Yahoo s senior managers reach such different conclusions? Mostly because they ve always been focused on different parts of the business. Yahoo s stock price shot up in 2013 and 2014, thanks to the soaring valuation of Alibaba. The press often presented the runup as a result of Mayer s turnaround, and Yahoo did little to discourage that perception. During her first few months as CEO, she resisted calls which today seem prescient to lay off large numbers of employees. (Mass layoffs would come, but years later.) In mid 2013, on her one-year anniversary, a group of Yahoo employees urged colleagues to  send [Mayer] a personal  Thank You  message for everything she s done for Yahoo! over the past year.  The messages were printed and bound as a coffee-table book, and according to an article in Vanity Fair the following spring, Yahoo passed out additional copies of the book.  I kind of wish the story hadn t been told that Yahoo was miraculously saved by Marissa,  says Bonforte.  I remember coming here and thinking, it s gonna be so hard.  
2016-10-14
Yahoo Announces Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Date SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will release its financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016, after market close on Tuesday, October 18, 2016. Due to the pending transaction with Verizon, Yahoo will not have an earnings call or webcast for its third quarter results. Concurrently with release of its financial results, supplemental financial information will also be posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at investor.yahoo.net.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo!, the Yahoo family of marks, and the associated logos are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc. Yahoo email forwarding is back Yahoo

Yahoo didn't earn any points earlier this month when it turned off the ability to forward your Yahoo email to an outside account. This followed the revelation in late September of a data breach that may have revealed data to hackers from up to half a billion user accounts.

On Monday, Yahoo commented on the freeze. "The feature was temporarily disabled as part of previously planned maintenance to improve its functionality between a user's various accounts" and should be back soon, the company said.

The ability to auto-forward was important for Yahoo email users who wanted to be able to forward incoming mail to an account on another email service, so they would not have to log into their Yahoo accounts directly, post-hack. If you had forwarding set up before the interruption, it still worked; only new attempts to set up mail forwarding were affected.

Michael Albers, vice president of product management for Yahoo Mail, said Friday in a company blog post that the auto-forward function is working now. "Last week, we temporarily disabled the ability to add new automatic forwarding in Yahoo Mail," he said. "As of today, auto-forward is enabled again for all Mail users. We apologize for the interruption."

Some users were suspicious about the timing of the auto-forwarding freeze. But as before, Yahoo cited platform updates as the reason.

"Why the pause?" Albers said. "Over the past year, Yahoo Mail has been upgrading its platform. This has allowed us to bring a better search experience to Yahoo Mail, add multiple account support, and improve performance as we quickly scale this new system globally. The feature was temporarily disabled as part of this process." Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s Kannaway, LLC to Introduce New Kannaway Premium Hemp ... SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - October 14, 2016) -

Medical Marijuana, Inc. (OTC PINK: MJNA) announced today that its portfolio company Kannaway, LLC, the first hemp lifestyle network marketing company to offer cannabidiol (CBD) hemp botanical products, is adding a new premium product, Kannaway Premium Hemp Oil, to its line of lifestyle products.

The Company will introduce the new Kannaway Premium Hemp Oil for the first time on Sat., Oct. 15, at a Kannaway Red Carpet Event in Denver, Co., where hundreds of interested hemp enthusiasts will be in attendance to meet Kannaway corporate and field leaders and learn about the business and new products.

Kannaway Premium Hemp Oil is a full-spectrum cannabinoid blend, extracted from the harvested hemp plant and packaged pure with no other ingredients or additives. A combination of raw and decarboxylated hemp oils, Kannaway Premium Hemp Oil is an excellent source of CBD and cannabidiolic-acid (CBD-A), as well as terpenoids, flavenoids, plant waxes, chlorophyll, vitamins, minerals, essential fatty acids and other trace cannabinoids. Each 15 gram tube has a total of 1,500 mgs of CBD.

"We're excited to provide our Kannaway Nation marketing representatives and Brand Ambassadors with this new Kannaway Premium Hemp Oil product to add to their exclusive portfolio of naturally high-CBD hemp oil products for consumers around the world only available through Kannaway," said Kannaway, LLC CEO Blake Schroeder. "We enjoy releasing these new products at our Red Carpet Events, where our brand ambassadors come together to network and hear from field leaders who are helping to build a successful company together -- person by person."

Kannaway's Denver, Colorado Red Carpet Event is being held on Saturday, Oct. 15 from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Click here for event details and specific location. Kannaway will also host an opportunity meeting prior to the Red Carpet Event from 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., where prospects can learn more about Kannaway from corporate executives and top leaders.

Kannaway brand ambassadors offer the world's first distribution opportunity of CBD hemp oil lifestyle products including:

Rev!ve  nutritional supplement featuring 50mg per tube of all-natural, non-GMO, plant-sourced CBD hemp oil in convenient 10-packs.

Rev!ve  Pro-X extra-strength nutritional supplement featuring 1,000mg per tube of all-natural, non-GMO, plant-sourced CBD hemp oil.

KannaKick  functional food energy chews with 5mg of CBD hemp oil and 100mg of caffeine (slightly more than a cup of coffee) per piece in sour apple, "icy," chocolate, citrus, and cinnamon flavors.

Cannabis Beauty DEFINED  luxury anti-aging cleanser, exfoliant, moisturizer, day & night serum, toner, salve, soak, and capsules. The DEFINED  capsules provide 8mg of CBD-rich hemp oil per capsule.

HempV P  the lifestyle vaporizer pen that offers interchangeable strawberry and honeydew flavored CBD-rich hemp oil cartridges.

For more information on Kannaway, click here to visit the Company website.

About Kannaway, LLC

Kannaway, LLC, is a network sales and marketing company specializing in the sales and marketing of hemp-based botanical products. Kannaway currently hosts weekly online sales meetings and conferences across the United States, offering unique insight and opportunity to sales professionals who are desirous of becoming successful leaders in the sale and marketing of hemp-based botanical products.

About Medical Marijuana, Inc.

Our mission is to be the premier hemp industry innovators, leveraging our team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. We strive to create awareness within our industry, develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses, while increasing shareholder value. For more information, please visit the company's website at: www.MedicalMarijuanaInc.com.

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA) DISCLOSURE These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease.

FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Medical Marijuana, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein.

LEGAL DISCLOSURE

Medical Marijuana, Inc. does not sell or distribute any products that are in violation of the United States Controlled Substances Act (US.CSA). The Company does grow, sell and distribute hemp-based products and are involved with the federally legal distribution of hemp-based products within certain international markets. Cannabidiol is a natural constituent of hemp oil. 
2016-12-16
Yahoo Sued Over New Hacks Affecting 1B Users Yahoo Sued Over New Hacks Affecting 1B Users

Law360, New York (December 15, 2016, 1:27 PM EST) -- A Yahoo user filed a putative class action Wednesday over the new data breach revealed only hours earlier to have affected 1 billion users, saying the company has betrayed its email customers.



New York resident Amy Vail is bringing claims for negligence, breach of express and implied contract, and violation of California s unfair competition law. Yahoo Inc. said Wednesday it believes hackers stole 1 billion users  personal information in 2013 by breaching their email accounts   separate from a similar incident revealed in September, though, according...

To view the full article, register now. The Morning Download: Yahoo Breach Highlights CIO Due Diligence Role Sign up here for The Morning Download, and get the most important news in business technology emailed to you each weekday morning. Good morning. Yahoo Inc. s recent disclosure of a 2013 breach affecting one billion user accounts leaves no doubt that IT policies   and problems   can shake M&A deals. CIOs, of course, know [ ] Verizon said to weigh more media, Ad deals amid yahoo turmoil Whether or not the $4.83 billion Yahoo deal goes through, the company is likely to look at purchasing digital media companies that could drive more traffic for Verizon s advertisers, a person familiar with the company s strategy said, asking not to be identified discussing private information. The snag over revelations of data breaches at Yahoo hasn t caused Verizon to waver in its commitment to building an advertising business that can rival Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc. s Google.

Verizon is betting that the future of video is mobile and is building a business to help advertisers target phone users by taking advantage of a wealth of data about their habits and preferences. To prime that pump, Verizon needs viewers   millions and millions of viewers.

The problem is that very few other companies have the user traffic and advertising know-how that Yahoo offers Verizon. Pandora Inc. and Twitter Inc. are among the few that might qualify, said Walt Piecyk, an analyst with BTIG LLC.

 Verizon is looking to add scale in 2017 and there are not many options left, which could even increase the attraction of companies like Pandora or Twitter,  Piecyk said.

Verizon declined to comment. Pandora and Twitter didn t immediately respond to requests for comment.

The $4.4 billion purchase of AOL Inc. gave Verizon media, ad technology and users. Verizon s interest in Yahoo is focused on the billion people who visit its sites including about 225 million active e-mail users. The status of that deal is in question due to the revelation Wednesday of a second breach and the theft of data from 1 billion user accounts. Verizon is now weighing whether to seek a lower price or back out of the deal, Bloomberg News reported Thursday, citing a person familiar with the matter.

Verizon s most prominent entertainment investment so far has been go90, a free, YouTube-like video streaming service targeted at teens and preteens. The service hasn t been a huge hit, so other media platforms that get more viewers could be attractive for Verizon.

 Unfortunately, there aren t a lot of big properties out there to be had,  said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson LLC.  At a time when Google and Facebook so thoroughly dominate the ad-supported online business, it s the nature of the game in new media that Verizon will have to focus on relatively small companies. 

Verizon s media strategy contrasts with that of its archnemesis AT&T Inc., which bought satellite provider DirecTV last year and is acquiring Time Warner Inc. in an $85.4 billion deal that will make the phone carrier one of the biggest producers of TV shows and movies in the world. Verizon told analysts in a meeting in New York this week that it isn t interested in old media like CBS Corp. and reiterated it that satellite TV distributor Dish Network Corp. isn t part of its plans.



If Verizon decides it makes sense to expand its TV or broadband services nationally, it could opt to acquire another network operator, said Amy Yong an analyst with Macquarie Capital USA Inc.

 I think they could go for distribution companies like Charter, Dish or fiber assets to accelerate 5G,  said Yong. Dish declined to comment, and Charter didn t immediately respond.

 Yahoo Lawsuit: Canadian Customers Want To Sue In $50-Million Class Action ADVERTISEMENT

TORONTO   Yahoo is now facing a proposed class action on behalf of Canadians whose personal information may have been stolen, according to a notice of action filed Friday.

The $50-million claim would take in Canadians whose user account information was stolen or whose email accounts were accessed in recent years.

According to the notice, the representative plaintiff, Natalia Karasik, of Barrie, Ont., received a letter from Yahoo on Thursday informing her that her information was part of a hack of its servers _ in 2013.



A person walks in front of a Yahoo sign at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif. in this 2014 file photo. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP via The Canadian Press)

Karasik, who could not immediately be reached, was unaware of the breach until she received the letter, the notice of action filed in Ontario Superior Court states. She has used email to chat about a wide range of personal information, including financial and health information, according to the notice.

"She's been using her Yahoo email account as her exclusive email system,'' lawyer Ted Charney said in an interview. "So, essentially, she's at risk for someone having access to all of her emails and everything she's done with her email account for a couple of years.''

Yahoo, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Hackers used 'forged cookie files'

In September, the company sent a mass email to users to inform them that their account information had been stolen from its network in a cyberattack in late 2014. The information included email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, passwords and security questions. The company said at least 500 million user accounts were affected.

"We have not been able to identify the intrusion associated with this theft."

  Bob Lord, Yahoo's head of security

This week, Yahoo alerted users to an earlier cyberattack   from August 2013   with similar information hacked from more than one billion accounts.

"We have not been able to identify the intrusion associated with this theft,'' Yahoo's head of security Bob Lord said in an online post Dec. 14.

The company also said hackers used "forged cookie files'' in separate attacks this year and last by which intruders could have accessed Yahoo user accounts.

"We have connected some of this activity to the same state-sponsored actor believed to be responsible for the data theft the company disclosed on Sept. 22, 2016,'' Lord said.



A man walks past a Rogers sign on the day of the Rogers Communications Inc. annual general meeting for shareholders in Toronto on April 21, 2015. (Photo: Mark Blinch/Reuters)

The notice of action also asserts that documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in November show Yahoo knew about the 2014 breach shortly after it occurred "contrary to its representations to its users.''

Toronto-based Rogers Communications, whose customers' email accounts are "powered'' by Yahoo, said it had "every reason'' to believe some of them would have been affected.

"We have been in contact with Yahoo and understand they are taking steps to notify people potentially impacted,'' spokesman Rogers Aaron Lazarus said in an email. "We encourage people to regularly change and set strong passwords.''

Company facing similar action in U.S.

The unproven claim   which has yet to be certified as a class action or tested in any court   alleges Yahoo breached its contract with users, invaded their privacy, and unjustly enriched itself at their expense. The claim also seeks $10 million in punitive damages.

Charney said it was not necessary to prove under Canadian law that anyone actually suffered damages as a result of the hacks. Besides leaning on contract law, he noted relatively recent recognition of the wrongdoing of "intrusion upon seclusion,'' which presumes damages if a privacy breach is proven.

While a proposed suit has previously been launched on behalf of users in British Columbia, Yahoo's terms of use for Canada requires proceedings to take place in Ontario. The company also faces similar action over the hacks in the United States.

Yahoo is the parent company of Toronto-based Yahoo Canada, which is also named in the action. CEO Marissa Mayer has previously said Yahoo had a total of one billion users. While it's not known how many Canadians might have been affected, Charney estimated as many as eight-million Canadians may have used one of Yahoo's services. 
2016-08-14
Yahoo - Why Pay Full Price For Alibaba When You Can Get It At A Discount Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) sold its core business and real estate to Verizon (NYSE:VZ) last July 25, 2016 for over $4.8 billion in cash (conference call). The leftover company will change its name on closing in hopefully 6-9 months, and is currently referred to as "RemainCo". This investment company will include Yahoo's cash hoard, stakes in Alibaba Group Holdings (NYSE:BABA) and Yahoo Japan, Yahoo's convertible notes, some minority investments, and Yahoo's non-core patents (the Excalibur portfolio). Value investors interested in a potential great return over the next year or two, and growth investors, who are interested in buying into Alibaba's recent performance, should examine Yahoo closer as the company will reward shareholders after the Verizon sale is complete.

Ok, here we go. Yahoo had $7.7 billion in cash and marketable securities as of its conference call on the Verizon sale on July 26, 2016. The core Yahoo business that will be sold to Verizon on closing will equate to $4.8 billion plus after taxes. Yahoo owns 35.5% of Yahoo Japan, which translates into around $8.9 billion in pretax US dollars after Friday, August 12, 2016's close. Yahoo also owns a 15% stake in Alibaba, which now translates into a little over $34 billion in pretax value after Friday's close. These main assets currently equal $55.4 billion in company value, which spread over the company's 951.8 million shares equates to a share price of $58.21 (a whopping 35.6% above Friday's close of $42.94). How about that for a nice value.

Now, how about you investors looking for growth out there. Alibaba reported its June quarter 2016 results recently (article) on August 11, 2016, which were tremendous considering the run the stock has had since then along with Yahoo.

BABA Price data by YCharts

Pretty impressive given that Alibaba is a business with a market cap in excess of $200 billion. Alibaba did this because of its growth. Specifically, 59% growth in year-over-year revenue for the quarter. Also, mobile revenue was up over 119% year-over-year as it captured 75% of its total China marketplace revenue. Considering Yahoo trades alongside Alibaba, buying into Yahoo means you are buying directly into Alibaba's growth story.

Finally, if Yahoo's value in a sum-of-parts calculation, along with its growth potential as an Alibaba proxy aren't enough, it also will have other valuable assets under its control moving forward. The first of these is the Excalibur portfolio of patents, which a lot of analysts value at around $1 billion, but which Yahoo might value closer to the $4 billion dollar range. It was not part of the core Yahoo sale because the company believed it was not getting proper value for it for shareholders. One of the main goals for the company after the Verizon deal closes, in my opinion, is to find a way to monetize the portfolio in a way that will showcase its potential $4 billion dollar value. Another consideration is the $145 million in Yahoo Japan yearly dividends the company is currently receiving according to its 10-Q.

Once Yahoo closes on its deal with Verizon, its plan will be to return money to shareholders either via buybacks and/or dividends. There are no current plans to increase shareholder value by purchasing other internet companies (think Tumblr) thank goodness. Once the initial dividends and/or buybacks are set up, the company can focus on monetizing its Excalibur portfolio of 4000+ patents and/or patent applications, while Yahoo Japan's dividend pays the bills and gives a base dividend rate for shareholders moving forward. With this base in place, RemainCo's management can continue to look for tax free or tax advantageous ways to monetize shareholder value in its Asian stakes in Alibaba (sell it to Alibaba tax free at a discount) and Yahoo Japan (sell it to SoftBank (SFTBK) who has the right of first refusal, which means they can buy it before it hits the open market).

Conclusion:

Yahoo is a buy at current levels for a value investor based on a sum-of-parts calculation. Yahoo is a buy at current levels for a growth investor interested in Alibaba based on the fact it trades in line with Alibaba at much lower multiples. Once the Verizon deal is completed, the new company "RemainCo" will return money to shareholders via a dividend and/or buybacks, while it monetizes its remaining assets and looks for tax advantageous ways to reward shareholders with its stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. I continue to be long Yahoo for at least the next year or two as the gap between what this company is worth and what it is trading for closes.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-12-08
Yahoo Data Breach MDL Steered to Koh's San Jose US Courtroom Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided.

Thank you for sharing!

A federal judicial panel has ordered that class actions filed over Yahoo's data breach this year be sent to U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose.

To continue reading,

become a free ALM digital reader. Benefits include: 5 free articles * from across the ALM network every 30 days

from across the ALM network every 30 days Unlimited access to Corporate Counsel and Legaltech News online

The Recorder digital newsletter, plus your choice of over 70 newsletters

Exclusive discounts on ALM events and publications Register Now Already have an account? Sign In *May exclude premium content Majesco Entertainment Inc. and PolarityTE, Inc. Enter Into Merger Agreement SOUTH PLAINFIELD, NJ--(Marketwired - Dec 8, 2016) - Majesco Entertainment, Inc. ( NASDAQ : COOL ) ("Majesco"), announced today it had signed a definitive merger agreement with PolarityTE, Inc. ("Polarity") www.polarityte.com. Polarity is an entirely new and radically unique regenerative medicine company committed to developing the first forms of functionally-polarized autologous tissues for use in medical procedures requiring reconstructive applications by surgeons and wound care specialists.

Upon the closing of the transactions, Polarity will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Majesco. Majesco will issue preferred stock in the transaction which, when converted, would represent approximately 50% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Majesco on a fully diluted basis. In connection with the merger agreement, Majesco also entered into stock purchase agreements for the purchase of 750,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share to accredited investors for gross proceeds of $2,250,000.

At signing of the merger agreement, Dr. Denver Lough, was named Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Majesco (to be renamed PolarityTE, Inc.) and Dr. Edward Swanson was named Chief Operating Officer and Director. Both Dr. Lough and Dr. Swanson had worked as residents in plastic and reconstructive surgery at the esteemed Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. In leaving Johns Hopkins careers as plastic surgeons, they hope to be able to impact as many patients as possible by developing and translating the technology of PolarityTE into a clinical reality. The company will be headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah where the Company is establishing its biomedical R&D facilities and tissue manufacturing center.

"We did not leave our resident careers at Johns Hopkins Hospital to merely change biotech -- we left to change the future of medicine. This opportunity allows us to disrupt the field with our entirely new proprietary technology platform across a wide variety of tissues so that all patients will eventually be offered a pragmatic method of regenerative wound healing and personalized tissue engineering. Our goals are simple: A superior technology, a superior team and a superior network of world leaders in translational medicine to augment the delivery of autologous products for the regeneration of self," said Dr. Lough who continued "We sincerely wish to thank Barry Honig, the Majesco Board of Directors and Dr. Phillip Frost for their confidence in PolarityTE and we promise to not disappoint."

Newly appointed COO, Dr. Edward Swanson, echoed Dr. Lough's statements and added, "PolarityTE will change the landscape of regenerative medicine, beginning with our first target tissue: skin. Prior to the groundbreaking discovery by Dr. Lough, the world had never seen true regeneration of functional skin, including all layers and hair. Skin regeneration of this magnitude is thought of as the holy grail by burn surgeons."

Barry Honig, former CEO of Majesco, said, "We are pleased to announce that we have reached an agreement to merge with PolarityTE. PolarityTE's entirely new concept in tissue engineering will revolutionize the future of regenerative medicine and help address critical unmet medical needs. In addition to their wildly novel technology, what further lead to our excitement in this deal with PolarityTE was their unmatched clinical advisory board, signaling to us the tremendous momentum behind this company and its technology. I have no doubt that PolarityTE will be the name in autologous tissue engineering in the future after meeting with their leadership, seeing their technology, and speaking with members of their clinical advisory board."

The merger, which has been approved by the board of directors of both companies, is subject to certain closing conditions, including NASDAQ approval, approval by stockholders of Majesco, minimum cash balance of Majesco at closing, and other customary closing conditions.

Majesco's common stock trades on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "COOL."

About Majesco Entertainment Company

Majesco Entertainment Company is an innovative developer, marketer, publisher and distributor of interactive entertainment for consumers around the world. Building on more than 25 years of operating history, Majesco develops and publishes a wide range of video games on digital networks through its Midnight City label. Majesco is headquartered in Plainfield, New Jersey, and its common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol: COOL. More info can be found online at majescoent.com or on Twitter at twitter.com/majesco.

Read More 
2016-01-05
Sprint Users Get Cert. In Yahoo 'Welcome Text' TCPA Suit Sprint Users Get Cert. In Yahoo 'Welcome Text' TCPA Suit

Law360, New York (January 4, 2016, 9:29 PM EST) -- An Illinois federal judge on Monday partially certified a class of cellphone users who allege Yahoo violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act by sending unsolicited text messages, approving a class of Sprint customers who received the messages but finding the T-Mobile class representative had consented to receiving them.



U.S. District Judge Manish S. Shah established a nationwide class of Sprint Corp. mobile customers who received a  welcome text message  from Yahoo Inc. between March 1 and March 31, 2013, immediately after someone sent them a text...

To view the full article, register now. Flurry Analytics Announces 2015 State of Mobile SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Flurry Analytics, part of the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite, today announces its annual mobile and application usage study. The State of Mobile study uncovers insights around mobile app activity and trends from around the world throughout the last year, on over 2.1 billion smart devices and 3.2 trillion sessions.

 The mobile industry has matured fast. In fact, the study found 58% mobile growth in 2015, which is stunning, as rates like that are rare in mature industries,  said Simon Khalaf, SVP, Yahoo.  What is even more impressive is the majority of that growth rate came from existing users. In 2015, we estimate that 40% of the 58% total growth in sessions came from existing users. It s clear that even in its eighth year, the mobile revolution lives on. 

Mobile Use Grows by 58% in 2015

In 2015 overall app usage grew by 58%. In this context, we define app usage as a user opening an app and recording what we call a  session.  With the exception of Games, every app category posted year-over-year growth with Personalization, News & Magazines and Productivity leading the way with triple-digit growth.

Inch by Inch, Mobile and its Apps Absorb Users

The picture is much clearer when looking at year-over-year growth in time spent cut by form factor. Time spent on phablets grew 334% year-over-year, compared to 117% for all form factors, 2.9 times more than the average. With time spent on mobile surpassing that of television, and phablets posting astonishing growth in media consumption, it appears that the cable industry will find in the phablet and its apps its long-awaited digital nemesis.

The Phablet: The Unstoppable Media Consumption Device

Once labeled a fad (even by us), phablets have become the unstoppable media consumption device. 27% of all new devices activated for Christmas this year were phablets and 50% of all Android devices activated in the same timeframe were phablets.

3.2 Trillion Sessions and Counting

In 2015, Flurry tracked a mind boggling 3.2 trillion sessions. When we started 8 years ago, we never thought that our counters could reach these numbers. On January 1st 2016, 12:01 am, the counters reset to zero and the guessing game started again. Which industry will mobile and its apps absorb in 2016?

Interested in learning more about Yahoo s developer tools and gaining insights, like this study, for your business? Be sure to check out Yahoo s annual Mobile Developer Conference this February in San Francisco. Apply for an invite at http://ymdcsf2016.tumblr.com.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on making users' digital habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Acuity Brands, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Geometri 



ATLANTA, January 5, 2016 - Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) today announced it has acquired for cash certain assets, including all proprietary technology and other intellectual property, of GeoMetri, LLC, a provider of a software and services platform for mapping, navigation and analytics.

The acquisition adds advanced indoor mapping and navigation capabilities to the ByteLight(TM) indoor positioning technology solution from Acuity Brands, which helps retailers deliver a tailored, mobile-enabled omnichannel shopping experience to their customers. Indoor positioning also can be deployed to optimize and increase understanding of how occupants interact within large-scale indoor environments. These indoor capabilities, together with the ability to provide mapping for surrounding outdoor spaces, create new opportunities for data analytics that can lead to operational efficiencies, enhanced safety, and increased revenues in spaces such as airports, shopping malls, logistics centers, universities and healthcare facilities.

The GeoMetri  platform provides robust and comprehensive mapping tools to help identify, measure and visualize pedestrian foot traffic. Additionally, GeoMetri optimizes indoor and outdoor venue floor plan information so that occupants can search for and navigate to points of interest using a smartphone. The GeoMetri platform`s powerful combination of spatial and statistical engines provides insight into physical visitor behavior and is designed to be flexible, easily customizable and usable with existing and emerging positioning technologies.

Vernon J. Nagel, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Brands, commented, "GeoMetri technology brings a key component into our digital lighting platform, augmenting our positioning services which now include over 10 million square feet and 150,000 visible light and Bluetooth  beacons managed within our cloud infrastructure. This platform creates an exciting opportunity to provide our customers with a holistic solution that allows them to connect with their customers and make powerful business decisions utilizing data analytics to optimize the performance of their businesses."

About Acuity Brands

Acuity Brands, Inc. is a North American market leader and one of the world`s leading providers of indoor and outdoor lighting and energy management solutions. With fiscal year 2015 net sales of $2.7 billion, Acuity Brands currently employs approximately 9,000 associates and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia with operations throughout North America, and in Europe and Asia. The Company`s products and solutions are sold under various brands, including Lithonia Lighting , Holophane , Peerless , Gotham , Mark Architectural Lighting(TM), Winona  Lighting, Juno , Indy(TM), AccuLite , Aculux(TM), NaviLite  and DanaLite, Healthcare Lighting , Hydrel , American Electric Lighting , Carandini , Antique Street Lamps(TM), Sunoptics , RELOC  Wiring Solutions, eldoLED , Distech Controls , and Acuity Controls(TM).

# # #

Company Contact:

Dan Smith

Acuity Brands, Inc.

(404) 853.1423







This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.



The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.

Source: Acuity Brands, Inc via GlobeNewswire

HUG#1976495

 Trending Topics - Yahoo, Facebook Challenge Copyright 2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

ELMIRA, N.Y. (18 NEWS) - Yahoo takes down the screen.

The struggling internet company is shutting down its video portal, Yahoo screen, which was launched two years ago with syndicated shows, such as "Saturday Night Live," and original programming, including former NBC comedy "Community."

Plus -

Mark Zuckerberg has issued another new year's challenge and you might say he is "stepping" up his game.

The Facebook founder is challenging himself and others to run 365 miles in 2016.

Zuckerberg admits that while it sounds like a crazy amount, its just one mile a day. CES 2016 First Look: Smart Showers and Robot Bartenders The 2016 Las Vegas Consumer Electronics Show kicks off in mere hours, but its annual pregame party, CES Unveiled, just wrapped up. With some of the most exciting tech companies set to hit the convention s show floor typically invited to set up booths at Unveiled, this early-week exhibit is often perfect for getting a sense of what kind of gadgety goodness can be expected at the CES main event.

At this year s Unveiled, we checked out a smart shower head that warns of high water usage, a service for watching TV with friends across the Internet, a real-time translator necklace, and plenty more.

Watch our highlight video above to see some of the best of CES Unveiled 2016 and stay tuned to Yahoo Tech for more CES 2016 coverage to come.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



More from CES 2016: 
2016-06-10
Dan Gilbert, AT&T Each Bid $5 Billion for Yahoo, Patents Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans Inc. and owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team, and AT&T Inc. each bid about $5 billion for Yahoo Inc. s core business, patents and real estate assets, people with knowledge of the matter said.

Verizon Communications Inc. made an offer between $3.5 billion to $4 billion for only Yahoo s core business, according to two people familiar with that situation, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.

Verizon didn t bid on the intellectual property and real estate because Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo told the company it wished to sell them separately, one of the people said. Verizon is willing to buy both the patents and real estate, the person said. Yahoo is planning to sell more than 3,000 patents, according to a statement earlier this week.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The New York-based telecommunications company expects to be given a chance at the end of Yahoo s sale process to match or top any superior bid, two of the people said. While Yahoo has discussed eliminating Verizon before the last round, according to those people, Yahoo s board hasn t met yet to decide which ones to leave out, another person said. The board will meet soon to discuss the proposals, the person said.

New Management

Gilbert, whose bid is backed by Warren Buffett, isn t looking for more outside financing, said one of the people. Despite limited synergies with mortgage-lending company Quicken, Gilbert is confident in his chances of winning, the person said. He s working with former Yahoo executives and believes Yahoo can be a good investment with new management, the person said.

Private equity firm TPG is still involved in the bidding and has had preliminary discussions with several strategic partners in case it needs to increase its offer, one of the people said.

Yahoo, which began a strategic review of the company in February, accepted first-round proposals in April, attracting offers that ranged from about $4 billion to $8 billion, people familiar with the matter said at the time. The company received more than 10 bids, people familiar have said.

Spokesmen for Yahoo, Verizon and TPG declined to comment. Representatives for Gilbert and AT&T didn t immediately respond to requests for comment.

For a company primer on Yahoo, click here.

On May 24, Chief Financial Officer Ken Goldman said the process is robust and  well along the way,  without giving specifics. Second-round bids were submitted this week, and after a final round of proposals, a winner could be chosen early next month, people familiar with the matter have said.

Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer, who joined the company nearly four years ago, has failed to spark a turnaround, with sales showing little growth and adjusted earnings on the decline. The company is considering offers as it grapples with rising competition from younger rivals including Alphabet Inc. s Google and Facebook Inc.

Yahoo s disappointing financial results have drawn the ire of investors, most notably activist Starboard Value LP. The company averted a proxy war in April when it agreed to place four new members on the board, including Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith. What Assets Is Yahoo Looking To Sell? Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is actively looking for buyers to acquire its Internet properties. But, which of its many Internet properties are for sale? All of them? Some of them?

Recode's Kara Swisher attempted to answer this difficult question that continues to confuse investors.

Swisher pointed out that Yahoo has three major groups of assets. The first, its core business, includes search, advertising and media assets. Then there is Yahoo's patent portfolio and finally its real estate assets.

Simple enough, right?

Related Link: SunTrust's Bob Peck On Yahoo's $5 Billion Bids: "This Makes More Sense!"

Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) has no interest in Yahoo's patents and real estate nor does it want to buy them with the hopes of re-selling the properties themselves. Meanwhile, private equity firms think they can win Yahoo's patents and real estate at a good price, so their bids are higher than Verizon's bid is.

To make matters more complicated, sources close to the situation told Recode that Yahoo and its "platoons" of bankers are trying to pair up private equity firms with strategic partners to create a "competitive process" and not an image of a "fire sale."

"This deal is not one in which everyone's really enthusiastic, since there is a giant question of how quickly the business is deteriorating," a bidder was quoted as saying. "If you win, you might lose and vice versa."

Posted-In: Kara SwisherNews Rumors Asset Sales M&A Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-12-19
Yahoo Breach Combined Class Suit May Grow to 1.5B Accounts Bloomberg Law: Privacy & Data Security brings you single-source access to the expertise of Bloomberg Law s privacy and data security editorial team, contributing practitioners,...

By Daniel R. Stoller

A massive putative class of consumers already suing Yahoo! Inc. over breached personal data may expand to cover another 1 billion compromised accounts, class action attorneys said.

Two huge data breaches that Yahoo revealed in the past four months may be consolidated in Silicon Valley s federal court, they told Bloomberg BNA.

If consolidated, Silicon Valley stalwart Judge Lucy Koh would likely be tasked with presiding over the largest data breach in history. Her past experience handling some of the technology sector's trickiest cases, such as Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co.'s long-running patent case, may help consumers and companies better handle the complex litigation ahead.

Jay Edelson, plaintiff-side partner and founder of Edelson PC in Chicago, told Bloomberg BNA Dec. 15 that the data breach litigation likely  will get rolled up  into a single multidistrict case. Additionally, any  derivative hacks i.e. hacks of specific user accounts on other, unrelated services,  may also get pulled into the same multidistrict litigation.

Barry Goheen, class litigation partner at King & Spalding LLP in Atlanta, told Bloomberg BNA Dec. 15 that most data breach litigation gets settled before the court even considers class certification. There may be some commonalities with the breaches, but combining two breaches of such magnitude is  uncharted waters,  he said.

Yahoo said in a Dec. 14 statement that it had discovered a major data breach that affected over 1 billion accounts. The company said in a statement that it hasn t been able to identify the intrusion associated with the theft, which occurred in August 2013.

The recent breach has also reinvigorated calls for Verizon Communications Inc. to abandon its deal with Yahoo or drastically cut its agreed to merger price of $4.8 billion. The deal was expected to close in the early part of 2017, Bloomberg data show, but the recent breach may have impacted those plans.

Yahoo is the ninth largest public internet media company in the world with approximately $39 billion in market capitalization, Bloomberg data show.

Similar Hacks, Common Facts?

On the same day of the recent announcement, a class complaint what is no doubt the first of many was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California claiming Yahoo failed to provide adequate data security to  protect users  personal and private information. 

Multiple federal class actions were filed in regards to the first breach that affected over 500 million accounts. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated 14 class complaints from the first breach. The first breach was disclosed in September but Yahoo may have known about the attack as early as 2014.

The question now is whether lawsuits over the two incidents will be consolidated into a single proceeding. In general, cases aren t consolidated unless they arise from common questions of fact. In this instance, that might mean whether the hacks in the two breaches were carried out by similar means or exploited some common data security vulnerability.

Goheen said that if the plaintiffs are able to prove through discovery that the same security flaw existed in both data breaches then class certification may be appropriate. However, a company simply experiencing a prior data breach  doesn t satisfy commonality at all,  he said.

Although Yahoo may be hoping the cases are consolidated to save attorneys fees and other litigation costs, it will still have to fight state litigation, federal and international enforcement probes and almost certain congressional investigations.

Yahoo spokesman Charles Stewart declined to comment to Bloomberg BNA on the ongoing litigation.

To contact the reporter on this story: Daniel R. Stoller in Washington at dstoller@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Donald Aplin at daplin@bna.com

Copyright   2016 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Humiliating Billion User Hack Attack on Yahoo 'Likely Launched by a State Actor' The attack on the company, whose existence was revealed on Wednesday, occurred over three years ago, in August 2013. Involving over a billion user accounts, the hack is the largest security breach in history. The company had already secured this humiliating title just three months ago, in September 2016, when the data of 500 million users was reported to have been breached. That attack was said to have been the work of a "state-sponsored actor," and Yahoo believes the two hacks may be connected.

Speaking to Radio Sputnik, Gary Miliefsky, senior cybersecurity expert and founding member of the US Department of Homeland Security, discussed the details of the latest hack, and why he agreed with Yahoo's assessment of this probably being the work of a foreign government.

For a start, the expert explained that the Yahoo hack appears to be part of the global problem of sophisticated phishing attacks. "If we step back and look at all the breaches all across the globe it's all about an employee in the company getting an email that appears to be from someone they trust, called a spear phishing attack. When they click on a link, or download an attachment or open a file they think they should open, because they trusted the email, they get infected with a remote access trojan which allows criminals, hackers or nation states to get at the data inside that network from far away."

Unfortunately, Miliefsky added, the fact that most people are trusting, and employees of companies are poorly trained in resisting these attacks, makes it very likely that this form of hacking will continue to remain popular. Asked what individuals can do to protect themselves, the cybersecurity specialist stressed that it's best not to open email attachments, or better yet, not to send files over email in the first place if possible without verification.

"Spearfishing is the number one way to steal data from any organization. In the United States, Anthem.com lost 80 million records, OPM.gov lost 22 million records, now Yahoo a billion   it'll just keep happening if people are not more aware and more vigilant," Miliefsky noted.

Specifically regarding the Yahoo attack, the expert said that his gut feeling told him "a nation state" was probably responsible. "Some have leaned toward Russia; I think it's actually the Chinese government, because they're great at these kinds of attacks   and of cross-correlating records. You do one breach here and another breach there and then you find common information," eventually building up a dossier of important data.

At the same time, Miliefsky explained that the massive hack was probably the work of a state actor, due to its targeting of user data en masse, while ordinary cybercriminals "don't waste their time on info if they don't get credit card data."

As for how an attack of this scale could have taken place in the first place, the expert suggested that it was likely done "over a period of many months using what's called a remote access trojan. Many remote access trojans cannot be detected by [even] the latest anti-virus scanner In other words, most of the new malware that can sit around and eavesdrop on your network for days, weeks or months is custom-written and non-detectable by your favorite anti-virus scanner  that's one of the big problems."

Given the logistics of stealing the information of a billion users, Miliefsky noted that the data was probably stolen from Yahoo over a period of many months, in order to avoid alerting firewalls, antivirus software, and other intrusion prevention tools.

Moreover, the analyst stressed that such attacks, whether against companies or governments, can be very sophisticated, stretching out over a very long period of time to glean reams of sensitive information.

"When you install a remote access trojan, just like the breach of 100 banks in Russia [last year], where they stole over a billion dollars, what they did is sat on the network, and wormed their way across for at least six months, collecting data, eavesdropping on the microphone, the webcam, the keyboard, learning a lot about the environment. And next thing you know [the hacker] is part of the network administration team, and no one even knows they're there." The same scenario may have occurred with the Yahoo breach.

Asked why it took so long for the company to publicly admit the existence of the hack, Miliefsky said that that's actually a very good question. "Under California law, where they're located, they would have had to disclose in 30 days." He suggested that it was possible that the company found out about the incident very late after the event. "According to [cybersecurity firm] FireEye, most companies that have been breached don't know about it for almost a year. So they may not have found out for a while, and then asked the FBI for help, and perhaps the FBI told them not to disclose the breach" in order to investigate it more thoroughly.

Ultimately, the expert advised Yahoo users to get a new user account, or choose another company. In any case, he noted that in light of the recent breaches, Yahoo probably isn't the safest place to have an email account.

Following the hack, Verizon, which planned to acquire Yahoo for $4.8 billion, announced that it would review the terms of the agreement, including the purchase price. Miliefsky noted that the hacking news amounted to an "epic fail" by Verizon's mergers and acquisitions team, and will likely affect the purchase price by a "tremendous amount." Yahoo Threw a Low-Key Holiday Party This Year  Hacked down Context News

Yahoo on Dec. 14 disclosed an additional security breach that occurred in 2013 in which more than 1 billion user accounts were compromised, including email addresses, telephone numbers and hashed passwords.

The hack is the second revealed by Yahoo since July, when it signed a deal with Verizon for the telecommunications firm to acquire its core advertising and search businesses for $4.8 billion. On Sept. 22, Yahoo said that a security breach that occurred in 2014 affected sensitive data relating to at least 500 million accounts.

Verizon said in a statement on Dec. 14: "As we've said all along, we will evaluate the situation as Yahoo continues its investigation. We will review the impact of this new development before reaching any final conclusions." 
2016-12-04
Marapharm Ventures Inc. Pays Off Mortgage on Las Vegas, Nevada Property KELOWNA, British Columbia, December 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --

Marapharm symbols: United States (MRPHF), Canada - (CSE: MDM), Germany - (2M0.F)

Marapharm Ventures Inc. ("Marapharm") announces that it is paying the Nevada Title, Escrow Agent, for full payment and discharge of the first mortgage financing on 5.9 acres located in Apex Industrial Park, Las Vegas, Nevada. In addition Marapharm is paying cash without debt for the previously announced addition of 1.1 adjoining acres.

"We've received several million dollars recently from warrants being exercised by loyal shareholders with more coming in daily, and we decided to pay off our debt, which is this one mortgage. We paid $445,500 USD for the property and financed $309,000. In addition we paid taxes and fees and posted about $100,000 for wet and dry utility bonds. We've also done improvements on the site and have invested more than $100,000 on site and facilities planning. And we've paid for buildings that are to be delivered within 3 weeks and erected for cultivation. The monthly mortgage payments were $2,785.22" said Linda Sampson, Marapharm CEO and she added "paying off a relatively small mortgage and paying $110,000 cash for the 1.1 acres may not sound like a big deal but to us the significance is that we did what we planned to do in terms of reaching our milestones."

"With more than 50 million adult visitors each year, Las Vegas is the known as the best cannabis play in the world. Marapharm chose Las Vegas and Nevada for its model and for a place we wanted to be for doing business. There's no state corporate income tax, there's no personal income tax, there's City tax concessions, there's excellent State incentives and we are located in a logistical hub of 11 state regions. Further there's an educated and cost effective workforce and a superior telecommunications infrastructure. So we believe that we are in the right place at the right time" says Linda Sampson. Marapharm CEO.

ABOUT MARAPHARM VENTURES INC.

http://www.marapharm.com

Marapharm has 300,000 square feet of medical marijuana licenses and land and facilities in WA and NV and about two and a half years ago, Marapharm applied in Canada to Health Canada for a MMPR (Production and Sales) license and has passed the necessary security clearances. The application is currently in the in-depth screening process. In September 2016, Health Canada contacted Marapharm with a provision to amend its application to allow for the new regulations, ACMPR.

Additional information on the operations or financial results of Marapharm are included in reports on file with applicable securities regulatory authorities and may be accessed through the CSE website (http://www.thecse.com), the OTC website (http://www.otcmarkets.com) and Sedar website (http://www.sedar.com) under the profile for Marapharm Ventures Inc.



STOCK EXCHANGES:

Neither the CSE, the FSE nor the OTCQB  has approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither the CSE, the FSE nor the OTCQB  accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

FORWARD - LOOKING STATEMENTS:

Certain statements contained in this news release constitute forward looking statements. The use of any of the words "anticipate", "continue", "estimate", "expect", 'may", "will", "project", "should", 'believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumption but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and the forward-looking statements included in this news release should not be unduly relied upon.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:

http://www.marapharm.com or Linda Sampson, CEO, +1-778-583-4476 info@marapharm.com 
2016-08-18
White Shark Media Listed as the #527 Fastest Growing Company on the Inc. 5000 List MIAMI, Aug. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Inc. magazine has once again ranked White Shark Media as one of the fastest growing companies in the US in the 35th edition of their prestigious Inc 5000 ranking. This year, White Shark Media has taken the number 527 spot, showcasing a whopping 730% three-year growth and $7.4 million in revenue.

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160817/399128

These numbers signify a noteworthy improvement from last year's ranking where they were placed in the 724 spot with 622% three-year growth. "2015 was in many ways a transformational year for White Shark Media with a significant amount of energy focused on preparing the company's transition from being a small business toward the next business life cycle, all without losing our client-centric culture and 'let's make it happen' attitude." Gary Garth, CEO, and Co-Founder of White Shark Media says.

Gary continues: "We expanded our leadership team during 2015 and also invested heavily in our team, systems, and cutting-edge technology across the entire business. The results are undoubtedly satisfactory since our 250 employees to date have helped over 5,000 small businesses acquire more leads and customers with our proprietary digital marketing solutions."

Inc. is calling the 2016 Inc. 5000 list honorees the 'superheroes of the U.S. economy'. The average company on the list grew a mind-boggling 490 percent, and White Shark Media came notoriously above the average with a strong 730% growth over a three-year period.

"Those are results most businesses could only dream of. Your success is a testimony to your team's creativity, resilience, and tenacity." Inc. President and Editor-In-Chief Eric Schurenberg, said.

More about White Shark Media Inc.

White Shark Media Inc. is a digital marketing agency focused on helping small business owners in the U.S. succeed through innovative search engine marketing strategies.

Founded in 2011, by three Danish entrepreneurs, White Shark Media is a Google AdWords Premier Partner and a Bing Ads Elite partner. These partnerships along with their proprietary software and fully bilingual staff ensure that they deliver cost effective marketing solutions while also tapping into new and profitable markets in the US.

More about the Inc. 5000 Methodology

Each year Inc. ranks the fastest growing private companies in America through their Inc 500 and Inc 5000 lists. The Inc. 5000 list is ranked according to percentage revenue growth over a three-year period. To qualify, companies must have been founded and generating revenue by the first week of the starting calendar year, and therefore able to show three full calendar years of sales. Additionally, they had to be U.S.-based, privately held, and independent.

Media Contact: Ximena Cordon, White Shark Media Inc., (305) 728-4828, xco@whitesharkmedia.com

News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com Bulova Technologies Group, Inc. Announces the Acquisition of Global Frozen ... LARGO, FL--(Marketwired - Aug 18, 2016) - Bulova Technologies Group, Inc. ( OTC PINK : BTGI ) announced today that its subsidiary, BT Twiss Transport LLC ("BT Transport"), has agreed to acquire Global Frozen Trucking, Inc. (GFTI) a Pinellas Park, Florida based refrigerated trucking company. The acquisition pending final due diligence would close on or before September 30, 2016.

Two significant elements of this acquisition is the addition of six late model trucks and seven refrigerated trailers to the current BT Transport fleet and second access to GFTI's long term customer base.

Global Frozen Trucking Inc. was founded in 2010 by Mr. Emin Pandza, who has been associated with the trucking industry since 1998. He will be joining BTTwiss Transport to assist in the growth of the Company.

Stephen L Gurba, President and Chief Executive Officer of BTGI, stated, "This is yet another BT Twiss action intended to support our progress as a successful business endeavor for BTGI. We will continue to seek out and improve in those business areas that will yield higher customer satisfaction and increased profitability. Sales from this acquisition are expected to add a minimum of $3,000,000 (three million dollars) of profitable revenues annually."

About Bulova Technologies Group, Inc.

Bulova Technologies Group, Inc.,Bulova Technologies Compliance & Security LLC, Bulova Technologies Health Care Products LLC, Bulova Technologies Europe LLC and Bulova Technologies Machinery LLC's headquarters are located in Clearwater, Florida and BT-Twiss Transport LLC's headquarters are located in Largo, Florida.

Please visit our website at www.bulovatechgroup.com for more information.

Statements about the Company's future expectations and all other statements in this press release other than historical facts, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. The above information contains information relating to the Company that is based on the beliefs of the Company and/or its management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company or its management. 
2016-06-13
Yahoo's True Worth: Part 1 I will be unpacking the true worth of Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) as we delve deep into the depths of a very complicated situation. In the first part, I will be taking an overarching view of it, and trying to come up with a 5 mile high perspective of it. In the second, I will be coming up with a valuation of the core Yahoo business, the point of contention for most Yahoo investors right now. In the third, I will be talking about the tax implications of Yahoo's attempts to unlock its value without paying any taxes.

Yahoo as we know it today is not the great internet giant of old, with its ubiquitous Yahoo! Landing page and search engine and mail service. Today it's more of a hodgepodge of random stakes and odd things that its CEOs have thrown together over the years mixed with its core internet business.

And that is where is the problem with Yahoo today, that it is such a massive thing made up of disparate parts. Different investors want exposure to different parts of Yahoo. A person who might want to buy the core Yahoo business might not want exposure to Alibaba, since they may think Alibaba is overvalued. A person who might want to buy the Alibaba stake might not want to buy the core Yahoo business because they think it's basically a zombie at this point.

And all of those viewpoints are valid! The market is a weight mechanism in the long run, and companies have to bend to the will of the market. So we'll come up with a full accounting of what Yahoo's true worth is here with a sum of the parts valuation.

Alibaba (NYSE:BABA): Yahoo has a 15% stake in the Chinese e-commerce and e-verything giant, and at current market prices, this is worth $28.2 billion. We can debate this further at another time, as I am sure some think Alibaba is overvalued, as there are some who think it is undervalued, but the point of this exercise is to see what the market would value Yahoo in a rational way. This is not adjusting for taxes, because currently, with the way that the sale of Yahoo is being structured, there probably won't be any taxes involved.

Yahoo Japan: Yahoo has a 35.5% stake in Yahoo Japan. Yahoo Japan is not the Yahoo we know in the West. Yahoo Japan has been a lot more successful, and is a conglomerate in its own right, with a sort of Japanese eBay, Amazon and other assorted ventures under it. It was originally a joint venture with Softbank, a Japanese telecommunications conglomerate, and has grown to a $30 billion company today. At current market prices, this is worth about $10 billion.

Essentially by adding up these two stakes, not even including the cash and other assorted things, Yahoo is worth $38 billion. Yahoo also has $5 billion in net cash, after subtracting for debt and added to the net worth pile, Yahoo is worth $43 billion.

As seen here, there is very clear upside, and we get to this valuation without even tangling with the complicated valuation of Yahoo's core business in Part 2. Stay tuned for more info. Yahoo Expected to Ask for Final Round Bids (VZ, YHOO) Telecom rivals Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) and AT&T Inc. (T) are expected to go head to head for the next and final round in the quest to acquire Yahoo Inc.'s (YHOO) web assets, according to Reuters.

This might be a good opportunity for Verizon to raise its offer. Verizon's latest bid for Yahoo was $3.5 billion, which reportedly was topped by multiple bids at or above $5 billion (one of which is rumored to be AT&T although that has not been confirmed). (For more, see: AT&T Jostles to Steal Yahoo! From Verizon.)

The Newswire reported that Yahoo will be reviewing its second-round bids and may start reaching out to its suitors as early as Monday to tell them whether they've made it to the next round.

Among those expected to make it to the final round is a consortium led by Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert, which is backed by the "Oracle of Omaha" himself Warren Buffet, chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK-B). Sources told Reuters that some of the private equity firms that made bids for Yahoo will not be invited to submit final bids.

Verizon has been eagerly eyeing Yahoo ever since the embattled search company began contemplating selling its assets after facing mounting pressure from hedge fund Starboard Value LP. Of principal interest to Verizon is Yahoo's advertising tech tools. (For related reading, see: Why Yahoo's Core Business Is Negatively Valued.)

Also, Verizon is reportedly exploring how Yahoo's search, mail and messenger services, which are also on the block, could be effectively merged with AOL, which Verizon bought last year for $4.4 billion.

AT&T, the second largest U.S. wireless provider, is trying to play catch up with Verizon, the biggest U.S. wireless carrier. To that end, AT&T is looking to beef up its mobile video options and buying Yahoo internet assets could achieve that end. Microsoft finally buys Yahoo, but it's called LinkedIn Courtesy LinkedIn Microsoft Chief Executive Satya Nadella, center, appears to be following Microsoft s tradition of overpaying for acquisitions in purchase of LinkedIn, which is led by CEO Jeff Weiner, left, and was founded by Chairman Reid Hoffman, right.

Microsoft Corp. has a dismal history of overpaying for huge acquisitions that don t work out, and Chief Executive Satya Nadella s first large purchase as chief executive doesn t appear to definitively break that trend.

Microsoft MSFT, -0.43% announced a surprise $26.2 billion acquisition Monday of professional social network LinkedIn Corp. US:LNKD The move elicits memories of Microsoft attempting to buy Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% for more than $44 billion in 2008, after the dot-com boom came crashing down and the competitors that would eventually surpass the internet portal Alphabet Inc. s GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% Google and Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14%  had started to rise. Now, Yahoo s core assets are up for sale and reportedly fetching bids around $5 billion.

Similarly to Yahoo in 2008, other social-networking companies have surpassed their peak valuations in the minds of most investors, as long as they aren t named Facebook. LinkedIn seemed to reach its peak last year, before a massive fall in February stemming from a confusing earnings report and explanation. Microsoft is paying a whopping 50% premium for LinkedIn, but by some accounts it could be seen as swooping in while LinkedIn is down, thanks to continued concerns about slowing growth.

An overpriced acquisition from Microsoft wouldn t surprise longtime market watchers: The tech giant s modus operandi in the past seems to have been overpay and under-deliver. From the disastrous buy of Nokia s handset business to its giant write-down of Acquantive, for which it paid an 85% premium, Microsoft has a lousy record in big deals.

The first question on a conference call with analysts Monday morning was about Microsoft s track record with large deals. Nadella said that  of course  the company has learned from the past and that in his view the deal with LinkedIn will be  transformative,  combining Microsoft s focus on the cloud, such as its Office 365 service, with a social network.

 I want LinkedIn to retain its independence,  Nadella said.  It is about doing the best of LinkedIn and the best of Microsoft. 

Since Nadella became CEO of Microsoft in February 2014, the company has relentlessly focused on cloud computing and de-emphasized its previous mantra under former CEO Steve Ballmer of  devices and services.  One of Nadella s first big moves was to take a write-down of much of the company s $9 billion deal to buy Nokia s handset business.

While LinkedIn s corporate focus seems like a better match for Microsoft than its failed effort to buy Yahoo, Nadella is still spending a lot of cash and facing investors who are tired of Microsoft spending too much for too little. If Microsoft s CEO can make this deal worth the money and the effort, he could exorcise the demons of the Yahoo deal and others, but there are good reasons for doubt. Yahoo! Inc. Second Round Bids Could Go Higher, Says Analyst Published By: Ken Bock on June 13, 2016 03:31 pm EST

According to Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, bids for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are about to go higher, as a number of bidders have emerged. The faltering Internet company is approaching its second round of bidding now.

Pointing out at Verizon s $3.5-4 billion bid for Yahoo s core assets, the firm said that Dan Gilbert, Quicken Loans founder, and AT&T each have separately made a $5 billion bids. Additionally, Bain Capital Private Equity and TPG have also emerged as bidders. The analyst said:  We assume these bids incorporate the loss of Yahoo Japan search revenues in 2017, but are unsure if they assume loss of IP licensing revenues (if Yahoo Japan situation changes). 

The firm said that based on the sum-of-the-parts method, it values Yahoo at $3.4 billion, and says that the core business should have upside of $1-2 per share. Of the 40 analysts mentioned on Thomson Reuters, six recommend a Strong Buy, 16 maintain a Buy, 17 maintain a Hold rating, while one analyst gives the stock an Underperform rating. The 12-month consensus price target for the stock currently stands at $40.79, reflecting 10.75% upside potential over its close of $36.83 Friday. Yahoo Mail could get boost if bought by mobile firm A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File photo

San Francisco Yahoo Inc's venerable email system could have a better shot at challenging category crusher Gmail if a telecommunications company wins a Yahoo asset auction and presents it to a wider audience.

Both Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc are set to make third and final round bids for Yahoo's 'core' business of mail, Web and advertising products, according to people familiar with the matter.

A consortium led by Quicken Loans Inc Founder Dan Gilbert and backed by Berkshire Hathaway Inc Chairman Warren Buffett will also make it to the final round, the people added.

A telecommunication company could give Yahoo Mail distribution on mobile devices that gives it a fighting chance to compete with Gmail and Apple Mail, which come pre installed on many Android and Apple devices, analysts said. Yahoo's media unit could get a similar boost.

Broader distribution would be a 'game changer' for mail and the other older services, raising their value to bidders with mobile reach, said Karsten Weide, an analyst for research firm International Data Corporation.

"It's not because they have bad content or bad products. They just don't have the distribution," Weide said.

He said in recent years telcos have been telling manufacturers which apps they want to see pre installed on smartphones as a condition of carrying the products.

Telcos in particular can benefit from Yahoo's technology for placing ads. Verizon could become the number three ad tech player after Google and Facebook with the purchase, said Dave McIninch, chief revenue officer of search and performance marketing firm Acquisio.

It is not clear whether telcos see extraordinary value in mail. Verizon is focused on Yahoo's ad technology, Reuters has reported, and Needham and Company analyst Laura Martin noted that Verizon acquired AOL for its ad tech and never put AOL mail on phones.

In the last year, Yahoo has rolled out new features such as an inbox capable of accessing other email services and a password-free sign-in that verifies users via text message.

Yahoo says that consumers are gravitating to its mobile email while Google and Microsoft focus on corporate products. Google and Microsoft said they can satisfy both audiences.

Yahoo Mail's new mobile App gets strong reviews on the Apple and Google Play app stores, and Yahoo says daily emails sent and received since 2013 are up 15 percent, while iOS app usage has doubled over the last 18 months. Yahoo declined to discuss profit or revenue at the ad-supported service.

Web industry researcher ComScore shows that Yahoo Mail U.S. mobile use doubled to 36.5 million users per month over the three years to March, even as Yahoo mail desktop use nearly halved. That's slightly faster mobile growth in percentage terms than Gmail, but Gmail is adding more users: Gmail had 89.6 million mobile users, more than Yahoo's combined 67.8 million desktop and mobile.

(Reporting by Deborah M. Todd. Additional reporting by Greg Roumeliotis and Malathi Nayak in New York and Liana Baker in San Francisco. Editing by Peter Henderson and Andrew Hay) Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert reportedly bids $5 billion for Yahoo There is certainly a lot going on right now Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert.

The Cleveland Cavaliers, Gilbert s NBA team, is set to take the court in the NBA finals Monday night with their backs against the wall, down three games to one to the Golden State Warriors. It s win or go home for the Cavs on Monday night.

And while Gilbert s NBA team is fighting it out on the court, Gilbert s Quicken Loans is fighting it out in court with the U.S. Department of Justice over claims that the massive online lender improperly originated mortgage loans that were insured by the Federal Housing Administration, a charge that Quicken has repeatedly and vigorously denied.

But that s hardly all Gilbert has going on these days.

Gilbert is also the founder and chairman of Rock Ventures, which includes more than 110 companies as well as Gilbert s portfolio of business and real estate investments. Gilbert has also invested billions of dollars in the revitalization of Detroit through numerous purchases of buildings in downtown Detroit.

And Gilbert could soon be adding another rather significant piece to his portfolio, as Bloomberg reports that Gilbert is deep in the bidding process for Yahoo, which recently said that it is interested in selling off its  core business  as the company struggles with declining revenue.

So just how serious about the Yahoo bidding process is Gilbert? $5 billion, to be exact.

From Bloomberg:

Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans Inc. and owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team, and AT&T Inc. each bid about $5 billion for Yahoo Inc. s core business, patents and real estate assets, people with knowledge of the matter said.

As the Bloomberg report states, Gilbert isn t the only bidder for Yahoo, but he reportedly feels  confident  about his chances of securing Yahoo.

Again, from Bloomberg: Yahoo Mail Stands a Chance If Mobile Firm Buys It San Francisco: Yahoo Inc's venerable email system could have a better shot at challenging category crusher Gmail if a telecommunications company wins a Yahoo asset auction and presents it to a wider audience.

Both Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc are set to make third and final round bids for Yahoo's 'core' business of mail, Web and advertising products, according to people familiar with the matter.

A consortium led by Quicken Loans Inc Founder Dan Gilbert and backed by Berkshire Hathaway Inc Chairman Warren Buffett will also make it to the final round, the people added.

A telecommunication company could give Yahoo Mail distribution on mobile devices that gives it a fighting chance to compete with Gmail and Apple Mail, which come pre installed on many Android and Apple devices, analysts said. Yahoo's media unit could get a similar boost.

Broader distribution would be a 'game changer' for mail and the other older services, raising their value to bidders with mobile reach, said Karsten Weide, an analyst for research firm International Data Corporation.

"It's not because they have bad content or bad products. They just don't have the distribution," Weide said.

He said in recent years telcos have been telling manufacturers which apps they want to see pre installed on smartphones as a condition of carrying the products.

Telcos in particular can benefit from Yahoo's technology for placing ads. Verizon could become the number three ad tech player after Google and Facebook with the purchase, said Dave McIninch, chief revenue officer of search and performance marketing firm Acquisio.

It is not clear whether telcos see extraordinary value in mail. Verizon is focused on Yahoo's ad technology, Reuters has reported, and Needham and Company analyst Laura Martin noted that Verizon acquired AOL for its ad tech and never put AOL mail on phones.

In the last year, Yahoo has rolled out new features such as an inbox capable of accessing other email services and a password-free sign-in that verifies users via text message.

Yahoo says that consumers are gravitating to its mobile email while Google and Microsoft focus on corporate products. Google and Microsoft said they can satisfy both audiences.

Yahoo Mail's new mobile App gets strong reviews on the Apple and Google Play app stores, and Yahoo says daily emails sent and received since 2013 are up 15 percent, while iOS app usage has doubled over the last 18 months. Yahoo declined to discuss profit or revenue at the ad-supported service.

Web industry researcher ComScore shows that Yahoo Mail U.S. mobile use doubled to 36.5 million users per month over the three years to March, even as Yahoo mail desktop use nearly halved. That's slightly faster mobile growth in percentage terms than Gmail, but Gmail is adding more users: Gmail had 89.6 million mobile users, more than Yahoo's combined 67.8 million desktop and mobile. Hearst Agrees to Acquire Majority Stake in MedHOK, Inc., a Leading Healthcare ...  HSBC Trader Fired Over E-Mail Sought $2.6 Million, Gets $63400 A fired HSBC Holdings Plc equity derivatives trader who sued the bank for $2.6 million was awarded just 56,300 euros ($63,400) in a French lawsuit over his dismissal for sending client data to his personal Yahoo! Inc. e-mail address.

The Paris employment tribunal ordered HSBC to pay Ben Lazimy the compensation after he was fired for sending a 1,400-page spreadsheet with all of HSBC s equities transactions in 2010, a list that included client names and margins. A court official gave the ruling by phone and the court s full opinion won t be available for weeks.

Banks are under growing pressure to secure their data after high-profile cyber attacks against JPMorgan Chase & Co. and HSBC led to the loss of millions of customer records. One of the most severe risks for a data breach comes from employees, who might unwittingly upload a virus or be blackmailed into helping an attacker.

HSBC is particularly sensitive about the issue after former employee Herve Falciani said he took client data to prove that its Geneva private banking unit was helping foreign clients evade taxes. The case generated global headlines after the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists published a report known as the Swiss Leaks based on Falciani s data.

 Moral Harassment 

Lazimy s lawyer, Jamila El Berry, said her client will appeal the decision, while HSBC said it is awaiting the notification of the ruling before taking a decision.

El Berry said she is  surprised that the arguments on the moral harassment were dismissed as they were serious and well founded.  She also said the level of compensation -- the vast majority of which was awarded by the Paris court to make up for unpaid overtime work -- is insufficient.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

El Berry said at an April hearing that the e-mail incident was an excuse to fire Lazimy, which added to the harassment he suffered after refusing to transfer from Paris to London amid a bank restructuring. Lazimy went from being praised by management and rising to the position of director to getting negative evaluations, a salary freeze, no bonuses and a reduction to his responsibilities, she told the tribunal.

Lazimy s lawyer said that her client didn t breach professional secrecy as the document never got into any outsider s hands. The spreadsheet was widely available within the bank -- even to interns -- and a police report found the attachment  was damaged and unusable,  she said, adding that prosecutors dismissed HSBC s criminal complaint. 
2016-09-30
Expecting Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) To Make A Major Reversal According to Elliott Wave Theory, a 5 wave price action is followed by a three wave counter move against the previous trend. The most common retracement according to EWT and according to Fibonacci guidelines is the 61.8% level. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s share price has started a 5 wave decline since late 2014 and concluded it when markets bottomed last February. A clear 5 wave decline was complete. A three wave pull back was then needed as a counter trend rally. Price initially reached the 38% Fibonacci retracement of the decline and after a sideways consolidation phase (wave B) we saw an upside breakout labeled as wave C where the final upside would conclude. Price has already reached the 61.8% Fibonacci retracement.

In the shorter term if we zoom in we could see a reversal pattern unfolding off the $43-44 price level. The upside move from $37 is most probably over and thus wave C. This implies a new trend will be starting soon if not already started with target new lows. Price has started making lower lows and lower highs on a daily basis. Price has broken the neckline support of a possible Head and Shoulders pattern and combined with the negative divergence by the oscillators, we have several warning signals for Bulls to be cautious.

The $39-40 price level is an important support area that if broken, will confirm and validate my reversal signal. A break below the consolidation range of $37.50-34.50 will increase the chances of success of my bearish scenario dramatically. So is Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) heading for below $20? I believe the risk is worth taking and as the decline will unfold, I will be adding to my short position.

Thank you for taking the time to catch up on my thinking.

Disclosure: This article is written by Alexandros Yfantis and was originally published at trading2day. The author has a short position in YHOO. Rhino Resource Partners LP Announces Agreement With Royal Energy Resources ... LEXINGTON, KY--(Marketwired - Sep 30, 2016) - Rhino Resource Partners LP ( OTCQB : RHNO ) ("Rhino" or the "Partnership") announced today that it has entered into an equity exchange agreement (the "Agreement") with Royal Energy Resources, Inc. ( OTCQB : ROYE ) ("Royal"), Rhino Resource Partners Holdings, LLC ("Rhino Holdings"), an entity wholly-owned by certain investment partnerships managed by Yorktown Partners LLC ("Yorktown"), and Rhino GP LLC, the general partner of Rhino.

Investment partnerships managed by Yorktown own substantially all of the outstanding common stock of Armstrong Energy, Inc. ("Armstrong Energy"), a coal producing company with mines located in the Illinois Basin in western Kentucky. The Agreement contemplates that prior to closing, Yorktown will contribute its shares of common stock of Armstrong Energy to Rhino Holdings. At the closing, Rhino Holdings will contribute those shares to Rhino in exchange for 10 million newly issued common units of Rhino. The Agreement also contemplates that Rhino GP, currently owned and controlled by Royal, will issue a 50% ownership of Rhino GP to Rhino Holdings in connection with the issuance of Rhino units for the common stock of Armstrong Energy. Closing of the Agreement is conditioned upon (i) the current bondholders of Armstrong Energy agreeing to restructure their bonds and (ii) Rhino refinancing its current revolving credit agreement with funds from an equity investment into Rhino to be arranged by Rhino Holdings. The Agreement is also subject to other standard closing conditions and required approvals. The parties anticipate the Agreement will be consummated on or before December 31, 2016.

About Rhino Resource Partners LP

Rhino Resource Partners LP is a diversified energy limited partnership that is focused on coal and energy related assets and activities, including energy infrastructure investments. Rhino produces metallurgical and steam coal in a variety of basins throughout the United States. Additional information regarding Rhino is available on its web site -- RhinoLP.com.

About Royal Energy Resources, Inc.

Royal Energy Resources, Inc. is a diversified energy company, with investments and holdings in coal, gas and renewable energy assets in North America. Royal is the majority equity owner of Rhino Resource Partners LP, and its general partner, Rhino GP LLC. Additional information regarding Royal is available on its web site -- royalenergy.us.

About Armstrong Energy, Inc.

Armstrong Energy, Inc., through its 100% wholly owned subsidiary Armstrong Coal, is a leading producer of steam coal in the Illinois Basin. Armstrong controls over 550 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves and operates six mines in Western Kentucky. Armstrong ships coal to utilities via rail, truck and barge and has the capability to provide low cost custom blend coal to fuel virtually any electric power plant in the Midwest and Southeast regions of the nation. Additional information regarding Armstrong is available on its web site -- www.armstrongenergyinc.com.

About Yorktown Partners LLC

Yorktown Partners LLC is a private investment manager founded in 1991 that invests exclusively in the energy industry. Yorktown has raised 11 private equity funds totaling over $8 billion. The investors in Yorktown's funds include university endowments, foundations, families, insurance companies and other institutional investors.

Forward-Looking Statements

Except for historical information, statements made in this press release are "forward-looking statements." All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that Rhino expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Rhino's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on Rhino's business, operating results, financial condition and similar matters. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Rhino will turn out as Rhino anticipates. Whether actual results and developments in the future will conform to expectations is subject to significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond Rhino's control or ability to predict. Therefore, actual results and developments could materially differ from Rhino's historical experience, present expectations and what is expressed, implied or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: Rhino's inability to obtain additional financing necessary to fund its capital expenditures, meet working capital needs and maintain and grow its operations or its inability to obtain alternative financing upon the expiration of its credit facility; Rhino's future levels of indebtedness, liquidity and compliance with debt covenants; volatility and recent declines in the price of Rhino's common units; sustained depressed levels of or decline in coal prices, which depend upon several factors such as the supply of domestic and foreign coal, the demand for domestic and foreign coal, governmental regulations, price and availability of alternative fuels for electricity generation and prevailing economic conditions; declines in demand for electricity and coal; current and future environmental laws and regulations, which could materially increase operating costs or limit Rhino's ability to produce and sell coal; extensive government regulation of mine operations, especially with respect to mine safety and health, which imposes significant actual and potential costs; difficulties in obtaining and/or renewing permits necessary for operations; the availability and prices of competing electricity generation fuels; a variety of operating risks, such as unfavorable geologic conditions, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, mining and processing equipment unavailability, failures and unexpected maintenance problems and accidents, including fire and explosions from methane; poor mining conditions resulting from the effects of prior mining; the availability and costs of key supplies and commodities such as steel, diesel fuel and explosives; fluctuations in transportation costs or disruptions in transportation services, which could increase competition or impair Rhino's ability to supply coal; a shortage of skilled labor, increased labor costs or work stoppages; Rhino's ability to secure or acquire new or replacement high-quality coal reserves that are economically recoverable; material inaccuracies in Rhino's estimates of coal reserves and non-reserve coal deposits; existing and future laws and regulations regulating the emission of sulfur dioxide and other compounds, which could affect coal consumers and reduce demand for coal; federal and state laws restricting the emissions of greenhouse gases; Rhino's ability to acquire or failure to maintain, obtain or renew surety bonds used to secure obligations to reclaim mined property; Rhino's dependence on a few customers and its ability to find and retain customers under favorable supply contracts; changes in consumption patterns by utilities away from the use of coal, such as changes resulting from low natural gas prices; changes in governmental regulation of the electric utility industry; Rhino's ability to successfully diversify its operations into other non-coal natural resources; disruption in supplies of coal produced by contractors operating Rhino's mines; defects in title in properties that Rhino owns or losses of any of its leasehold interests; Rhino's ability to retain and attract senior management and other key personnel; material inaccuracy of assumptions underlying reclamation and mine closure obligations; and weakness in global economic conditions.

Read More Nanobiomed Inc  Discovered a New Nuclear Staining Molecule and Eco-Friendly ... Prextrolin  provides detail information about cell and tissue pathology on human colon mucosa (X100) (Photo: Nanobiomed  @2016) Multimedia Gallery URL

ANKARA, Turkey--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Nanobiomed Inc ., a nanomedicine and biotechnology company based in New York and Ankara, today announced its leading-edge development of a new molecule for use in tissue and cancer diagnostics.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160930005278/en/

The Diagnostic Molecule Invented By

The international scientific team under the leadership of, Assoc. Prof. Dr. G rer G. Budak, and Dr. Mehmet Budak, discovered and pinpointed a new -natural origin- stain molecule, Prextrolin , producing and matching the identical visual uniformity as in the nuclear stain Hemotoxylin.

Prextrolin  behaves like a "biological marker", revealing detailed cellular diagnostic parameters in histopathologic examinations within diseases and cancers (www.prextrolin.com).

Experimental studies on the molecule have been published in The Journal of Histotechnology. The American Chemical Society has registered it with a CAS number. In May 2016, Prextrolin  was announced winner in the New Product Category at the 12th Technology Awards in Istanbul.

A Discovery Awaiting 100 years

Hematoxylin, a raw material, and the current gold standard stain produced from the Logwood tree, native to the tropical rainforests is becoming increasingly scarce, as the tropical rainforests of Central America recede for 100 years. Hematoxylin formulas have accounted for histopathologic diagnostics with no alternatives until now, but Prextrolin  changes that.

The source for the new molecule is Poppy (Papaver phoeas), a rich molecular reservoir of Prextrolin  s molecular precursors and other coloring molecular complexes.

Preserving the Tropical Rainforests from Selective Regional Deforestation

When Prextrolin  is available to global the market- harvesting the logwood trees for Hemotoxylin production will be balanced. Furthermore, the consumption of various petrochemical in many sectors will reduce, preventing associated damages to the environment. So Prextrolin  is additionally expected to aid with the Earth s eco-system.

Innovation in Coloring the World: New Industrial Applications

Prextrolin  is a radical new molecule expected to have significant effects across scientific and industrial sectors at all over the world. Accompanying products from this molecule are desperately in demand among other industries also such as: textile dyeing, food coloring, screen technologies (OLED TV display), sensor production, biocidal substance production, cosmetics, and printing.

The combined annual global market value of Prextrolin  is estimated to exceed 10 Billion USD for coloring technologies across multiple industries. Additional information is available at www.nanobiomed.com.tr

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160930005278/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160930005278/en/ 
2016-02-24
Wall Street Says Yahoo Inc. Is Worthless. So Why Are 7 Companies Scrambling To ... If you ask Wall Street, Yahoo Inc. is virtually worthless. But as the ailing web portal puts itself up for sale, at least seven major companies are vying to buy it, possibly for as much as $4 billion. Why? Deep in its garage-sale pile of unprofitable investments and slow-growth content properties, Yahoo has a hidden gem: its industry-leading advertising technology.

The collection of the software and services Yahoo uses to deliver advertising to consumers through desktop and mobile is an untapped asset that could be leveraged by the right buyer to boost its own advertising offerings and make its web properties more attractive to media buyers. Since Yahoo began to explore bids from buyers last week, its stock price has hovered in the $31 range, putting the company s market capitalization at roughly $30.33 billion. Yahoo s investments in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, which are not for sale, are worth around $33 billion, which means Wall Street investors value Yahoo s core internet business at, er... less than zero.

Still, as of this week, Yahoo's list of suitors includes telecom and cable giants Verizon, Comcast and AT&T, as well as buyout firms Bain Capital, KKR & Co. and TPG, according to Bloomberg and publisher Time Inc.

Photo: Reuters/Mike Blake

 If you re smart, you can use Yahoo as a launching point for other advertising [efforts], says Johnny Won, managing partner at mobile advertising consulting firm, Hyperstop.  That s what [CEO] Tim Armstrong did at AOL. That s the thing that could make Yahoo profitable. 

Yahoo s buyer will get its hands on a comprehensive suite of ad-related properties. There s BrightRoll, an operation Yahoo acquired in 2014 that helps advertisers connect with a network of publishers and content partners to buy and sell video ads. Another of its properties, Yahoo Gemini, helps advertisers buy and build mobile search ads and sponsored content that blends into a publisher s website. Flurry provides mobile insights and analytics that advertisers use to target their ads in mobile apps based on user behavior and demographics.

As attractive as Yahoo s advertising technologies are to potential media buyers, they aren t being offered alone. Combined with Yahoo s audience of roughly 1 billion unique users per month, Yahoo could provide an immediate boost to any buyer looking to reach a wider audience of people and advertisers.

Purchasing a company for its ad tech isn t unheard of. Verizon employed the strategy with its $4.4 billion purchase of AOL in June 2015. In the sale, the telecom giant acquired everything from web properties such as the Huffington Post to AOL s video and display ad technology, which helps advertisers and media buyers to automate the process of buying ad placements across the desktop, video and mobile. For Verizon, purchasing Yahoo would be a continuation of this approach.

As for the rest of Yahoo s core internet business   its search, mail and news sites   industry analysts are placing its value at roughly a few billion dollars. It s not clear how much the ad tech would be worth without the content properties. But industry watchers say it s unlikely that the content businesses can be easily severed and sold separately.

 There s a misunderstanding on how you can run a large web portal and separate the ad tech,  says Johnny Won.  It doesn t separate itself out. It s one cohesive thing. 

For AT&T, acquiring Yahoo could bolster its AdWorks video ad business, which offers media buyers access to audiences on its U-Verse cable service and DIRECTV. As Comcast looks to diversify beyond its cable television assets, picking up some ad tech could also help jump start its efforts.

In the case of Time Inc., the venerable publishing company stands to benefit both from ad tech as well as Yahoo s audience. Following its spinoff from Time Warner in 2014, the magazine publisher has been in transition from print into digital, which is where a Yahoo acquisition could be key. Time would get Yahoo s ad tech and Yahoo s 1 billion monthly users. Additionally, the company could leverage some of Yahoo s stronger properties, including Yahoo Finance, to bring eyeballs to its own set of publications such as Fortune. Simultaneously, Time brands such as Sports Illustrated could lend additional brand power to properties such as Yahoo Sports.

 From Time s standpoint, as well as anyone on the print side, they need digital assets,  says Scott Rostan, president of Training The Street, a financial education company. "They need online viewers, eyeballs and page views. Just as newspapers and other historically print publishers, they re struggling to reinvent themselves in the digital age. Yahoo at least gives them a user base that they can work with. 

While Time is much smaller than Verizon and AT&T in terms of market capitalization, it may be able to achieve some savings in a Yahoo acquisition, according to Bloomberg. With a transaction known as a reverse Morris trust, Yahoo s core internet properties could merge with Time without a tax penalty.

In any case, whatever company acquires Yahoo will need to deal with one big thing when it comes to its core products   there s not much that differentiates them from bigger competitors such as Google.

 [The problem with Yahoo is] for most of what they do, there are alternatives that are just as good,  says Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research.  If Yahoo were to go away tomorrow, people would be able to switch to other services easily. No one would be upset if they went away.  Here's What Marissa Mayer Should Do After Yahoo Most people following Yahoo's meltdown don't need convincing that Marissa Mayer is on her way out. The CEO has faced criticism for extravagance, micromanagement, poor hiring decisions, and failure to deliver a promised turnaround throughout her tenure at the troubled company.

Following a 29 percent drop in the company's stock over the past year and Mayer's pledge during the company's fourth quarter earnings call earlier this month to cut staff 15 percent, speculation about who could succeed her has turned to earnest talk about the manner in which she'll leave. The possible sale of Yahoo to Time Inc. could push her out as part of the structure of the deal, according to reports.

So what do you do when you're known as the maligned CEO of a failing tech giant? Says Columbia Business School professor Rita Gunther McGrath, Mayer needs to find a way to reframe the story of what's happening at Yahoo if (read: when) she moves on from her role as CEO there.

"She needs to think about what her brand really stands for," says McGrath, whose work centers on strategy in uncertain environments. Mayer might want to frame her likely departure from Yahoo as the result of the company's board losing patience with a turnaround strategy that otherwise would have worked given more time.

Former GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, who was fired from her role as CEO of Hewlett-Packard by the company's board in 2005, could serve as one model for how Mayer might present herself. Shares of HP fell 55 percent and 30,000 workers were laid off while Fiorina held the role of chief executive.

But during her campaign, Fiorina positioned herself as a business leader in a tough position. "I was recruited to Hewlett-Packard to save the company, and I did that and we saved a lot of jobs in the process," Politico quoted the former candidate as saying last year. Similar hedging could help Mayer as she moves forward with her career.

Another person from whom Mayer can take a cue: Sallie Krawcheck, who was fired from her role as CFO of Citigroup. Krawcheck is now CEO of investment fund Ellevest, which focuses on women-led companies and women investors. The fund is slated to launch this year.

McGrath thinks it's unlikely Mayer will find herself leading another public company, adding, "I could be wrong--I'm sure there are counterexamples." More likely, she'll end up doing something on her own with her own resources, like angel investing, starting a venture capital fund, or consulting. Taking time off to consider her options and spend time with her three young children, wouldn't hurt, says McGrath.

"Here's a very skilled, very talented, knowledgeable person who has a lot of value to contribute, but probably not in [the role of CEO]," McGrath says of Mayer. Sled.com Owned by Yahoo; Mark Monitor Sold The domain name Sled.com which was owned by Yahoo! Inc. back in 2013, with the domain name registrar and brand protection company MarkMonitor.com just sold.

Since January 2014 the domain name whois changed from Yahoo, to the catch all for Mark Monitor clients.

Yesterday the domain name updated and the new owner of the domain is ELECTRONIC CREATIONS CORPORATION and the domain is registered at Uniregistry.

The purchase price is unknown at this time. MWC 2016: Every Big-Name Smartphone Announced at the Show, in Pictures BARCELONA   The biggest news out of every annual Barcelona-based Mobile World Congress is always some mobile phone announcement or another. MWC 2016 was no different.

Samsung used this year s MWC to unveil its new blockbuster Galaxy smartphones. And LG, Sony, HTC, and others also came to the show with new and impressive handsets.

Here s a photo roundup of all the big-name smartphones announced at MWC 2016.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter @danielwbean. And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook!

 
2016-12-31
Data Breaches, Whistleblowers and Augmented Reality Will Confront Courts in 2017 Thank you for sharing!

Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided. 
2016-07-05
Yahoo! Inc.: More Upside in YHOO Stock? By Jing Pan, B.Sc, MA Published : July 5, 2016

This Could Spark a Rally in Yahoo Stock

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock lost a lot of investor appeal in recent years. But that doesn t mean the company s over. In fact, if you got into Yahoo stock earlier this year, you would have made quite a bit of money. Since it bottomed in February, Yahoo stock has soared 42%.

Obviously, the biggest catalyst for the stock right now is the acquisition prospect. Since the company put out the  for sale  sign for its core assets, quite a few potential buyers have reportedly signed up for the auction, and they all have deep pockets.

It was reported last month that Yahoo has received multiple bids, with some of them at or above $5.0 billion. Among the bidders are Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ), AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T), Quicken Loans Inc., and some private equity firms. (Source:  Yahoo Has Received Multiple Bids at or Above $5 Billion for Core Business,  CNBC, June 9, 2016.)

Note that the opportunity in YHOO stock might not be over just yet. The company is expected to reveal the outcome of this auction sometime this summer, so there could still be some serious action in Yahoo stock.

By now, many investors have realized that while Yahoo stock is not as appealing as before, the company s core assets are more than attractive in the Internet business.

In today s Internet industry, growing one s userbase is a priority for almost every company. The idea is that once you get users in the door, there will be plenty of opportunities for monetization. And guess what? Yahoo just happens to have a userbase that totals one billion and it s all for sale.

One billion? Yes, there are more than one billion people globally who use Yahoo s e-mail, finance, sports, and video sites each month. Yahoo s e-mail service has 250 million monthly active users (MAUs) alone, while Yahoo! Finance has 81 million. (Source:  What Would You Do Without Your Yahoo? Avid Users Fret as Decision Looms,  USA Today, June 30, 2016.)

The major fact is that Yahoo did not amass its users in an instant. It took more than two decades for the company to build its giant userbase. What this means is that some of Yahoo s users are very loyal.

The much older relationship Yahoo has with its users is an attractive feature. For instance, Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOG)  Gmail  service was launched in April 2004, whereas people started using  Yahoo! Mail  as early as October 1997. The data Yahoo has about its loyal users could offer many interesting opportunities to the potential buyer.

However, it s not like all of Yahoo s assets are old stuff. Yahoo also owns Flickr, a photo sharing service that has more than 112 million users. (Source:  Thank You, Flickr Community,  Flickr Official Blog, June 10, 2015.) Then there s Tumblr, which was bought by Yahoo in 2013 and has 555 million active blog users. (Source:  Leading Social Networks Worldwide as of April 2016, Ranked by Number of Active Users,  Statista, last accessed July 1, 2016.)

Note that even without the prospects of being acquired, Yahoo has made some serious progress on its own. Last year, the company launched more than 30 major new products and more than 400 features. This helped the company attract new users as well as deepen the engagement level on Yahoo s products. (Source:  Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer Hosts 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Transcript,  Seeking Alpha, June 30, 2016.)

These initiatives also improved the company s top line. In 2015, Yahoo generated nearly $5.0 billion in revenue, an eight percent increase year-over-year. The company also reached more than 600 million mobile MAUs, which is up roughly three times since the company shifted to its mobile strategy in 2012.

The Bottom Line on Yahoo Stock

Of course, those improvements are probably a bit too late to bring the company back to center stage in the Internet industry. However, its solid prospects could help Yahoo get a better price from potential buyers. Right now, few things are more exciting for Yahoo stock investors than a great offer.

Image source: Flickr; Image copyright 2007, Christian Barmala The latest Yahoo offers are due tomorrow, with the final round expected in two ... Yahoo suitors will offer up their third round of bids tomorrow, according to sources close to the situation, yet another sluggish step in the endless process that has become the sale of the former Silicon Valley powerhouse.

Remaining bidders   including Verizon and a group headed by Quicken Loans  Dan Gilbert   have been told that the final selection process will take place around July 18.

For those just tuning in: Gilbert, who is fresh off a big win after his Cleveland Cavaliers bested the Golden State Warriors in the NBA finals, has the financial backing of Warren Buffett. The effort by Verizon, the telecom giant that has long been considered the front-runner for Yahoo, is being led by AOL head Tim Armstrong.

Those bids and others from private equity players such as TPG have ranged from about $3.5 billion to over $5 billion, depending on whether patent and real estate assets are included.

That s obviously quite low   especially compared to the recent fast and furious $26 billion sale of LinkedIn to Microsoft, which included a number of other bidders. More to the point, it s not much more than Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has paid out for a spate of largely unsuccessful acquisitions in her four-year tenure.

It will be interesting to see how activist shareholder Starboard Value   whose leader Jeffrey Smith now has several Yahoo board seats   will react to what are essentially subpar offers for the company. He had pushed for the sale and now is presiding over what could be a very tepid one.

While some involved have predicted that the low, low prices offered might cause no sale to happen at all, Yahoo shares have jumped several dollars in the last month as investors anticipate the eventual deal. In addition, rumors of more buyers entering the scene continue to circulate, such as the notion that SoftBank (owner of Yahoo Japan, in which Yahoo holds a big stake) could make an offer now that former Googler Nikesh Arora has left. He was pushing for an end to large annual fees that Yahoo was paid by the Japanese company for its ownership in the asset, but was against any bid.

Yahoo held what could be its final annual shareholder meeting last week. There, Mayer had nothing to say about the sales process but did note that her turnaround efforts continue to show promise. We ll see results of that contention on July 19, a day after the final pick could be named, when Yahoo is most likely to announce its second-quarter earnings.

If those results are bad, as expected, it won t be good; hence the impetus to get some outcome before those financials are out there and stinking up the place.

What else? Not much, but in this ongoing soap opera, you never know. Perhaps some news will come out of the annual Allen & Co. event taking place in Sun Valley this week  although it is highly unlikely, given that the Kabuki montage of shorts-wearing moguls being licked up and down is pretty much all the coverage you get from there. In any case, many of the Yahoo bidders, except apparently not Mayer, are expected to attend, so perhaps there will be some chatter around the billionaire campfire. Yahoo suitors to offer up their third round of bids Wednesday- Recode  
2016-05-12
Revisiting My Yahoo Investment: A Declining Search Business I started analyzing Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) in late 2013, prior to writing about the company in August and November of the following year. At that time, YHOO was trading around $40 per share. My research, and that of numerous other analysts, found a company that was trading well below its sum-of-the-parts value. With a market capitalization of $36-38 billion, $40+ billion attributed to Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), and a negatively valued core business, this seemed like a no-brainer investment.

Two years after my initial investment, my Yahoo shares have returned a paltry 3%, compared to a 9% S&P 500 return during the same period. This was a stock that was supposed to generate a 30+% return, if we look back at the price targets set by several banks. It did so briefly, when Alibaba began approaching a $300 billion market capitalization post IPO, as Yahoo stock closely imitates Alibaba's performance. However, as Alibaba shares have settled around a $200 billion value as of late, we have also seen a settling of Yahoo shares. At the time of writing, Yahoo's market capitalization is $35.8 billion, essentially unchanged from the time of my investment - the slight difference attributed to Alibaba's performance and the company's buyback program. Here are the details of trends I overlooked in my analysis, and my opinion regarding the core business spin-off.

Revenue Trends

(Source: Yahoo Inc. Q1 2016 Financial Highlights)

Revenue has remained stagnant at Yahoo over the last five years, staying within the $4.6-4.98 billion range. While acceptable for a company in the midst of a turnaround, come July CEO Marissa Mayer will be entering her fifth year at the role, and she has announced that 2016 will see a decrease in revenue. Yahoo is projecting $4.4-4.6 billion in revenue in 2016, as compared to $4.968 billion in 2015. As of Q1 of this year, Search accounts for 45% of the company's revenue - a 1% YOY increase in source revenue contribution, but a $50 million decrease in Search revenue at $492 million, compared to $542 million in the prior year. While Search revenue increased in 2015 compared to 2014, it was due to higher price-per-click, as Yahoo has seen its search query market share decrease during the same period.

(Source: Yahoo Inc. Q4 2015 Financial Highlights)

The company has recognized this and is aggressively building its Mavens (also stylized as "MaVeNS": Mobile, Video, Native, and Social) business. Mavens is projected to contribute just under $2 billion in revenue in 2016, but will account for over two-thirds of GAAP revenue by 2020 as a $4 billion segment.

Decreasing Search Market Share

(Source: NetMarketShare)

(Source: NetMarketShare)

As depicted in the above graphs, Yahoo has seen a steady decrease in search market share for over 4 years. Its global Search market share on desktop was 7.2% as of April, boosted in November 2014 by its default search agreement with Mozilla. Globally on mobile, Google (GOOGL, GOOG) is unmatched with its 95% market share.

(Source: Statista)

In the US - its largest revenue contributing market at 80% - Yahoo's search market share is gradually decreasing. Currently, the platform is positioned at roughly 12% market share, also boosted in November 2014 by its default search deal within Firefox. In addition, Bing's recent growth, both domestically and in the global markets, have eaten into Yahoo's market share. Bing is a $1.5 billion business for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), three times larger than Yahoo's search business, which in turn, also powers over 50% of Yahoo's searches. Keep in mind, Microsoft offered to buy Yahoo for $45 billion at one point.

In search, market share is king. With it, advertisers flock to your platform and you can be more aggressive in the rates you charge per ad. While Yahoo is still a relevant platform in search and is generating higher price-per-click, it is quickly losing market share to Bing and Google. The company will have to continue to invest in Mavens if it wants to become a more relevant advertising platform.

Core Business Spin-Off

Like many Yahoo investors, I read what seems like every article related to the impending Yahoo spin-off. It's an area of solace for many frustrated investors who are patiently waiting to realize any form of financial gain relating to Yahoo or Alibaba.

Yahoo's core business is still an attractive asset. During the company's Q4 2015 earnings call, CEO Marissa Mayer confirmed Yahoo's collective platform still draws one billion monthly active users. Mayer also mentioned the company's monthly active users on mobile doubled in 2015. While its search market share is decreasing, the platform is still capable of drawing users and advertisers.

The company's advertising platform is a meaningful business and is enticing to potential acquirers. Motif Investing reported on Seeking Alpha that as many as 40 companies had expressed interest in Yahoo initially, including SoftBank Group (OTCPK:SFTBY), Britain's Daily Mail (OTCPK:DMTGY, OTC:DMTGF), and Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME). The current frontrunner seems to be Verizon (NYSE:VZ). I won't comment on the synergies on a Verizon acquisition, as many other analysts have already provided color on the potential deal.

With the addition of Starboard Value LP's chief executive, Jeffrey Smith, and three of his nominated directors to Yahoo's board, shareholders are fairly confident a spin-off will materialize in the coming months.

Conclusion

After four years at the helm, Marissa Mayer's Yahoo is still struggling to grow in a crowded search and advertising market. Bing is quickly grabbing market share in the US, and Yahoo's mobile aspirations will struggle to compete with Google. In advertising, the competition is even greater with Bing and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) in the mix.

Yahoo's core business can be viable with the right acquirer. If acquired, the company will have access to the capital needed to rapidly grow its Mavens business, potentially reaching the $4 billion segment target before 2020. But that is not the reason I am holding this stock. Though I will likely hold to on to my shares going forward, it is due to my desire to hold on to Alibaba, not the potential $6 billion ad business that is Yahoo.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 5 Billionaires Who Graduated from Stanford University (GOOG, YHOO) Harvard University may produce more billionaires overall, but Stanford University has been the launching pad for most of the technology billionaires who have made nearby Silicon Valley famous. Beginning with tech pioneers William Hewlett and David Packard, who met at Stanford in the 1930s, Stanford has produced a long string of entrepreneurs who have shaped the digital world. The list continues to grow, with dozens of startups incubating in Stanford's labs and dorms at any given time. These are some of the most celebrated Stanford graduates who are now among the richest people in the world.

Google Founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin

Larry Page and Sergey Brin met when they were in their early 20s, as Ph.D. students in computer science. Brin, who was already in the program, was assigned to Page as a guide for a campus tour. Legend has it the two didn t immediately hit it off, spending most of their first day together arguing. They eventually started working on projects together, culminating in the development of a paper titled  The Anatomy of a Large-Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine,  which became one the most downloaded scientific documents in the history of the Internet. Page and Brin left the Ph.D. program in 1997 to focus on creating what would eventually become Google Inc. They took Google public in 2004 and raised $1.67 billion, which gave the company a market capitalization of $23 billion. By age 27, Page and Brin were multibillionaires. In December 2015, Google s parent company, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG), surpassed Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) as the most valuable company in the world. As of April 2016, Page was worth $36.6 billion and Brin was worth $35.8 billion.

Yahoo Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo

Jerry Yang and David Filo became friends in 1991 while sharing an office together in a doctoral program. The two students became infatuated with a new technology called the Internet. Yang and Filo found themselves spending days and nights surfing websites, but they grew increasingly frustrated with the difficulty of navigating the Web. There was no organization to the data, which made it difficult to find Web pages they had previously visited. In 1994, they wrote software for a site that categorized Web pages, calling it  Jerry and David s Guide to the World Wide Web.  Over the next couple of months, their site attracted thousands of users, prompting them to simplify its name and form a company called Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO). After turning down numerous acquisition offers, Yang and Filo decided to take the company public in 1996, with Yang serving as the company s CEO. Yang stepped down as CEO in 2009 and left the board of directors in 2012. Filo continued on as the company s chief of technology. As of April 2016, Yahoo was valued at $35.33 billion, and Yang and Filo were worth $1.89 and $2.9 billion, respectively.

PayPal Founder Peter Thiel

It is very likely that, while at Stanford, Peter Thiel never envisioned himself as a future Silicon Valley entrepreneur. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy in 1989 and earned a law degree from Stanford Law School in 1992. After clerking for an appeals court judge for a year, he joined Credit Suisse Group (NYSE: CS) as a trader, before striking out on his own to start Thiel Capital Management. While giving a lecture at Stanford in 1998, Thiel met Max Levchin, a computer scientist who had been working on the concept of a digital wallet. Thiel and Levchin founded Confinity, which developed the PayPal product. Following the success of the product, the company adopted the name of PayPal Inc. (NASDAQ: PYPL). Shortly after its initial public offering (IPO) in 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY). Thiel moved on to start Clarium Capital hedge fund. Thiel was the first outside investor to invest in Facebook Inc. (NYSE: FB) during its early stage. He later sold a large portion of his stake for more than $1 billion. He remains an investor and a board member of Facebook. Thiel continues to build his fortune through venture capital activities and has become very active in philanthropy. In April 2016, his net worth was $3.3 billion. 
2016-04-30
TUNE IN TODAY: Yahoo Hosts First-Ever Live Stream of Berkshire Hathaway ... NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tune in as Yahoo! Inc (Nasdaq:YHOO) hosts the first-ever live stream of Berkshire Hathaway s annual shareholders meeting today, April 30, kicking-off with live coverage and analysis from Yahoo Finance Editor-in-Chief Andy Serwer, on-the-ground at CenturyLink Center Omaha. Audiences will be able to watch live on Yahoo Finance - across desktop, tablet and mobile - as Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett and his right-hand man Charlie Munger share their unscripted views on the company, the markets, the economy, and whatever other topic that may come up. Watch the live stream here: http://yhoo.it/BRKLive

The schedule of LIVE coverage includes:

10:00am ET -- Yahoo Finance Preshow

-- Yahoo Finance Preshow 10:30am ET -- Live stream of morning session featuring the Q&A with Buffett and Munger

-- Live stream of morning session featuring the Q&A with Buffett and Munger 1:00pm ET -- Yahoo Finance Halftime Report

-- Yahoo Finance Halftime Report 2:00pm ET -- Live stream of afternoon session featuring additional Q&A and business meeting

Throughout the Preshow and Halftime Report we ll also feature a number of live and pre-taped interviews with the Yahoo Finance editorial team, including: Warren Buffett, Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway; Matt Rose, BNSF CEO; John Gainor, Dairy Queen CEO; Randy Watson, Justin Boots CEO; Jim Weber, Brooks Running CEO; Mike Searles, Benjamin Moore CEO; songwriter, and long-time Buffett friend Paul Anka; author and international speaker Robert Miles; legendary business journalist Carol Loomis; Sr. Partner, Munger Tolles & Olson, Ron Olson; BRK-B shareholder and series creator of  Breaking Bad  &  Better Call Saul  Vince Gilligan; Chair, CEO and Chief Designer of Kathy Ireland Worldwide, Kathy Ireland; and many others.

The shareholders meeting live stream will be available in both English and Mandarin, and will be delivered in 1080p HD quality. Embeddable VOD replay will be available on Yahoo Finance for 30 days following the meeting. For more information, and to register for regular updates on the Berkshire Hathaway Live Stream on Yahoo Finance, go to: http://yhoo.it/BRKLive

Follow the conversation on Twitter with @YahooFinance #BRKLiveStream

**Usage Terms available upon request Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer Could Get $55M in Severance Pay in Potential Sale SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER

SAN FRANCISCO (AP)   Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will walk away with a $55 million severance package if the company s auction of its Internet operations culminates in a sale that ousts her from her job.

The payout disclosed in a regulatory filing Friday consists of cash, stock awards and other benefits that Mayer would get should she be forced out as CEO within a year after a sale.

Although Yahoo s board is still evaluating takeover offers, most investors are betting that the company will decide to sell its well-known brand and an Internet business that includes a popular email service and sections focused on sports and finance.

Mayer, a former Google executive, has been unsuccessfully trying to turn around Yahoo for nearly four years. Instead, Yahoo s long-running slump has deepened during her reign, making her pay a prickly topic among investors.

 I don t think this management team has done anything to merit a huge payout,  said Eric Jackson, managing director of SpringOwl Asset Management, a Yahoo shareholder critical of Mayer s leadership.

Yahoo declined to comment beyond its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The documents didn t explain the rationale for the severance packages covering Mayer and other Yahoo executives, although they are common at most publicly held companies as a way to maintain some stability during times of uncertainty.

Mayer received a compensation package valued at nearly $36 million last year under the SEC s accounting rules. Yahoo s board maintained in its filing that it was only worth about $14 million as of April 1.

The chances of a sale happening at Yahoo Inc. increased earlier this week when the Sunnyvale, California, company reached a truce with activist investor Starboard Value, an outspoken critic of Mayer s that has been pushing her to sell. Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith is now one of three Yahoo directors on a special committee assessing the bids for the Internet business.

Although Yahoo s hasn t set a timetable for reaching a decision, most analysts expect a deal to be struck within the next two months at a price ranging anywhere from $4 billion to $10 billion.

In an opinion shared by most of his peers on Wall Street, RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney says he believes Verizon Communications is the most likely buyer. After snapping up AOL Inc., another fallen Internet start, for $4.4 billion, Verizon has publicly expressed interest in taking over Yahoo, too.

That has spurred speculation that AOL CEO Tim Armstrong will shove aside Mayer if Verizon buys Yahoo s Internet operations. Armstrong was a top advertising executive at Google during much of the same time Mayer was working on some of the products that helped turn Google into the Internet s most powerful company.

Mayer s inability to boost Yahoo s advertising sales at a time that marketers are shifting more of their budgets to digital services is the main reason investors are pushing the company to cash out and turn its Internet operations to a new owner.

Last year, for instance, Yahoo s board set a target asking management to generate $4.6 billion in revenue, after subtracting ad commissions. That would have been a modest 5 percent increase from the previous year. Yahoo s revenue last year instead came in at $4.1 billion.

The company this year expects its revenue after ad commissions to decline another 15 percent to a projected $3.5 billion.

Mayer is nearly done with a cost-cutting plan that is jettisoning 15 percent of Yahoo s workforce in an effort to boost profits as revenue drops.

Yahoo s stock added a penny to close Friday at $36.60, more than double its value in July 2012 when the company hired Mayer. But the run-up has been driven by the rising value of Yahoo s stake in China s e-commerce leader, Alibaba Group.

The investment in Alibaba was made long before Mayer s hiring, although she has been unsuccessfully trying to find a legal way to avoid paying taxes when the stake is sold. 
2016-07-16
When Yahoo Ruled the Valley: Stories of the Original 'Surfers' Two decades after Yahoo s founding   the equivalent of several lifetimes in Silicon Valley   Elvis still serenades the surfers at the headquarters here in Sunnyvale, and Yahoo is at a crossroads. The company, long since eclipsed by Google and Facebook, now commands just a tiny fraction of people s attention and advertisers  dollars.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Yahoo is auctioning itself off. Bids are due on Monday, the same day the chief executive, Marissa Mayer, is expected to report yet another quarter of dismal financial results.

Most, but not all, of the surfers have scattered across Silicon Valley and the world. The careers of some followed the arc of the tech world s obsessions and idiosyncrasies over the last 20 years. Others took their stock windfalls and dropped out to pursue other passions. Taken together, the surfers, about 10 of whom are still in the building, embody the technological and cultural changes that transformed the valley and the world   and left Yahoo in the dust.

Back in 1994, when the directory was born, search engines were rudimentary and ineffectual. Newbies were just learning how to navigate the World Wide Web. The very idea of a website was novel.

Two Stanford graduate students, Jerry Yang and David Filo, saw opportunity. Working from a trailer on campus, they began compiling websites into a list, organized by topic. They eventually named it Yahoo, an acronym for Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle.

Photo

It quickly became one of the most important gateways to the web. The value proposition was simple, said one longtime surfer, Dave Sikula:  We ve done the work for you   we ve gone through the web and these are the best sites. 

That required an army of people, said Srinija Srinivasan, employee No. 5 at Yahoo, who was hired to build the original surfer team.

It was serious work, deciding how to label things and where to put them. What do you call a category that includes skinheads and the Ku Klux Klan? What kind of pornography should be considered for inclusion, given that  sex  was the most popular search term from the start?

Much was left to individual judgment. Matthew Mustapick, who quit a job at Wells Fargo to become a surfer in 1995, recalled creating the  cannibalism  category. He found sites explaining how to butcher a human body but decided they were too distasteful to include.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Amey Mathews, who worked as a Yahoo surfer from 1998 to 2002 (and is now married to Mr. Mustapick), discovered in the course of her work that the Irish originally carved their jack-o -lanterns from turnips, not pumpkins. After that, the surfers held a turnip-carving contest every Halloween.

The directory survived until 2014. But by then, most of the surfers  time already went to other projects. Many of them worked to improve Yahoo s search engine as it battled with Alphabet s Google subsidiary. Still, Yahoo s star continued to fade, particularly with the rise of smartphones and social applications like Facebook and Twitter.

Today, some former surfers ponder the company s fate with sadness and a hint of regret at opportunities missed.  Yahoo Mail is still my primary email. My home page is still My Yahoo. I still look at the sports page,  said Mr. Sikula, who is a stage director and freelance editor after being laid off in 2010 as part of a big surfer cutback.

 But I don t know why the company exists. And I think that s what they are trying to figure out, too. 

Photo

Srinija Srinivasan

 THE NATURE OF BEING 

If she hadn t chosen to study Japanese at Stanford, Srinija Srinivasan would never have found herself in charge of building Yahoo s directory into a guide to the internet for a curious world.

Ms. Srinivasan, who grew up in Kansas, was an undergraduate attending a tech-focused Stanford program in Kyoto, Japan, when she got to know two fellow students over shared meals   Jerry Yang and David Filo. After graduation, she was working on the Cyc Project, an early effort to create artificial intelligence, when the pair asked her to help them turn their directory into a real company.

 Jerry and David knew that I alphabetized my CDs,  Ms. Srinivasan, 44, said in an interview in her Palo Alto, Calif., home.  My sock drawer is quite beautiful. 

When she joined, her business card read Ontological Yahoo, a term reflecting her philosophical approach to the job.  This is not a perfunctory file-keeping exercise. This is defining the nature of being,  she said.  Categories and classifications are the basis for each of our worldviews.  

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Faced with the vastness of the web, Yahoo surfers hoped to identify the most complete, relevant or interesting sites on a given subject. To choose which topics to focus on, the surfers relied in part on a daily log of visitors  top queries.

Once in a while, surfers made mistakes. For instance, they initially categorized Messianic Judaism as a Jewish sect, failing to notice that its adherents, who follow many Jewish traditions, believe that Jesus Christ was the Messiah, a defining trait of Christians.  We had faxes coming in nonstop from rabbis,  Ms. Srinivasan said.

Yahoo also offered automated search tools by teaming up with various companies, including AltaVista and Google. Eventually, though, Yahoo realized that it had to develop its own version of the technology.

Human judgment   what Mr. Yang referred to as  the voice of Yahoo    remained a core value of the company. When the Grateful Dead musician Jerry Garcia died in August 1995, Yahoo searches on him spiked immediately. The surfers put a Garcia link on the home page.  That was the birth of Yahoo News,  Ms. Srinivasan said. Today, it remains one of the most popular online news portals.

The surfers  role as corporate conscience expanded with the company. They worked on a child-safe version of Yahoo, called Yahooligans. They selected the news headlines worthy of home-page display. Over time, Ms. Srinivasan and her team even fielded questions like how much cleavage to allow on home-page ads.

Despite its efforts, Yahoo kept losing ground to Google in search. Microsoft made an unsuccessful hostile bid to buy the weakened company in 2008. Ms. Srinivasan left two years later, soon after Mr. Yang stepped down as chief executive.  In Japan, they have a saying: Leave when the cherry blossoms are full,  she said.

Ms. Srinivasan now splits her time between Palo Alto and Brooklyn, where she is working on a music start-up, Loove. The company is trying to revamp how the music industry works and help audiences understand the full story behind what they listen to, much as the farm-to-table movement did for food.

She also sits on the board of trustees of her alma mater, Stanford, a school that has churned out several generations of Silicon Valley moguls. But unlike many former technology executives, Ms. Srinivasan focuses her attention there on the arts and humanities.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

 Tech is sexy. It s employable. Parents love it,  she said.  All of that isn t worth a hill of beans unless we know why, to what end. We call it the humanities for a reason. 

Seana Meek

CAPTAIN CANADA

Yahoo, like the early web itself, was largely focused on American content. But it had global ambitions. Seana Meek, an Alberta native and a single mother, was working for Futurekids, which taught children computer basics, when Yahoo hired her to organize the Canadian sites in its directory.

For Ms. Meek personally, it kicked off a 20-year career odyssey through modern Silicon Valley and some of the tech industry s most significant trends: e-commerce, virtual reality, fraud-fighting   even a mobile haircut app.

When she started, Yahoo was fumbling in Canada. Technically, it had a separate Canada site, but it relied on the American directory for its searches.

Employees asked her why the most popular search term among Canadian users was the word Canada.  That s not a mystery,  Ms. Meek, 41, recalled saying.  In Canada, you do  government  and you get American results. So you do  government Canada.  You do anything and then you add  Canada  to it. 

After the dot-com bubble burst in 2000, Yahoo s dysfunctions began to surface. In 2002, the company transferred Ms. Meek s job to Toronto. Less than 90 days later, it closed that office and sent her and two engineers back to the American headquarters.

She got a promotion from the mess: Yahoo put her in charge of the content, ads and business deals for Yahoo Canada. She was nicknamed Captain Canada and had a ringside seat to one of the company s biggest decisions   dumping Google as a search partner and switching to technology from its Inktomi acquisition instead.  They were scared to do it. So they did it in Canada first,  she said.

In 2008, she left the company, embarking on a journey through Silicon Valley s laboratory of business ideas, big and small. First she joined a tiny start-up, Picateers, that was trying to reinvent the school portrait business. It folded a year later.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

From there she went to Linden Lab, the creator of Second Life, the tech industry s first big foray into virtual reality. Players interacted with one another online in a 3-D simulated world, where they could buy and sell things, make friends, or just gawk at the scenery.

Second Life was an extraordinary experiment in human behavior, she said. An employee could change something in the virtual world, then just watch what happened.  You are literally a god,  she said.

Next for her was Eventbrite, an online event-planning and ticketing company. There she worked to protect against credit card fraud.

In 2013, she abandoned the corporate life to make a movie, a still-unreleased indie thriller, called  Veracruz.  Now she runs her own one-person firm, Snare Labs, which helps small merchants detect suspicious transactions. She is also working with her nephew on an app, Sharpcut, to summon barbers on demand.

And she says, she is casting about for the next challenge.  It s a funny time in my life where there is definitely no script,  she said.

Photo

Matthew Mustapick and Amey Mathews

YOGA AND ACOUSTIC GUITARS

Working long hours in close quarters, it was inevitable that some surfers would find romance.

For Matthew Mustapick and Amey Mathews, working at Yahoo didn t just lead to love. The lessons they learned   and the money they made from the stock they received as early employees   allowed them to achieve a different kind of Silicon Valley dream: dropping out of tech to do their own thing.

Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

Ms. Mathews, who had a fine arts degree from Stanford, joined in 1998 after responding to an ad looking for a speaker of Scandinavian languages.  I told them I didn t speak any Scandinavian languages   but I speak Italian and you should have someone who speaks Italian,  she recalled during an interview at the couple s home in Soquel, Calif.

Yahoo had an Italian speaker already, but she got a job anyway. Mr. Mustapick sat in a nearby cubicle, and they eventually became a couple.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Surfers were free to reflect their personal interests in the directory. Ms. Mathews loved animals and indexed all the dogs, cattle, even miniature donkeys, she could find. Mr. Mustapick was fond of cataloging oddities like prosthetic testicles for pets that had been neutered.

Mr. Mustapick left Yahoo in early 2002. Ms. Mathews followed later that year.

Ms. Mathews, who became a yoga teacher while at Yahoo, started teaching full time when she left. Yahoo, in fact, became one of her first clients. The Yahoo stock provided a vital cushion.

 I could afford to lose money for a whole year when no one came to my class,  she said.

Mr. Mustapick turned toward music.  I always wanted to learn how to play electric guitar like Scott Henderson,  he said, referring to the jazz and blues guitarist. That interest led him in an unexpected direction   he began building acoustic guitars with an eye toward selling them.

Having looked at hundreds of thousands of websites while at Yahoo, he had a good sense of how to market online, well before the era of Twitter and self-promotion as a national pastime. He built a website and posted photos of guitars he was building so customers could watch the progress.

And he consciously befriended the right people.  They just put the word out for me,  he said.  That was the sort of thing I learned at Yahoo that you could do. 

He ended up making about 100 guitars, selling them for $3,000 to $10,000 apiece, before closing the business a few years ago. Mr. Mustapick, 47, is now studying jazz piano.

Today, neither of them wishes to return to an office job. Ms. Mathews, 43, has found her bliss teaching yoga, blogging about veganism and painting.

Still, she remembers Yahoo fondly.  I loved being around that many smart, interesting, engaged people,  she said.  I actively miss that in my daily life   not enough to go get a job and give up what I m doing, but I do miss it. 

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Gordon Hurd

BACK FOR ROUND 3

Nine years ago, Gordon Hurd quit Yahoo for the second time. In June, he began working for the company again   Round 3   this time as a freelance writer.

In the intervening years, Mr. Hurd toured the struggling new-media landscape   first, the Yahoo archrival AOL; then, Interactive One, a network of black news and culture sites; later, First Look Media, created by the eBay founder Pierre M. Omidyar; and most recently, a men s fashion site, Man s Life. There was even a brief stint at McKinsey & Company, the consulting firm and  the most corporate place you could go,  he said.

He is one of many surfers who left, then came back through the revolving door, sometimes unexpectedly. One group of ex-surfers jumped to Polyvore, a social shopping start-up founded by three Yahoo engineers in 2007, only to wind up back at Yahoo last year when it bought the company.

Mr. Hurd s first run with Yahoo started in 1998 when he was hired to organize the business and finance parts of the directory. The starting pay was only $35,000 a year, he recalled. But there were stock options.

 I didn t make millions by any means,  said Mr. Hurd, 45, in a phone interview from Brooklyn, where he lives. But he bought a house.

A restless soul, he left Yahoo in 2002 to become an investigative reporter for a local magazine. Less than a year later, with a second child on the way, Mr. Hurd returned to Yahoo, eventually helping run the influential home page.

In 2007, he hopped to McKinsey and then quickly to AOL, where he ran Asylum.com, a lifestyle site aimed at men age 18 to 34. The business model was to create vast amounts of content in the hope that visitors would click on ads.

That didn t happen.  What it underlined is how much of a commodity content was,  Mr. Hurd said. Asylum was shut down.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Mr. Hurd moved on to Interactive One, the digital arm of Radio One, the largest black-owned radio broadcaster in the United States, which struggled to crack the content code, too. Volume trumped quality.  You know people will click on a subway-fight video, but you want to talk about what it s like to be a millennial of color,  Mr. Hurd said.

First Look Media, although funded by a tech billionaire, was plagued by internal strife. Man s Life wound down after less than a year.

Which is how, today, Mr. Hurd is back at Yahoo, writing articles for its style site while he ponders his next move.

More than ever, he thinks there is a need for the type of work that Yahoo s surfers did 20 years ago.  The web has gotten so big that you need people to curate it,  he said.

However, he sees that curation coming from subject experts, not mass-audience sites like Yahoo. Niche sites with a devoted following could work with select sponsors hoping to reach a particular audience, he said.

 If you re a person who s really dedicated to the art of handmade knives, and you set out to categorize the sites of handmade knives, only you can do that. Google can never do that,  Mr. Hurd said.

Photo

Becky Uline

A GRAND ADVENTURE

When Becky Uline graduated from Bowling Green State University in Ohio in 1996, she didn t really know what she wanted to do with her life. A friend was raving that he had discovered paradise   living in Northern California and working for a company few people had ever heard of, Yahoo.

She and another Bowling Green graduate, Michelle Heimburger, thought it would be a grand adventure. They both got hired as surfers and rented an apartment together.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

The building was so empty at first that surfers would zip through it on in-line skates.  We would sleep under our desks,  Ms. Uline, 42, recalled during an interview at her current home in Oakland, Calif.

Her roommate, Ms. Heimburger, made headlines a few years later when she spent $350,000   part of her Yahoo stock windfall   to buy the century-old Franklin Castle in her hometown, Cleveland. To celebrate, she threw a huge housewarming party, inviting all of Yahoo and the Cleveland Indians baseball team to the festivities.

In 2001, Ms. Uline gave her notice. She wanted to travel the world, financed in part by her Yahoo nest egg.

Paris became a favorite haunt.  I would sublet my apartment out for a few months and just go and work from wherever,  she said. She freelanced for Yahoo and also tapped the vast network of surfer alumni, landing work at the visual-search start-up SearchMe and elsewhere.

Six years ago, she stopped wandering and decided to focus on her music. The year 2013 was big: her band, the Northerlies, released its debut album; she married the guitar player, Brian Anderson, who had worked at Excite, another early search site; and their son, Neil, was born.

Yahoo s decline is sad, Ms. Uline said, but she still feels a connection. Her closest friends are former Yahoos, including Ms. Heimburger, who married yet another surfer and lives in London.

A few months ago, Ms. Uline, said, she dropped Yahoo as her home page, but she missed it and changed it back.  I still use Yahoo search. I want them to get the revenue,  she said.

Photo

ConnieAlice Hungate

SURFING BY ANOTHER NAME

When Yahoo set out to hire surfers, it invented a new job category. The closest match may have been bookstore clerk   and Kepler s Books in nearby Menlo Park turned into a recruitment hotbed. About a dozen surfers were hired away from the shop, including ConnieAlice Hungate.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Ms. Hungate, 46, is still at Yahoo more than 18 years later, supervising what remains of the surfer team. She said the group, renamed content analysis and management, is still vital to the company s ambitions to remain a player in web search.

Search ads bring in nearly half of Yahoo s revenue. Under a 2010 deal with Microsoft, Yahoo uses Microsoft s Bing search engine for most basic queries and ads.

Ms. Mayer, Yahoo s chief executive, has devoted vast resources to search technology   particularly on mobile devices   in an attempt to leapfrog Google, though the company has little to show for it so far.

Ms. Hungate said her team helped train Yahoo s search algorithms to provide more relevant results. The mobile search app, for example, now automatically pulls up suggestions for nearby places to eat when lunchtime rolls around.

The surfers also worked on the recent release of Yahoo s Radar travel app, which uses a messaging-style interface to recommend restaurants and activities based on data from TripAdvisor and Yelp.  We re doing all kinds of experiments every day,  Ms. Hungate said.

The Elvis sculpture, a 1998 gift from a Yahoo user, still watches over the department, and the turnip-carving contest is held every Halloween   with results posted on Flickr, the photo-sharing service owned by Yahoo.

Ms. Hungate said she was not worried about what would happen to the surfers if the company was sold.  Information management is a core need in technology,  she said.  We ll adapt.  
2016-10-11
Twitter is the new Yahoo, so expect a long and bumpy ride A service that originally found millions of fans as part of a new computing paradigm eventually hits a ceiling for the number of users it can attract, leading to a flagging stock, questions about its raison d  tre, and larger companies considering a merger to add eyeballs or brand cachet.

Yep, that s Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.83% But it is also very similar to the story of Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% and investors who have jumped in on Twitter the past couple of weeks might want to consider how long (and how many failed efforts) it took to find a Yahoo deal that still isn t quite done yet.

Like Yahoo, whose board was pressured by an activist hedge fund to sell its core business, Twitter s board appears to have mixed feelings about the sale. Chief Executive and co-founder Jack Dorsey is said to not be 100% behind the move to sell the company, much as Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Yahoo s board appeared to have diverging interests when Mayer continued to work on and tour her plan to turn Yahoo s core business around as the board pursued a sale.

 We think the CEO would like to see whether many of his recent initiatives can work in turning around Twitter user and engagement growth before seeking strategic alternatives,  SunTrust analyst Bob Peck wrote in a note last week, referring to Dorsey and the latest turns in the Twitter soap opera.

Dorsey faces board and investor skepticism about his turnaround plans for the company, just like Mayer. Dorsey s dilemma is also parallel to that of Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang, who, like Dorsey, returned to the CEO helm at his creation to reignite growth.

Yang returned to Yahoo in 2007, and was a key force inside the company rallying against an unsolicited $44.6 billion offer from Microsoft in 2008 for the internet pioneer. That deal, as we all know, never happened, with Yahoo seeking a higher price and Yang later stepping down under pressure from activist investors like Carl Icahn who wanted a deal with Microsoft.

Dorsey has said nothing publicly about acquisition interest, but he did reportedly write an internal memo rallying the troops that  we can do this  as an independent company. Meanwhile, reports that potential acquirers such as Walt Disney Co. DIS, +0.14% , Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% and Salesforce.com Inc. CRM, -0.29% will not take the plunge have sent Twitter stock plunging in the past two sessions.

Yahoo s ultimate deal to find a buyer happened roughly eight years after Microsoft s first entreaty, with a $4.8 billion deal announced with Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.61% in July. In between, several acquisition rumors raised investors  hopes and caused Yahoo stock to swing.

The current hype surrounding Twitter s possible acquisition feels as though it could end like Yahoo s Microsoft moment, though Salesforce is an interesting wild card. While the deal makes no sense for his company, Chief Executive Marc Benioff has made public comments supporting Twitter, similar to Verizon s CEO publicly discussing the possibility of buying Yahoo earlier this year. Fresh from a rejection by LinkedIn s board, which preferred Microsoft s all-cash $26 billion offer, Salesforce faces the same difficulties in finding cash for a Twitter deal, and many investors do not see Twitter s hefty market cap as worth it.

Other media conglomerates could still have the idea under consideration, but it s clear that for all its brand recognition and hundreds of millions of users, Twitter is not as hot a property as one might expect. One hope is for another parallel with Yahoo: Periscope, its live video service, would have to find breakout growth like Yahoo s stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.38% which is not part of the Verizon deal.

That kind of growth for Periscope could take a while, though, and Twitter s value could plummet similar to Yahoo s core offering in the years between Microsoft s failed bid and Verizon s current effort. So, as this round of acquisition rumors winds down, Twitter investors should take note of Yahoo s long and winding road as a hint to what could lie ahead if Dorsey and the board don t make a deal now. Why Twitter, Yahoo, Illumina, and Two Other Stocks Are Trending on Tuesday Traders are focused on the API report today as the market awaits new catalysts to send prices moving again.

Among the securities that traders are also watching are several major tech companies and one life sciences company, Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM), Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ:ILMN), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), and Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ). Let s find out why investors are talking about the five stocks and use data from 13F filings to determine the hedge fund sentiment toward each stock.

We believe that imitating hedge funds and other large institutional investors can be helpful in identifying stocks capable of outperforming the broader market. Through extensive research that covered portfolios of several hundred large investors between 1999 and 2012, we determined that following the small-cap stocks that large money managers are collectively bullish on, can generate monthly returns nearly 1.0 percentage points above the market (see the details here).

Although many traders gave up on the possibility of a Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) buyout as shares of the company fell 11.5% on Monday to below $18 a piece, there may still be some chance of a bid. According to Reuters, salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) is  still deliberating whether it should make an offer  for the social media company. According to Reuters  sources, Salesforce management is debating as to whether it should make a  lowball  offer in light of Twitter s lower price and the lack of other bidders. Given the lack of apparent synergies between the two companies, many of Salesforce s major shareholders are against the acquisition. However, Salesforce s CEO Marc Benioff has never really followed conventional wisdom. If there is a bid, the bid might be too low for Twitter to accept or it might just be enough to satisfy both companies  shareholders. Of the 749 funds that we track, 30 were long Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) and 60 funds held shares of salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) at the end of June.

Follow Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Follow Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Trade (NYSE:TWTR) Now!

Follow Salesforce Com Inc (NYSE:CRM) Follow Salesforce Com Inc (NYSE:CRM) Trade (NYSE:CRM) Now!

Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ:ILMN) shares have fallen by over 24% after the company reported preliminary revenue for its third quarter of fiscal 2016. For the three months, Illumina estimates its sales at $607 million, or considerably lower than management s previous guidance of between $625 million and $630 million. According to the company, the shortfall was driven by a larger than anticipated year-over-year decline in high throughput sequencing instruments. Due to lower demand, the company expects its fourth quarter sales to be flat to slightly up sequentially. Philippe Laffont s Coatue Management raised its stake in Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ:ILMN) by 19% to 572,623 shares during the second quarter.

Follow Illumina Inc (NASDAQ:ILMN) Follow Illumina Inc (NASDAQ:ILMN) Trade (NASDAQ:ILMN) Now!

On the next page, we will examine Yahoo, and Verizon Communications. 
2016-10-27
The New Macbook pro: Thinner, lighter, faster and pricier Apple s new MacBook Pro

Apple has finally unveiled a major overhaul of its MacBook Pro line of premium notebooks after years of anticipation. Revealed during an event at Apple s Cupertino, Calif., campus on Thursday, the new MacBook Pro 13-inch and MacBook Pro 15-inch feature slimmer designs and more powerful components. Most interesting of all, the new MacBooks have a touch-screen display above their keyboard called the Touch Bar.

Step up to the bar

The Touch Bar is a thin Retina Display strip that provides you with basic controls like the classic Escape key, as well as screen brightness, volume and a dedicated Siri button. But what s truly impressive is Touch Bar s ability to provide program-sensitive controls depending on the application you re running.

View photos

So, if you open mail, the Touch Bar will provide you with Mail-specific apps. Open Photos and you ll be able to scrub through your entire photo library, edit pictures and more. And if you re in Safari, your Touch Bar will populate with your bookmarks, as well as your address bar and back button.

Apple demonstrated several other scenarios in which the Touch Bar can be helpful, such as by moving controls normally hidden in toolbar menus, so they re easier to access on-the-fly.

The Touch Bar also incorporates Apple s second-generation Touch ID fingerprint sensor, which you can now use to unlock your MacBook, as well as authorize online payments.

Bigger track pad, better keyboard

Besides the Touch Bar, one of the biggest changes you ll notice when you open your new MacBook Pro is how freaking huge its trackpad is. To call it big is an understatement. It s damn near monolithic.

Naturally, the track pad uses Apple s Force Touch technology, which means it doesn t actually depress when you press it. Instead, it produces a vibration that simulates a click. In addition to the new trackpad, Apple has equipped the MacBook Pros with the company s second-generation butterfly switch mechanism.

It s essentially the same type of keyboard found in the ultra-thin MacBook, but Apple promises improved key feel and travel. That s especially important, as the MacBook s keyboard has been criticized for its lack of feel.

Thinner and brighter

Of course, Apple had to shrink the size of both the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros. The 15-inch model is now 14% thinner and, at 4 pounds, 0.5 pounds lighter than the previous generation. The 13-inch Pro, meanwhile, is 17% thinner than its current iteration and is also 0.5 pounds lighter at 3 pounds.

View photos

Apple also says the new MacBook Pro s displays are 67% brighter and offer 67% greater contrast ratios, as well as 25% greater color gamuts. That means images will look brighter and more colorful than ever before.

Putting a price on power

In terms of performance, the 15-inch Pro comes with a 6th-generation 2.6-Ghz, quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, a 256GB SSD and AMD graphics chip. The 13-inch MacBook Pro gets a 2.9-GHz, dual core Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, a 256GB SSD and built-in Intel graphics..

There s also a base MacBook Pro 13-inch that has a slightly less powerful Intel Core i5 processor and no Touch Bar.

Both the 13-inch MacBook Pro and 15-inch MacBook Pro feature four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which also function as USB C ports. That means you ll have to buy an adapter for your old mouse. Oh, and your iPhone, since Apple s only its latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with standard USB to Lighting cables. So yeah, enjoy that.

The basic 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with just two Thunderbolt 3 ports.

As far as battery life, Apple says both the 15-inch and 13-inch MacBook Pros will get an impressive 10 hours of battery life each. Yahoo says received 12,666 global total government data requests during 1H of 2016  
2016-08-10
Yahoo! Inc.: There Are Hidden Gems in YHOO Stock By Tony Termini, BS, MIM Published : August 10, 2016

RemainCo Feels Like a VC Fund to Me

When Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) announced its $4.8-billion acquisition of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) on July 25, my initial reaction was,  yeah, so what? After the deal closes, YHOO stock will go away and so will everyone s memory of it, just like what happened to AOL, Inc., coincidentally owned by Verizon. 

After doing a little digging, though, it became obvious that there are some hidden gems that make Yahoo attractive, even before the deal closes next year.

But let s review the terms of the acquisition first 

Verizon is buying the operating business of Yahoo. That means the Yahoo web site people use as their home page and all of the other aspects of Yahoo s online presence: Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Sports, Yahoo! Entertainment, etc. They also get a bunch of other properties and brand names that may not be as recognizable, including Brightroll, Flurry, and the better-known Tumblr. When the deal closes sometime in the first quarter of 2017, Verizon will end up with these and nearly a billion of Yahoo s customers (Source:  Verizon to acquire Yahoo! s operating business,  Verizon Communications Inc., July 25, 2016.)

What Remains at  RemainCo ?

What Verizon is leaving behind is an entity referred to in its press release as  RemainCo,  which is a name that feels like a venture capital fund to me. This is what makes Yahoo stock so interesting right now. The two best-known assets of RemainCo will be Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) and Yahoo! Japan. The value of these two assets alone is more than $33.0 billion. (Source:  Notes to Financial Statements/Note 8 Investments in Equity Interests,  Securities and Exchange Commission, June 30, 2016.)

According to Yahoo s form 10Q, assets that will end up in RemainCo currently generate approximately $141 million of net income, not including an additional $145 million attributable to Yahoo! Japan. So, right off the bat, you re looking at a company with current earnings per share (EPS) of about $1.20 annually, given that there are 949.92 million shares of Yahoo stock outstanding. Don t forget that RemainCo will have an additional $4.8 billion in cash (getting its total kitty up to close to $10.0 billion) to grow its business or acquire others. So, these are the things we know for sure remain at RemainCo.

Is There Buried Treasure In Yahoo Stock?

We get a hint at what we don t know in the Verizon press release announcing the acquisition. In it, the company points out that Yahoo s  non-core patents  (included in an entity called Excalibur IP, LLC) are not part of the deal. For me, these are the most intriguing components of what remains at RemainCo.

While these patents may not be  core  to Yahoo s current business, we have no idea what their real value is to a potential buyer or to RemainCo itself. Since we have no idea what RemainCo s plans are as a going concern, the patents may end up playing a part in what guides the company s future direction. There are some 2,650 (maybe even more) patents in the Excalibur portfolio. (Source: Yahoo Assigns 2,648 Patents To Mystery Excalibur IP, LLC Group,  SEO By The Sea, May 2, 2016.)

Heaven only knows the real value of these 2,600 patents. By some accounts, they are worth $1.0 billion. Others have suggested that they could fetch as much as $4.0 billion. (Source: Yahoo Has a Strong Patent Portfolio, But Reported Valuation is Too High, PatentVue, April 13, 2016.)

Chart courtesy of www.StockCharts.com

Regardless of their potential value to a buyer or what RemainCo does with them (monetizes them or sells them outright), those patents have incremental value. When you take this into consideration with the potential future value of Alibaba and Yahoo! Japan, there could still be some meaningful upside to RemainCo. It would be like finding buried treasure. Medpace Holdings, Inc. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Medpace Holdings, Inc. ( Medpace ) today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 7,000,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $23.00 per share. All of the shares of common stock are being offered by Medpace. In addition, Medpace has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,050,000 shares of common stock from Medpace at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Medpace s common stock is expected to begin trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on August 11, 2016 under the ticker symbol  MEDP,  and the offering is expected to close on August 16, 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.

Medpace intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay a portion of its outstanding borrowings under its senior secured term loan facility.

Jefferies LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint lead book-running managers for the offering. UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are also acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. are acting as co-managers for the offering.

The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained, when available, by contacting:

Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, via telephone: 1-877-547-6340, or via email: Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; or

Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, Eleven Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, via telephone: 1-800-221-1037, or via email: newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com.

A registration statement relating to the securities being sold in the offering has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About Medpace

Medpace is a scientifically-driven, global, full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO) providing Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Medpace s mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its physician-led, high-science, and disciplined operating approach that leverages regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system and anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, Medpace employs approximately 2,300 people across 35 countries.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160810006232/en/ Yahoo's list breaking down its competition shows the company still has no idea ... For years, Yahoo has been criticized for failing to understand what it really is.

Is it a search engine? A web portal? A news site? An advertising tech company? All of the above?

Well, based on how Yahoo describes its competition in its latest quarterly filing, it looks like Yahoo still has no clue what it really wants to be.

Here's what it says:

"We face significant competition from online search engines, sites offering integrated internet products and services, social media and networking sites, e-commerce sites, companies providing analytics, monetization and marketing tools for mobile and desktop developers, and digital, broadcast and print media.

In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial services."

What does that mean? It means Yahoo's competing in all of these areas one way or another:

- Online search

- Internet services, like email

- Social media

- E-commerce

- Data analytics

- Marketing and advertising technology

- Messaging

- Media

For a company that generates about $5 billion a year, that's a lot of different areas to be in. Yahoo's scattershot approach is also pretty interesting when you compare the language to how other companies describe their competition.

Here's what Google says:

"We have many competitors in different industries, including general purpose search engines and information services, vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, social networks, providers of online products and services, other forms of advertising and online advertising platforms and networks, other operating systems, and wireless mobile device companies...Our competitors are constantly developing innovations in search, online advertising, wireless mobile devices, operating systems, and many other web-based products and services."

Here's Facebook:

"We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that provide tools to facilitate communication and the sharing of information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers."

Here's Twitter:

"Although we have developed a global platform for public self-expression and conversation in real time, we face strong competition in our business. We compete against many companies to attract and engage users, including companies which have greater financial resources and substantially larger user bases, such as Facebook (including Instagram and WhatsApp), Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft and Yahoo, which offer a variety of Internet and mobile device-based products, services and content."

And Amazon:

"Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content and electronic devices, and web and infrastructure computing services."

At least Yahoo is now under a restructuring plan that will narrow its focus to three platforms (search, email, Tumblr) and four content verticals (news, finance, sports, and lifestyle), as well as its Gemini and Brightroll ad offerings. And with its sale to Verizon, it's likely Yahoo will be a much more focused company. Still, it's an interesting reminder that spreading a company's resources too thinly across many different areas often don't work.

Get the latest Google stock price here. Connecture, Inc. Investigated For Securities Fraud By Block & Leviton After ... BOSTON, Aug. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Block & Leviton LLP (www.blockesq.com), a securities litigation firm representing investors nationwide, is investigating whether Connecture, Inc. ("Connecture" or the "Company") (CNXR) violated federal securities laws following the Company's announcement that has significantly reduced its 2016 revenue guidance, resulting in harm to investors.

Shares in Connecture plunged nearly 31% on August 9, 2016, and continue to fall, after the Company announced that it was reducing its 2016 revenue projections by more than $20 million, from a previous range of $100-110 million to $85-88 million. This news and the resultant stock drop has caused significant losses to Connecture investors.

If you purchased or otherwise acquired Connecture securities prior to August 8, 2016 and have questions about your legal rights or possess information relevant to this investigation, please contact attorneys Steven Harte or Bradley Vettraino at (617) 398-5600, by email at steven@blockesq.com or bradley@blockesq.com, or visit www.blockesq.com/connecture.

Confidentiality to whistleblowers or others with information relevant to the lawsuit is assured.

Block & Leviton LLP is a Boston-based law firm representing investors nationwide. The firm's lawyers have collectively been prosecuting securities cases on behalf of individual and institutional investors for over 100 years, and have recovered billions of dollars on their behalf. Block & Leviton's investigations into corporate wrongdoing were recently covered by the New York Times.

This notice may constitute attorney advertising.

CONTACT:

Block & Leviton LLP

Steven P. Harte

Bradley J. Vettraino

155 Federal Street, Suite 400

Boston, MA 02110

(617) 398-5600

steven@blockesq.com

bradley@blockesq.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/connecture-inc-investigated-for-securities-fraud-by-block--leviton-after-slashing-its-2016-revenue-projections-300311836.html 
2016-08-05
Oil traders prepare fond farewells to Yahoo Messenger A Yahoo messenger logo is displayed on a monitor in this photo illustration shot April 16, 2013. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo

(This Aug. 5 story corrects second paragraph to say Yahoo Messenger would begin shutting down on Aug. 5 and will stop working on Aug. 31, 2016.)

By Henning Gloystein

SINGAPORE Oil traders on Friday were lamenting the imminent demise of their main communication tool, Yahoo Messenger, which has been an industry standard since the late 1990s.

Yahoo Inc said last week it would begin shutting down older versions of Yahoo Messenger on Aug. 5 and will stop working on Aug 31.

Because Yahoo was free, it democratized access across market participants, as a trader only needed a computer and internet connection. The new version does not meet the industry's standards for compliance, which is why traders have to move elsewhere.

Traders and analysts have been preparing for the inevitable transition this week, putting their new ICE, AOL and Skype usernames in their Yahoo messages to avoid losing contacts.

"You have no idea how much I'll miss Yahoo Messenger," said a senior oil trader in Singapore who has been in the business for 20 years.

"I built up hundreds of contacts on it over more than a decade. I have Yahoo friends I have never met, but with whom I spent many hours bantering and joking. It also made me a lot of money. Now that it's gone, I could cry."

With Messenger's end, the highly-opaque oil industry may become even more so, given the challenge of the fragmented communication market.

Some said it could force players back to the telephone.

"I think any cross-broking from one messenger platform may mean people use the old friend   the phone," said Matt Stanley, a fuel oil broker at Freight Investor Services in Dubai.

Yahoo, which in July announced the sale of its core business unit to Verizon Communications Inc, took the oil industry by storm in the late 1990s.

Its free instant messaging technology revolutionized the industry, helping usher in a new era of high-speed communication that changed the way millions of barrels of oil traded daily.

But the online, follow-up version to Yahoo's standalone messaging software cannot be used by the industry. It fails to meet compliance standards because conversations cannot be saved locally.

"It's kind of a pain registering and getting started again," said Tariq Zahir at Tyche Capital Advisors. "It works fine, but traders are creatures of habit. You get used to it."

As a result, oil traders, brokers, analysts and also reporters covering the oil industry have been scrambling for alternatives.

They include ICE's Instant Messaging; Symphony, in which 18 of the world's biggest financial institutions hold stakes; Bloomberg Messenger; Thomson Reuters' Eikon Messenger; AOL's AIM and Facebook's WhatsApp.

(Additional reporting by Libby George in London and Catherine Ngai in New York; Editing by Richard Pullin, Dale Hudson and David Gaffen) CORRECTED-As Yahoo Messenger shuts down, oil traders bid a fond farewell (Corrects paragraph 2 to say Yahoo Messenger would begin shutting down on Aug. 5 and will stop working on Aug. 31, 2016.)

By Henning Gloystein

SINGAPORE Aug 5 As European and American markets open on Friday, oil traders face a new era with Yahoo Messenger, the main tool used by traders to communicate since the late 1990s, shutting down.

Yahoo Inc said it would begin shutting down older versions of Yahoo Messenger on Aug. 5 and it will stop working on Aug. 31.

A raft of alternatives exist, but many oil industry users say they will dearly miss Yahoo Messenger, with even the odd tear being shed in memory of what became a much loved tool in an otherwise unsentimental industry.

"You have no idea how much I'll miss Yahoo Messenger. I built up hundreds of contacts on it over more than a decade. I have Yahoo friends I have never met, but with whom I spent many hours bantering and joking. It also made me a lot of money. Now that it's gone, I could cry," said a senior oil trader in Singapore who has been in the business for 20 years.

With Yahoo Messenger's end, the oil industry has to deal with a fragmented communication market, which some say will force the market back to the telephone.

"Yahoo was great as an aggregator for all commodity participants so I think any cross-broking from one messenger platform may mean people use the old friend - the phone," said Matt Stanley, a fuel oil broker at Freight Investor Services in Dubai.

"So in some kind of ironic way, you may see stronger relationships formed now people have to interact the old school way," he added.

FRAGMENTED AFTERWOLD

Yahoo, which in July announced the sale of its core business unit to Verizon Communications Inc, took the oil industry by storm in the late 1990s.

Its free, instant messaging technology revolutionized the industry, helping usher in a new era of high-speed communication that changed the way millions of barrels of oil traded daily.

The online, follow-up version to its standalone messaging software cannot be used by the industry as it does not meet compliance standards like saving conversations.

As a result, oil traders, brokers, analysts and also journalists covering the oil industry have been scrambling for alternatives, of which there are plenty, including Eikon Messenger, ICE Instant Messaging, Symphony, Bloomberg Messenger, Twitter, and WhatsApp.

The inevitable fragmentation of the market is seen as a nuisance by most: one study concluded that Eikon Messenger had done well in the power, natural gas and dry-bulk markets like coal or iron ore, while ICE Instant Messenger had managed to garner much support in oil, and Symphony was heavily supported by banks.

"Let's face it, it's not the end of the world. But Yahoo's beauty was that everybody used one platform," said one Asian fuel broker.

"Now, we all use several platforms, and that's a bit of a pain," he added.

Reuters News is a division of Thomson Reuters, which operates Eikon Messenger and competes with other systems to provide messaging services to financial markets.

(Editing by Richard Pullin) Why Marissa Mayer's 130-Hour Workweek Idea Is Hogwash I do my best work from about 6 to 10 every morning.

The neurons are firing at full-speed, the toasted bagel is providing some fuel for standing up all day at my desk. (That's right, I'm testing standing desks again, including one that has a treadmill and a Bluetooth connection.)

Late at night, I jump on to check email and browse through news feeds. I typically work about 40 hours in a week, but I tend to be a bit sporadic about when I'm at my desk. I cherish those early morning hours. I dive in at 4 p.m. and crank out some more work, feeling a burst of energy because I plan to log-off at 5 p.m. no matter what.

In the past, I've written about the incredible effort it takes to start a company and build up momentum. One of my favorite stories is about the entrepreneur who told me he did two or three power lunches per day to promote his startup. He must have had a massive expense account. I've been known to send off a hundred emails in a 15-minute span (none of them are spam) in a furious rapid-fire attempt to find sources or track down cool products. I know what it means to work incredibly hard.

I know it takes perseverance and dedication. Yet, a comment today from Marissa Mayer in an interview seemed so off base that I worry there's an app developer, public relations guru, or product design genius who will read what she said and decide to start working three times as hard, and end up in the hospital from fatigue.

She said, in the early days of Google, people would work as much as 130 hours in a week, including an all-nighter. She claims that was the recipe for success, but the recipe is seriously flawed. Scientists have proved her wrong. Working more hours is not effective. Working smarter, taking breaks, choosing when you work, and leading a team more effectively will produce better results in the long run.

There's a reason working smarter is more effective. From my experience, whatever I'm producing at 3 a.m. is garbage anyway. In a short span--say that 6 to 10 a.m. window--I'm producing better work than anything I'd do in the late evening. You might think this depends on the job you're doing, but it's all about the science. We have a limited capacity for processing information. We have a few "circuits" and some adrenaline to help push ourselves, but it won't last long. In fact, science has found that you can blow out your adrenal glands pretty easily. (There's even a name for that--it's called adrenal gland dysfunction.) It's not possible to work 130 hours per week and still sleep soundly. There are only 120 hours in a five-day period!

Worse than this, Mayer even suggested that employees planned out their eating and bathroom breaks in order to work that much. The whole point here is that the argument is wrong. Working 130 hours does not lead to success. Working smarter leads to success. Also, perseverance is not the same as long hours. Perseverance is refusing to take no for an answer. It is not a timeframe. It is never giving up on an idea. It is leading with so much conviction and purpose that success eventually finds you rather than the other way around. It's about availability, dedication, and integrity, not about all-nighters. It sends a mixed message to people running a company that all you have to do is check email at 3 a.m. to make everyone love your widget. I'd say it's the opposite. You have to figure out how to work smart enough during the prime working hours and avoid checking email at 3 a.m. at all costs, because that practice can lead to outright failure and fatigue. It's unhealthy and unwise. It leads to health problems, a lack of balance in work and life, and even depression.

A better plan: Make a better widget. Sometimes, working longer hours and producing a worse product is the one thing that prevents people from succeeding.

And about my 40 hours: I'm trying to figure out how to work less and make each hour count for more than it has in the past. I'd rather spend my free time reading books. We all get 24 hours in a day, which levels the playing field. It's not how many hours we burn up working; it's how many hours we don't burn up. 
2016-12-15
Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation of Yahoo! Inc ... NEW YORK, Dec. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is investigating Yahoo! Inc. ("Yahoo" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:YHOO) for another major cyber-attack. Yahoo! account users are advised to contact the firm for additional information: www.bgandg.com/yhoo3.

On December 14, 2016, Reuters reported that Yahoo's massive cyber-attack affected over 1 billion user accounts in August 2013, making it the largest data breach in history. This announcement of the August 2013 hack impacts twice as many accounts as the 2014 hack that was revealed in September. Following the announcement of the 2014 cyber-attack, Verizon Communication Inc announced that it might withdraw from an agreement to buy Yahoo's core internet business for $4.83 billion and said, "we will review the impact of this new development before reaching any final conclusions."

With news of the 2013 hack, Yahoo made all of its users reset their passwords, which following the announcement of the 2014 hack, Yahoo only recommended a password reset. Yahoo stated that it believes the hackers responsible for the previous breach were able to access Yahoo's proprietary code giving them the ability to forge "cookies" could allow hackers to get into accounts without passwords. Bruce Schneier, a cryptologist and reliable security expert said, "Yahoo badly screwed up," and "They weren't taking security seriously and that's now very clear. I would have trouble trusting Yahoo going forward."

Yahoo does not believe this hack related to the 2014 hack, but believes hackers may have accessed account users' names, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords and encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.

Yahoo learned about the breach while examining company data that was handed over by law enforcement. Yahoo said that FireEye Inc's Mandiant unit and Aon Plc's Stroz Friedberg are now aiding the investigation.

If you have a Yahoo! account, you may have been affected by this breach. You can contact the firm at www.bgandg.com/yhoo3 or contact Peretz Bronstein or his Investor Relations Analyst, Yael Hurwitz of Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC: 212-697-6484.

Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is a corporate litigation boutique. Our primary expertise is the aggressive pursuit of litigation claims on behalf of our clients. In addition to representing institutions and other investor plaintiffs in class action security litigation, the firm's expertise includes general corporate and commercial litigation, as well as securities arbitration. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

Contact:

Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC

Peretz Bronstein or Yael Hurwitz

212-697-6484 | info@bgandg.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bronstein-gewirtz--grossman-llc-announces-investigation-of-yahoo-inc-yhoo-for-the-largest-data-breach-in-history-300379193.html Why Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) and Barrick ... Stocks bounced back rather well from Wednesday s setback, with investors digesting the possibility of more rates hikes in 2017 than they were previously expecting. By the time the closing bell rang, the S&P 500 had regained 0.39% to end the day at 2,262.03.

It wasn t a winner for every name though. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE: VRX ), Barrick Gold Corporation (USA) (NYSE: ABX ) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) were all underwater in the shadow of ugly headlines.

Here s a closer look.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Oops! Yahoo did it again.

Actually, it happened three years ago. Internet giant Yahoo didn t know it until recently, alerting users as well as YHOO shareholders that it had discovered yet-another breach that happened in 2013. Add it to the one the company did learn about and finally told the market about earlier this year   two years after it happened.

This time around, the breach garnered data of more than a billion users, though the complete scope of hack has still not been determined.

The reports come at the worst possible time for YHOO shareholders who were counting on a pending acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) to serve as an effective  out  of an otherwise troubled trade. With the prospects that the deal will go through being dinged up a bit after September s announcement of a 2013 data breach, today s news opens the door wide to a much lower acquisition price, or maybe even an outright cancellation of the deal.

YHOO ended the day down 6.1%.

Barrick Gold Corporation (USA) (ABX)

Most gold stocks were rather deep in the red today, but none among the large caps so much as Barrick Gold; ABX fell 5.0% on Thursday.

The prod for the pullback was the Federal Reserve s decision from Wednesday to raise interest rates not just immediately, but likely to raise them three more times before the end of 2017. Higher rates means a higher-valued U.S. dollar, and since gold is priced in U.S. dollars, gold took a hit   to the tune of 3%. That setback has been particularly tough on highly leveraged gold miners like ABX.

Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX)

Last but not least, the sordid saga for Valeant Pharmaceuticals sunk to new lows today, with VRX shares doing the same.

The meltdown was still underway, but accelerated on Tuesday on the heels of reports that three key executives were resigning. Former CFO Rob Rosiello, Executive Vice President Anne Whitaker and Executive Vice President Ari Kellen are all stepping down.

Later that day, activist investor Bill Ackman fanned the bearish flames that scorched VRX by reporting his fund had sold a substantial portion of its Valeant position in order to harvest tax losses. But it s also a sign of his waning commitment to the company.

Morgan Stanley threw another log on the fire today, downgrading VRX from  Overweight  to  Equal weight  today, essentially admitting the firm s optimism was flat-out wrong. Analyst David Risinger explained:

 Since our upgrade in August, our investment thesis that management would stabilize the business and execute accelerated deleveraging via divestitures has been wrong. When we upgraded Valeant shares from EW to OW on August 17, 2016, we expected business stabilization and material divestitures. Neither has happened to date. Additionally, Valeant announced the departure of certain executives on Dec. 12 (see Executive departures an area of concern), and we no longer believe that shares can outperform. 

VRX lost 3.7% of its value today.

As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Mondelez International Inc ... The Federal Reserve did exactly what everyone knew it was going to do, but despite telegraphing a rate hike for some time, the markets still reacted with a broad down day. The S&P 500 Index slipped 0.8% on Wednesday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.6% and the Nasdaq Composite declined 0.5%.

As we head into Thursday s trade, the spotlight has come off the Fed and onto Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ), Mondelez International Inc (NASDAQ: MDLZ ) and Pier 1 Imports Inc (NYSE: PIR ) took center stage Wednesday.

Here s what you should know going into today s trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

YHOO shares are off this morning after the company reported yet another years-ago breach.

Yahoo said yesterday that it had been notified of a breach involving the information of more than 1 billion users. The breach occurred in August 2013, with the information including  names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth and passwords,  according to a Wall Street Journal report. YHOO believes this was a separate hack than the one from 2014 it reported earlier this year.

Once again, this thrusts Yahoo in a negative light, putting the company s acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) in question. Verizon said in July that it would purchase Yahoo s core business for $4.83 billion, but after the 2014 breach disclosure in October, the company made it clear it might pay less.

YHOO shares were off 3% in early Thursday trade.

Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ)

MDLZ shares were up soundly on Thursday amid rumors of a possible takeover.

Early reports said the international foods giant and Kraft Heinz Co (NASDAQ: KHC ) were in talks, though people familiar with the matter shot that down.

Mondelez actually was spun off from Kraft back in 2012, and despite enjoying a few years of gains, activist investor Bill Ackman had been agitating for the company to sell itself. Mondelez also tried to purchase Hershey Co (NYSE: HSY ) earlier this year, but its bid was shot down.

MDLZ initially popped more than 10% on the first report, though its gains are waning as the rumor denials spread through the news. As of this writing, MDLZ was up just 3%.

Pier 1 Imports Inc (PIR)

PIR shares have just been shot out of a cannon.

Pier 1 s most recent earnings topped expectations, with the per-share figure of 22 cents coming in far better than analysts  estimates for 13 cents, not to mention its own projections for a range of 9-15 cents. Revenues of $475.9 million were slightly down year-over-year, but managed to top expectations for $466.42 million

Comparable-store sales were 1.8% higher year-over-year. E-commerce sales were strong, coming in at $97.4 million, marking a 28% surge. Meanwhile, the company has been shrinking, operating 33 fewer stores compared to the previous year.

The company also said Terry London will be interim president and CEO effective Jan. 1, 2017. He will replace Alex W. Smith, who announced his resignation earlier this year.

PIR stock was set to open 30% higher on Thursday. Yahoo Failed to Protect Consumers From Hacking, Lawsuit Says New York consumer seeks to pursue suit for all U.S. users

Verizon Said to Look at Scrapping Yahoo Deal on Hacking

Yahoo! Inc. allowed hackers to access personal and confidential information of its users and failed to warn consumers of a cybersecurity breach, a proposed class-action lawsuit claims.

The suit followed within hours of Yahoo s disclosure Wednesday that a second major security breach may have affected more than 1 billion user accounts. The company said in a statement then it hasn t been able to identify the  intrusion   associated with the theft, which occurred in August 2013.

Suzanne Philion, Yahoo spokeswoman, declined to comment on the lawsuit.

In September, Yahoo said the personal information of at least 500 million accounts was stolen in 2014, exposing data from a wide swath of its users. Yahoo said the attacker was a  state-sponsored actor   and stolen information may have included names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, dates of birth, encrypted passwords and, in some cases, encrypted-security questions and answers.

 Yahoo failed, and continues to fail, to provide adequate protection of its users  personal and confidential information,   New York consumer Amy Vail said in the complaint.  Yahoo users  personal and private information has been repeatedly compromised and remains vulnerable.  

Vail filed the suit as a class action, seeking to represent all U.S. Yahoo users. Multiple lawsuits were filed after the first breach disclosure as well; those suits have been combined before one judge in San Jose, California. An initial case-management conference is scheduled for March 2.

The case is Vail v. Yahoo! Inc., 16-cv-07154, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). Germany Slams Yahoo Over Cybersecurity Practices The silhouettes of attendees are seen before the start of the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, Aug. 26, 2015.

The silhouettes of attendees are seen before the start of the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, Aug. 26, 2015. Michael Nagle Bloomberg via Getty Images

Germany's cybersecurity authority, the Federal Office for Information Security (BSI), criticized Yahoo on Thursday for failing to adopt adequate encryption techniques to protect its users' personal data.

The BSI also advised German consumers to consider switching to alternatives for email after Yahoo ( yhoo ) disclosed a second data breach that raised fears Verizon ( vz ) might kill a deal to buy its core internet business.

Get Data Sheet , Fortune s technology newsletter.

BSI President Arne Schoenbohm said the protection of customers' data should be the top priority for all internet service providers.

"Considering the repeated cases of data theft, users should look more closely at which services they want to use in the future and security should play a part in that decision," he added in a statement. "There is an array of German email providers for whom security is not a foreign concept."

For more, read: Here's How Much Yahoo Shares Are Dropping After Latest Hack Reveal

Noting that Yahoo was using the MD5 hash function to encrypt passwords, the BSI said this was no longer considered "state of the art and is to be regarded as unsafe." Yahoo and Other Breaches Drive Surge in Corporate Hacking Insurance The 1 billion users affected by Wednesday s Yahoo cyberattack news are the most recent victims of the rising data breach issue across the world. Here s a look back at the last few years  biggest breaches. Photo: Robert Galbraith/Reuters

Cyberinsurance is the fastest-growing insurance product in America, fueled by a slate of recent corporate and government hackings.

Yahoo Inc. on Wednesday disclosed that an unauthorized third party stole data associated with more than one billion user accounts in 2013, the company s second disclosure of a data theft this year. In October, a distributed denial-of-service attack left hundreds of websites unreachable, including Twitter... Cybersecurity ETFs rise following news of another Yahoo hack The pair of exchange-traded funds that track the cybersecurity industry rose on Thursday, boosted yet again by the latest in a series of massive data breaches.

The rash of cyberattacks that have persisted throughout 2016 with Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% late Wednesday disclosing its second major hack of the year, affecting as many as 1.5 billion users have underlined the vulnerabilities that exist online and have created a compelling investment thesis for owning the industry dedicated to online protection.

Yahoo s hack follows a number of other notable breaches, including the adult dating and hookup network FriendFinder, where the information of more than 400 million users was potentially exposed, and Dropbox Inc.

The attacks have impacted more than just companies. In July, the emails of the Democratic National Committee were hacked; the messages subsequently appeared on WikiLeaks and were cited by many as a contributing factor to Hillary Clinton s loss in the presidential election.

Knowing how to safeguard one s self from such attacks can be confusing or intimidating, but the crimes have underlined the demand potential that could exist for the companies combating internet vulnerabilities.

The PureFunds ISE Cyber Security ETF HACK, -0.90% an ETF comprised solely of stocks tied to the cybersecurity industry, has become one of the most popular ways for investors to get exposure to this fast-growing tech subsector. The fund launched in November 2014 and attracted $1 billion in investor money within seven months. It now has $764.8 million in assets under management.

The ETF rose 0.7% on Thursday; it is up 5.3% thus far in 2016. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.68% is up 11%.

 It made sense to offer a fund that looks at the overall space. You don t want to just be in one name because this is a volatile industry, and some solutions can become obsolete overnight,  said Andrew Chanin, chief executive officer of PureFunds. He added that the fund included firewall-related investments, antivirus companies, multifactor authentication outfits and entities that deal with post-attack recovery.  It s a very diverse group, but they re all covering this growing concern. 

Read more about Chanin: How a 29-year-old grew a $1 billion tech fund in 7 months

Another fund tracking the burgeoning digital security space the First Trust NASDAQ Cybersecurity ETF CIBR, -1.06%  has done even better, though it is less used. Since being launched in July 2015 it has amassed $107.7 million in assets and a 30-day average trading volume of 33,000 shares. HACK s average volume is above 210,000 shares.

The fund also rose 0.8% on Thursday, but it has gained nearly 13% on the year. Over the past month, it has seen inflows of $22 million, according to FactSet data.

The two funds boast a similar composition, with four of the First Trust ETF s top 10 holdings also appearing in the top 10 of the bigger fund, albeit in different proportions.

According to a 2015 report from the Ponemon Institute, which tracks cybercrime, the cost of hacks has risen 82% over the past six years.

Chanin said that  most companies are underprepared  for a possible hack.  That highlights the potential for more spending on cybersecurity going forward, and for more M&A as technology and defense companies realize they need to have a bigger footprint in the space. 

The industry has been a popular one for takeovers. In June, Cisco Systems itself a top 10 holding in both ETFs agreed to buy the privately held cloud-security firm CloudLock Inc. for $293 million, a deal followed by Carbon Black Inc. s purchase of Confer Technologies Inc. for $100 million in July.

It has also been a rare corner of the market to see strong, consistent organic growth. The holdings of the PureFunds ETF have seen average annual revenue growth of 18.9%, according to FactSet data, while the First Trust ETF s holdings have seen average revenue growth of 15.9%. To compare, revenue growth for the holdings of the SPDR S&P 500 ETF SPY, -0.65% which tracks the overall market, are under 1%.

Among PureFund s top holdings, AVG Technologies NV has posted average revenue growth of 15.4% over the past five years, according to FactSet data. Over the same period, Imperva Inc. has posted average sales growth of 33.7%, while Proofpoint Inc. has seen average growth of 32.7%. CyberArk Software Ltd., which went public less than five years ago, has posted average revenue growth of 45.4% over the past four.

 Until we don t see any more breaches, this will be an area that grows,  Chanin said.

This story was first published on Sept. 1, 2016. Wintrust Business Lunch 12/15/16 | Yahoo Hack, Holiday Markets, Arrupe College ...   Wintrust Business Lunch 12/15/16 | Yahoo Hack, Holiday Markets, Arrupe College and Chicago Cradles to Crayons.

It s time for the Wintrust Business Lunch with Steve Bertrand! On today s show Steve welcomes: Roger Cheng (CNET), Ilyce Glink (CEO/Founder Best Money Market/Think Glink Inc.), Father Steve Katsouros (Arrupe College at Loyola), Jim Kiley (Wintrust) and Bernard Cherkasov (Chicago Cradles to Crayons).

Steve starts the show talking with Roger Cheng from CNET on the latest about the recent Yahoo hack, the stake of Verizon s purchase of Yahoo and Trump s tech meetings in New York.

Ilyce Glink, CEO/Founder of Best Money Moves and Think Glink Inc, joins the show to talk about holiday marketing messages vs. a company s budget and the idea of showing appreciation to employees and clients in the workplace during the holidays.

Father Steve Katsouros and Managing Director of Wintrust Wealth Services, Jim Kiley, discuss the Arrupe College program at Loyola University-Chicago. The Jesuit program makes it possible for low-income students to attend higher education.

Steve closes the show talking with the Executive Director for the Chicago Cradles to Crayons, Bernard Cherkasov, about the great work they are doing to provide children with warm clothes, food, toys, books and more both this holiday season and throughout the year.

Love the show or want to reach out to Steve Bertrand? Visit: Facebook + Twitter Facebook's latest Messenger update takes dead aim at Snapchat Facebook (FB) is taking aim at Snapchat, again, with a huge update to its Messenger app. The latest addition to the 1 billion-member strong messaging service includes big changes to its Camera feature including masks, effects, stickers and frames that liven up your photos and videos.

Available today, the update is meant to give Messenger s users a greater reason to use the service s Camera option, which currently only allows you to take regular photos and videos. That stands in stark contrast to Snapchat, which lets you add Filters and special lenses that can encircle your head in a ring of virtual flowers or put your face in a digital toilet that flushes when you open your mouth. Isn t the future great?

Messenger s photos, though, don t self-destruct like Snapchat s do. There s also a disturbing lack of toilet-related effects.





To use Messenger s new Camera, you simply open the app and tap the Camera button. The launch is timed specifically for the holidays, so Facebook is adding a special holiday-themed Camera button to Messenger to make finding it a bit easier.

Once you open Camera, you ll be able to add what Facebook calls  Masks and Effects,  which are more or less equivalent to Snapchat s lenses.

The feature lets you do things like add a virtual candy cane hat and glasses to video or photo that lets you blow out snow when you open your mouth. There s also a Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer filter that turns you into the titular character and an effect that makes your snap look like a scene from A-Ha s  Take on Me  video.

View photos I m partial to the  Take on Me  video theme. More

Masks, meanwhile, cover your entire face and can turn you into things like a panda, which in my case looked absolutely terrifying, because it made me look more like a juggalo than anything else. I m still incredibly impressed with how well apps like this are able to map their effects to users  faces and Messenger s new Camera is no different.

In addition to Masks and Effects, Camera also gets Stickers and Frames, which let you add fun features that can turn your photo into a snowy holiday scene or make it look like you re in Vincent van Gogh s  Starry Night. 

Naturally, you can also draw on your images and add your own text if you can t find the sticker that says exactly what you re looking for.

Snapchat is an enormous social network. Heck, it s expected to have its IPO in 2017 at a $25 billion valuation and its new Spectacles glasses that let you record video from your perspective only add to the company s coolness factor.

The Messenger update certainly won t tear people away from Snapchat in favor of Facebook s app, but it does give users more reason to use Camera, which means consumers will spend more time using one of Facebook s properties. That equals more user data, which Facebook can turn into cold hard cash through advertising.

I already use Messenger on a daily basis to annoy friends and destroy them in Pac-Man   take that, Randy   and with Camera, I have another tool in my arsenal that will make them hate seeing my face in that tiny pop-up window even more.

More from Dan:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. Armstrong World Industries to Acquire Tectum, Inc. LANCASTER, Pa., December 15, 2016 - Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (AWI) today announced that it has entered into an agreement to purchase the business and assets of Ohio-based Tectum, Inc., a manufacturer of acoustical ceiling, wall and structural solutions for commercial building applications. The acquisition is expected to enable AWI to extend and expand its leading portfolio of durable, sustainable, acoustical solutions in support of the company`s growth strategy to sell more solutions into every space and sell into more spaces, especially through its Architectural Specialties business. The pending transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close in early 2017.

About Armstrong World Industries

Armstrong World Industries, Inc. is a global leader in the design and manufacture of innovative commercial and residential ceiling, wall and suspension system solutions. With over 3,700 employees and fiscal 2015 revenues from ceiling operations in excess of $1.2 billion, AWI operates from a global manufacturing network of 24 facilities, including nine plants dedicated to its WAVE joint venture.

Uncertainties Affecting Forward-Looking Statements

Disclosures in this release and in our other public documents and comments may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements provide our future expectations or forecasts and can be identified by our use of words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "outlook," "target," "predict," "may," "will," "would," "could," "should," "seek," and other words or phrases of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements, by their nature, address matters that are uncertain and involve risks because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from our expected results and from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. A more detailed discussion of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied is included in the "Risk Factors" and "Management`s Discussion and Analysis" sections of our reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake or assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements beyond what is required under applicable securities law.

Source: Armstrong World Industries

Armstrong World Industries to Acquire Tectum Inc







This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.



The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.

Source: Armstrong World Industries, Inc. via GlobeNewswire

HUG#2065223

 Medgenics, Inc. Announces Name Change to Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Medgenics, Inc. (MDGN) today announced that the company has changed its name to Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. Aevi Genomic Medicine (pronounced "AHH-vee") is a name inspired by the Old Norse language which means "life story" and reflects the Company's mission of improving the lives of children and adults with pediatric onset life-altering diseases.

"The past year has been a period of transformational change for the company," said Michael F. Cola, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aevi Genomic Medicine. "The name change reflects the company's shift in strategy, our new business model and focus on genomic medicine."

In conjunction with the corporate name change, the company will trade on the NASDAQ Global Market under the new ticker symbol "GNMX". The new ticker will become effective at the open of the market on December 16, 2016. In addition, the company will have a new website address: www.aevigenomics.com.

About Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc.

Aevi Genomics Medicine, Inc. is dedicated to unlocking the potential of genomic medicine to translate genetic discoveries into novel therapies. Driven by a commitment to patients with pediatric onset life-altering diseases, the company's research and development efforts leverages an internal genomics platform and an ongoing collaboration with the Center for Applied Genomics (CAG) at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP).

Forward-looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which include all statements other than statements of historical fact, including (without limitation) those regarding the Company's financial position, its development and business strategy, its product candidates and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created by such laws. Forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by their use of the terms and phrases such as "estimate," "project," "intend," "forecast," "anticipate," "plan," "planning, "expect," "believe," "will," "will likely," "should," "could," "would," "may" or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. All such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those included within these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no undue reliance should be placed on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. As a result of these factors, the events described in the forward-looking statements contained in this release may not occur.

Read More How to avoid phishing attacks like the one that hit the DNC This is the phishing email used to hack the DNC s network. (image: The Smoking Gun)

On Tuesday The New York Times published an extensive report on this year s cyberattacks on the Democratic National Committee s computer systems by hackers working with the Russian government. The piece is well researched and worth the read. But the most jarring tidbit from the report is how the hackers gained access to the DNC: a common email spear-phishing scam.

According to The Times, emails were sent to members of the DNC disguised as notifications from Google s (GOOG, GOOGL) Gmail telling them someone had attempted to sign into their account from Ukraine. The phony messages included instructions for recipients to click an embedded link in order to change their passwords.

And, it worked.

Employees clicked the links and essentially handed over the keys to their email accounts and the DNC s network. The saddest thing is that by following a few basic steps, employees might have realized the phishing email was fake and saved a lot of headaches.

But phishing attempts are so scary because of how simple they are to pull off. Just a quick message, a dash of social engineering and you ve got an international news story.

 It s pretty amazing,  Kevin Haley, director of product management for Symantec Security Response, told Yahoo Finance.  When you look at those attacks, those are basically the standard bread and butter phishing attack. Although all of the things around it are extremely well done. 

Criminals are a bigger threat than foreign governments

Now before you work yourself into a frenzied panic for fear that a foreign government is lurking online hoping to crack into your email and steal your backlog of chain letters from your uncle Ted, it s important to note that Google says fewer than 0.1% of users receive phishing emails from state actors. What s more, the company says targeted individuals generally include  activists, journalists and policy-makers. 

If, however, you receive a phishing email from a foreign government, Google will provide you with a special warning alerting you to the fact.

View photos Google will provide you with this warning if it believes your email is being attacked by a foreign government. More

Unfortunately, the sad truth about the internet is that there are still plenty of other criminals and malicious actors who would be more than happy to set up shop in your email account or break into your computer and hold it for ransom. Even more likely are attacks aimed at your work email to attack your company s systems.

Computer security company Kaspersky Labs reports that its anti-phishing system was triggered more than 30 million times in Q2 2015. And that s just on computers that use Kaspersky software.

So how can you protect yourself against similar attacks? With a little knowledge and some patience.

Staying safe

According to Haley, the biggest giveaway that the email you re reading is a phishing attempt is if it has typos or poor grammar.

More sophisticated attackers, though, will ensure their emails are crisp and typo-free, so you ll have to do a bit more investigating. Kaspersky recommends hovering your pointer over any links in emails to preview them for typos or inconsistencies. If it s a phishing scheme, the link preview will point to the wrong site. So if you get an email from Amazon and the link points you to stealyourstuff.com, you know it s a fraud.

Better yet, don t even bother with the link in your email and go to the official website named in the message instead. In other words, if you get a email from FedEx or Google asking you to click the link in the message to check your account, just go to FedEx or Google s website instead.

And don t fall for messages urging you to click on any links in your email immediately.  When you see that kind of urgency of getting you to try to click on something that s a big warning sign,  Haley said. Verizon said to weigh scrapping Yahoo deal on hacking liability - CNBC  
2016-07-15
Merrill Lynch Cautious on Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) Outlook Ahead of Monday's ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is set to release its second-quarter financial results after the markets close on Monday, July 18. Consensus estimates call for $0.09 in earnings per share (EPS) on $840 million in revenue.

Merrill Lynch analyst Justin Post expects Mavens growth to remain largely driven by native display for now and to track below peer growth trends. Post s 2Q revenue and EPS estimates are for $845 and $0.11 respectively, in-line with the Street. However, the analyst remains cautious on the forward outlook and is slightly below Street for 2016 at $3.49 billion/$0.46 versus the Street at $3.51 billion/$0.49, respectively.

Post wrote,  We expect secular mobile pressures on Yahoo to continue and Yahoo s revenue outlook to come in-line to below Street estimates. That said, we believe expectations are low at this point, and believe sentiment is more sensitive to updates on a potential sale of the core business/real estate/IP, long-term plans for the stake in Yahoo Japan, and potential cash return to shareholders. While we do not expect any financial details on bid activity for core Yahoo, we would expect indications that the process is moving along, which would likely be well-received. Bottom line: If Yahoo core can be sold, and there are any signs of resolution on Yahoo Japan, the implied tax/liquidity discount on the remaining Alibaba stake could decline, helping the stock. 

The analyst reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Yahoo!, with a price target of $48, which represents a potential upside of 27% from where the stock is currently trading.

Post has a very good TipRanks score with a 71% success rate and he stands at #31 out of 4,060 on the analyst leaderboard.

Out of the 36 analysts polled by TipRanks, 18 rate Yahoo! stock a Buy, 16 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend to Sell. With a return potential of 12%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $42.11. Final Bids for Yahoo's Core Assets Are Reportedly Due Monday Yahoo! President and CEO Marissa Mayer delivers a keynote address at the International CES at The Las Vegas Hotel & Casino on Jan. 7, 2014 in Las Vegas

Yahoo! President and CEO Marissa Mayer delivers a keynote address at the International CES at The Las Vegas Hotel & Casino on Jan. 7, 2014 in Las Vegas Photograph by Ethan Miller Getty Images

Yahoo's day of reckoning may have finally arrived.

Final bids in Yahoo's auction of its core assets are due Monday, the New York Times reports , citing sources briefed on the auction process. The faded Internet firm's board of directors is expected to make a decision soon after. Yahoo ( yhoo ) reports its quarterly results on Monday after the markets close, and there has been some speculation that company management could even announce the auction winner at that time, according to the New York Post.

Yahoo declined to confirm the auction deadline. "In order to maintain the integrity of the process, we won't be commenting until we've reached an outcome," a company spokeswoman said via email.

The bidders list is reportedly down to two telecom behemoths AT&T ( t ) and Verizon ( vz )  several private equity firms, and a consortium led by Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert, who is being backed by Berkshire Hathaway Chairman Warren Buffett.

The bidders are not all considering the same assets, and while earlier bids were reportedly in the $3.5 billion to $5 billion range , some estimate the sale price could rise as high as $6 billion, depending on whether it includes intellectual property and other assets. In June, the Wall Street Journal reported that Yahoo had hired boutique investment bank Black Stone IP to sell about 3,000 of its patents. Their worth was estimated to be up to $4 billion, but a report published this week said that 44% of the patents had  high severity  problems and that nearly all of them had weaknesses that could cause them to be invalidated.

Yahoo's Patents Are a Pile of Junk, Report Says

According to the Post , the Madison Avenue advertising industry is rooting for Verizon, as the combination of Yahoo with Verizon unit AOL, which it acquired last year for $4.4 billion, would give it the size to compete with Google ( googl ) and Facebook ( fb ) , and with its presence in mobile communications and TV (via Fios) it could offer additional consumer data.

"They can place unique identifiers that have a tremendous amount of information on where you surf all the demographics of the family,  an advertising executive told the Post .

The Post reports that the three remaining candidates are Verizon, the Buffett-backed group, and Texas-based private equity firm TPG Capital, whose chairman, David Bonderman, sites on the boards of Airbnb, Uber, and Ryanair.

No matter who wins the bidding, it will be a big comedown for CEO Marissa Mayer, the former Google executive hired in 2012 to turn Yahoo around. Following several failed efforts to redefine the company and give it new momentum, and after an attempted sale of its share in the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba that was thwarted by tax concerns, she was forced to accept an auction earlier this year.

Following the asset sale, the original Yahoo will be little more than a stock holding company, with a 15% share of Alibaba ( baba ) , which is worth about $30 billion, and its 35.5% stake in Yahoo Japan ( yahof ) , which has a face value of some $8.7 billion.

This story has been updated with comment from Yahoo. 
2016-03-22
Yahoo! Inc Stock: Tumblr Considering Tapping FB for Advertising Help (YHOO) When Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) purchased Tumblr for $1.1 billion in 2013, many analysts compared the deal to Facebook Inc s ( FB ) billion-dollar purchase of Instagram.

Unfortunately for Yahoo stock investors, the Tumblr deal hasn t worked out quite as well. Last month, YHOO said it took a $230 million impairment charge related to the blogging platform. Meanwhile, Instagram s business is booming.

In an effort to better monetize Tumblr, Yahoo is considering partnering with Facebook to place ads on Tumblr, according to The Information.

The deal would tap Facebook s Audience Network, which extends Facebook ads to other apps and the mobile web. Yahoo has a similar deal in place with Google   the Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) subsidiary   for its search business.

Yahoo Stock Needs All the Help it Can Get

Tumblr ads are pretty sparse right now. That s because YHOO is only able to sell 10% to 15% of Tumblr s ad inventory on its own. Partnering with a programmatic ad network like Facebook Audience Network will allow Tumblr to fill in the rest of its inventory, but the revenue and margins on those units will be significantly lower.

Still, for a company that was worth $1.1 billion to CEO Marissa Mayer and Yahoo stock investors less than three years ago, it ought to be churning out more revenue that it does. Any ad fill from FB will be incremental to ad sales from Tumblr s sales team.

Tumblr recently restructured its sales group, regaining independence from Yahoo after a botched integration. Additionally, it has relaxed its rules for advertisers. It previously required advertisers to own a blog on the network, but that s no longer the case.

Those changes open the door for Tumblr to attract more advertisers and partner with other ad suppliers like Facebook.

Of course, the problem isn t confined to Tumblr. Yahoo already partners with Google to power search advertisements on its platform. In return it splits revenue with Google although the exact terms of the deal aren t clear. Google typically takes 30% to 32% of revenue for ads on small publisher s websites, but the deal in place may be more favorable for Yahoo. Facebook takes a similar cut for Facebook Audience Network ads.

YHOO Stock s Failure Is Facebook s Opportunity

A deal with Tumblr would be a big win for Facebook s Audience Network. Tumblr has around 555 million monthly active users, according to Statista. And with 85% of 90% of potential ad inventory left unfilled, that s a lot of potential revenue for Facebook s burgeoning Audience Network.

Last quarter, Facebook announced that FAN reached a $1 billion annual run rate after about 18 months of operation. In January, it expanded the network to the mobile web. A deal with Tumblr would provide an opportunity for Facebook to showcase the product, showing publishers and developers that it s capable of monetizing the app better than YHOO could do itself.

At this point, Yahoo investors should be welcoming any help FB is willing to provide. YHOO s failure to monetize Tumblr effectively is evidenced in the 20% write down the company has already taken on the acquisition, and it could still take another hit.

While Yahoo stock investors won t get maximum value on Tumblr with a partnership with Facebook, it would at least get something out of the 85% to 90% of vacant ad inventory.

Additionally, displaying the efficacy of Tumblr   even if it requires help from FB   could help Yahoo sell off its core business.

As of this writing, Adam Levy held no positions in any of the companies mentioned.

More From InvestorPlace Introducing Fair Play on Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) today announced important changes to its Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy product to make contests more transparent and fun for all users. Changes include limiting entries to a max of 10 entries per user per contest (and in no event can a single user's entries make up more than 1% of total entries in a contest), clearly identifying Veteran players with a badge, and prohibiting the use of any type of scripting tool to upload or edit entries.

 We first launched Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy back in July 2015 because it was an exciting addition to our Fantasy Sports product suite and because our users were clamoring for it,  said Michael La Guardia, Head of Product for Yahoo Sports and Finance.  Yahoo Fantasy Sports has tens of millions of registered fans and we are making these changes today as the result of months of user experience and customer requests. Yahoo values an environment that is transparent and trustworthy. We also want to provide the best Fantasy games for true sports fans. Fair Play does both. 

As daily fantasy continues to evolve, the labeling of a small percentage of  Veteran  players with a distinct badge is a key change that will make it easier for all players to know who they are playing against on Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy. Veterans will be defined as users who have entered more than 1,000 contests within a single year, or who have entered more than 250 contests and prevailed in greater than 65% of them within a single year, or who have won a single prize of $1,000 or greater more than three times within a single year. As a thank you to those users who have been so dedicated to Yahoo Sports Daily Fantasy, Yahoo will be inviting Veterans to a special, free, invitation-only contest.

Yahoo Sports has been a leader in fantasy sports for over 17 years. The changes made today will continue the tradition of fun and social user experiences that fans have come to expect from Yahoo.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Poll: Apple's privacy fight does not win extra points for security A 3D printed Apple logo is seen in front of a displayed cyber code in this illustration taken February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration

People gather at a small rally in support of Apple's refusal to help the FBI access the cell phone of a gunman involved in the killings of 14 people in San Bernardino, in Santa Monica, California, United States, February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson

Most Americans trust Apple Inc to protect their personal information from hackers, according to a national Reuters/Ipsos poll, but not any better than rivals Google, Amazon and Microsoft.

The results of the poll were released late on Monday, in the middle of a legal battle between Apple and the U.S. Justice Department over a judge's order that Apple write new software to disable passcode protection on the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California shooters.

The two sides were set to face off in court on Tuesday, but late on Monday a federal judge in Riverside, California, agreed to the government's request to postpone the hearing after U.S. prosecutors said that a "third party" had presented a possible method for opening an encrypted iPhone.

The development could bring an abrupt end to the high-stakes legal showdown which has become a lightning rod for a broader debate on data privacy in the United States, which was inflamed by revelations in 2013 from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden about the U.S. government's massive surveillance programs.

When asked if they trust Apple to protect data from hackers, 60 percent of respondents said they strongly agreed or somewhat agreed, according to the poll, conducted March 11 to 16.

That is in line with responses to the same questions about Alphabet Inc's Google, Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp.

The poll found only one in 10 people consider security options such as encryption and passcode protection to be the most important considerations when shopping for a new phone. Performance and price were far ahead, each ranked as the most important factor by about a third of those polled.

"Security is one of these things that gets people in trouble when it lapses, but it s not something consumers are going to be shopping for," said Ipsos pollster Chris Jackson.

The results suggest that Apple's refusal to comply with a U.S. government demand that it unlock an iPhone has not given it extra credit with consumers, Jackson said.

"This (poll) was about getting a feel to see whether Apple is seen as some kind of exemplary company," Jackson said. "It's not."

Apple certainly sees itself as a guardian of customers' privacy. The company "will not shrink from that responsibility," declared Chief Executive Tim Cook on stage at the launch of a new iPhone on Monday.

"Apple has the same halo as many tech companies: A majority of people, but not a huge majority, agree that they trust them to protect their information," Jackson said.

Consumers were, however, less trusting of two of the six companies covered in the poll: online social media service Facebook Inc and internet company Yahoo Inc.

Asked if they trust Facebook to protect personal information from hackers, 39 percent said they agreed. For Yahoo, 44 percent agreed.

Jackson said people may feel differently about Facebook's security because it exposes more user data than the other firms surveyed.

The online survey of roughly 1,703 adults has a credibility interval of plus or minus 2.7 percentage points.

Representatives for Apple, Alphabet, Amazon.com, Microsoft and Yahoo did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

A statement from Facebook said, in part, that "Protecting your personal information is more important than ever, and that's why security is built into every Facebook product and design."

(Reporting by Jim Finkle in Boston; Additional reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb in San Francisco; Editing by Bill Rigby) Ex-European Commissioner Neelie Kroes joins the board of Salesforce One of the most powerful regulators in European tech in the last decade has found a landing place outside of the halls of Brussels. Today, CRM giant Salesforce announced that Neelie Kroes   a former vice president of the European Commission, European Commissioner for Competition, and European Commissioner for Digital Agenda   is joining its board of directors. She is the second high-profile ex-government figure to join the board in as many years, following the appointment of General Colin Powell almost exactly two years ago   a sign of how the company continues to eye up the public sector for lucrative service contracts.

 We are delighted to have Neelie Kroes join our Board of Directors,  said Marc Benioff, chairman and CEO, Salesforce, in a statement.  She is an amazing and respected leader who has done extraordinary work at the highest levels of government, technology policy and business inEurope. Salesforce will benefit greatly from her broad experience across both the public and private sectors. 

 Salesforce is one of the world s most admired companies and a leader in digital transformation for business,  said Neelie Kroes.  It s an honor for me to serve on the Salesforce Board of Directors. 

The appointment becomes effective on May 1, and brings the total number of people on Salesforce s board to 12 (General Powell was number 11). She will join a number of other high-profile people on the board, including Maynard Webb, chairman of Yahoo! Inc.; and Susan Wojcicki, CEO of YouTube. Kroes will become the third woman on Salesforce s board.

Adding Kroes to Salesforce s board is interesting for a few reasons.

First, the company is gaining a sharp mind and strong operative in the area of regulation, which could help shape how a company like Salesforce can exist within that framework. Kroes  final role in the European Commission was as its vice president, and her previous roles as Commissioners Competition and Digital Agenda, means that she was often sparring with large tech companies over antitrust issues; but at the same time she was also enlisting them in the bigger efforts that she was leading to bring down the digital divide across Europe, and foster more tech development as a route to economic growth.

Salesforce has mostly remained outside investigations at the EC level when it comes to antitrust issues (see: Google and Microsoft), or issues of privacy (see: Google and Facebook), but as one of the larger tech companies in the world, it may not always escape that scrutiny.

Before her roles at the EC level, Kroes was a longtime politician in her native Netherlands.

Second, Salesforce has been ramping up its presence in Europe over the last several years both in terms of direct business and also expanding its ecosystem, and so Kroes  appointment also underscores Salesforce s focus on this market.

Among its activities: the company last September announced a $100 million fund to invest in European cloud startups, and separately to that, Salesforce Ventures has been making direct investments in a number of more mature tech startups like NewVoiceMedia and Qubit.

Third, this is also one more sign of how Salesforce continues to eye up more lucrative contracts in the public sector. This is something that we pointed out was already a large business area for the company in 2014 when General Powell joined the board. Having someone like Kroes at the company also helps to extend Salesforce s credibility in this area.

As more businesses   and specifically government and public sector organizations   update their IT assets and move their operations into the cloud, Salesforce is not the only big U.S. tech company eyeing up how to expand its CRM business with them.

Last week, IBM acquired a UK company called Optevia that focuses on CRM integrations for groups in this vertical. Optevia s track record to date has been mainly focused on Microsoft software and UK organizations   but IBM told me it plans to expand Optevia s reach to cover other vendors and other geographies.

Kroes in the past has been on the boards of AB Volvo, Ballast Nedam, McDonald s Netherlands, Lucent Netherlands, P&O Nedlloyd and Nederlandse Spoorwegen and was chairperson of Nyenrode University. Kroes is also a member of the financial committee of the Rijksmuseum, Salesforce says, and she also serves as Special Envoy for StartupDelta, a public/private partnership to establish a thriving ecosystem of startup companies in the Netherlands.

The full board at Salesforce, in addition to Kroes after May 1, includes Marc Benioff, Salesforce chairman and CEO; Keith Block, Salesforce vice chairman, president and COO; Craig Conway, former CEO of PeopleSoft; Alan Hassenfeld, former chairman and CEO of Hasbro; General Colin Powell, retired four star general in the U.S. Army and former U.S. Secretary of State, U.S. National Security Advisor and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; Sanford Robertson, principal of Francisco Partners; John Roos, former U.S. Ambassador to Japan; Lawrence Tomlinson, former senior vice president and treasurer of Hewlett-Packard; Robin Washington, CFO of Gilead Sciences; Maynard Webb, chairman of Yahoo! Inc.; Susan Wojcicki, CEO of YouTube. 
2016-11-02
NXT-ID, Inc. and WorldVentures Showcase flye Smart Card at Money20/20 ... MELBOURNE, Florida, Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- NXT-ID, Inc. (NXTD) ("NXT-ID" or the "Company"), a security technology company, reports on the recent Money20/20 payment and fintech conference held in Las Vegas and the follow-on WorldVentures promotion and training event that introduced and distributed the new flye  smart card to WorldVentures members.

flye smart card at Money 2020 More

NXT-ID, Inc. shared a booth with WorldVentures to introduce the flye smart card to the ten thousand plus attendees at Money20/20, the largest payments and financial services innovation conference in the world, held from October 23-26, 2016.

The smart card was then distributed to several hundred WorldVentures' members for the first time at 'A View from the Edge', held in Las Vegas from October 28-30, 2016. These US based recipients will be beta testing flye during 4th quarter of 2016.

Created for WorldVentures' travel club members, currently numbered at more than 500,000, flye can load up to 10 records (credit cards, loyalty cards, identity cards, and other data); be used as a payment method in the same way as a credit card, where accepted; and, earn loyalty points at select restaurants worldwide that can be used towards DreamTrips vacations.

At the 'A View from the Edge' event, attended by nearly 12,000 members, CTO Mike Remedios spoke on the importance of the flye smart card Beta program saying to members. "With your help, it's only going to be better faster."

Also reporting from the event , WorldVentures' Dave Ulloa Team7thpower said on social media, "Many years ago the founders of Skype said 'we are going to change the telecommunications industry and help people connect worldwide at no cost.' People thought they were crazy.

20 years ago Wayne Nugent, founder and visionary said there will come a day when we help people earn vacations and travel at no cost.

That time is now. The final piece to the puzzle is being launched this weekend. The "flye card" is a one of a kind disruptive technology that combined with our travel app and vacation club will help people travel the globe by earning their vacations.

The flye card is a computer the size of your credit card where you can upload up to 10 credit cards, loyalty cards or debit cards. With a touch swipe feature you can choose which you want to use. More secure than your average credit card. Bluetooth enhanced for a level of service like no other. This smart card is exclusive to our members and purchases with the card at participating partners will earn points to allow our members to earn vacations and travel at no cost.

We've never been more excited. NEXT is here. This weekend we launch the founder's edition of the flye card. Stay tuned it will change the travel industry like no other. "

Gino Pereira, CEO of NXT-ID said, "We were overwhelmed by the level of enthusiasm from WorldVentures members at the View. Together we look forward to launching the smartest card you'll ever own."

About WorldVentures

WorldVentures Marketing, LLC, a privately held company based in Plano, Tex., is a global travel club that sells memberships providing a diverse set of lifestyle products and experiences. The company uses the direct sales model to go to market with active Representatives and Members in 29 countries. http://worldventures.com

Read More Why Fitbit's stock is crashing Fitbit (FIT) is floundering. Following the fitness device maker s announcement that it will see slower-than-expected growth in Q4 2016, the company s stock fell off a whopping 30%.

So what went wrong for Fitbit? Well, a few things, actually. Issues ranged from product launch difficulties, supply constraints and poor performance in the Asian markets.

One of Fitbit s biggest problems, according to the company at least, was how and when it launched its newest devices: the Fitbit Flex 2 and Fitbit Charge 2. Fitbit said it went out of its way to ensure that the products launched faster than previously expected, getting them out of the door and on the market by the end of Q3 2016. The problem with that is by launching the products early, revenue that was initially anticipated for Q4 ended up moving to Q3 instead.

As a result, Fitbit anticipates that it will see between just 2% and 5% growth in Q4 of this year. As a point of comparison, the company saw revenue increase by 92% in Q4 2015 versus Q4 2014. That s a massive slowdown in growth.

Fitbit also ran into production problems with the Fitbit Flex 2 resulting in supply constraints that are expected to further impact Q4 earnings. Then there was the company s performance in Asian markets, where sales fell by 45%.

Fitbit shareholders haven t been doing great. More

But hope isn t lost for Fitbit. The wearables industry is still expected to grow in the coming years, and as of now, Fitbit represents about 25% of the entire market. The company said it s also looking to expand its product line into additional form factors to help increase consumer interest.

 Fitbit still has a lot on its side, with strong brand recognition, broad distribution, and multiple devices at multiple price points,  said IDC Research s Ramon Llamas.  We cannot say the same for other [companies], and I ve seen a number of vendors reduce and/or not refresh their product portfolios, which is a bit risky considering we re heading into the holiday season. 

Llamas says he believes the fitness tracker market is at a point where vendors are updating their devices without offering any new or meaningful features that will entice consumers.

 The emphasis on design and software have been good so far, but I think we re still just scratching the surface of what else wearables can do,  he said.  For this, I look forward to more sensors capturing new fitness and health data; full time cellular connectivity; computing that is practically invisible so that the devices melt into the background and all you see is the product (like a watch or clothing). 

So, yes, Fitbit is in for a bumpy ride. But it is far from finished.

More from Dan:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. ARI Network Services, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Auction123, Inc. MILWAUKEE, WI--(Marketwired - November 02, 2016) - ARI Network Services, Inc. (ARIS) announced today that it has acquired Auction123, Inc., a leading provider of software and services to help dealers in selected vertical markets manage and feed inventory information to online marketplaces to drive more sales and leads. Auction123 serves several vertical markets including automotive, powersports, recreational vehicles and marine. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.

"The acquisition of Auction123 will accelerate ARI's growth in our existing vertical markets, introduces ARI into the automotive dealer market and is consistent with our strategy to grow the business both organically and through strategic acquisitions," said ARI President and CEO Roy W. Olivier. "We are excited about the opportunity to cross-sell our other products into Auction123's base of more than 1,200 dealers."

Founded in 2001, Auction123 has been a leader in online marketing solutions, inventory management and website development solutions for dealers in selected vertical markets. Their award-winning web-based software offers tight and seamless integration between the dealer management system (DMS), the dealer's website, eBay Motors, Craigslist, Facebook and other third-party classified websites.

Auction123 will maintain its headquarters in Weston, Florida.

"We expect the Auction123 acquisition to generate incremental revenue of more than $3 million for the remainder of our fiscal 2017 and be accretive to adjusted EBITDA," said ARI CFO William A. Nurthen.

About ARI

ARI Network Services, Inc. (ARI) (ARIS) offers an award-winning suite of SaaS, software tools, and marketing services to help dealers, manufacturers and distributors in selected vertical markets Sell More Stuff!  -- online and in-store. Our innovative products are powered by a proprietary data repository of enriched original equipment and aftermarket electronic content spanning more than 17 million active part and accessory SKUs and 750,000 equipment/vehicle models. Business is complicated, but we believe our customers' technology tools don't have to be. We remove the complexity of selling and servicing new and used vehicle inventory, parts, garments and accessories for customers in the automotive tire and wheel aftermarket, powersports, outdoor power equipment, marine, recreational vehicle, home medical equipment, and appliance industries. More than 23,500 dealers, 195 distributors and 3,360 brands worldwide leverage our web and eCatalog platforms to Sell More Stuff!  For more information on ARI, visit investor.arinet.com.

Additional Information

Follow @ARI_Net on Twitter: twitter.com/ARI_Net

Become a fan of ARI on Facebook: www.facebook.com/ARInetwork

Join us on G+: plus.google.com/117293073211296447579

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ari_2

Read more about ARI: investor.arinet.com/about-us

Images for media use only

Roy W. Olivier Hi Res | Roy W. Olivier Low Res

ARI Logo Hi Res | ARI Logo Low Res

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this news release contain "forward looking statements" regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed to be forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projects about the markets in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "targets," "goals," "projects", "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "endeavors," "strives," "may," or variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, estimate or verify. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include those factors described in Part 1A of the company's most recent annual report on Form 10 K, as such may be amended or supplemented by subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, or other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements. The forward looking statements are made only as of the date hereof, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward looking statements. For more information, please refer to the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Sizmek Announces Strategic Partnership with Yahoo! JAPAN for the Japanese Market AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 02, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sizmek, an open ad management platform for multiscreen ad experiences, today announced a strategic partnership with Yahoo! JAPAN. Through the partnership, Yahoo! JAPAN will become the exclusive distributor and operator of the Sizmek platform and products in Japan. Additionally, Sizmek s ad management platform will serve clients  ads to Yahoo! JAPAN s leading digital inventory for agencies and advertisers.



 Delivering the right ads to the right people at the right time across multiple devices has become an ever-growing challenge due to audience fragmentation in our industry,  said Gen Miyazawa, Executive Corporate Officer, President of Media & Marketing Solutions Group at Yahoo! JAPAN.  Through our partnership with Sizmek, we can offer our clients integrated solutions with more efficiency and effectiveness. 

 The partnership provides a one-stop solution for large advertisers and agencies to enable ad creation, serving, and cross-device measurement all on a single platform,  said Neil Nguyen, CEO of Sizmek.  We re excited to partner with Yahoo! JAPAN, the leading internet company in the region, to leverage their premiere media with our technology. 

Sizmek will continue to offer Sizmek services in Japan until the end of January 2017. Starting February 2017, Yahoo! JAPAN will provide the services for the Sizmek platform as the sole and exclusive provider in Japan.

Sizmek will continue to provide ongoing product development and technical support.

About Sizmek:

Sizmek is the Open Ad Management company that brings freedom of choice and contextual relevance to omnichannel digital advertising. As the largest independent ad server, more than 42,000 next generation advertisers, agencies, publishers, and trading desks rely on Sizmek s offerings and flexible third-party platform integrations to provide the industry s most customizable, best-in-class approach to creating seamless workflow across a wide variety of partners in the digital advertising ecosystem. With a single point of access to the best technology, data, and strategic guidance, Sizmek builds flexible solutions for marketers and publishers that combine programmatic efficiency with creative. Sizmek operates in more than 70 countries, with local offices providing award-winning service throughout North America, EMEA, LATAM, and APAC.



About Yahoo! JAPAN 

Yahoo Japan Corporation was founded in 1996 and operates Yahoo! JAPAN, a leading internet brand and one of the most trafficked internet destinations in Japan. Yahoo! JAPAN provides more than 100 services including search, news and e-commerce via PC and smart devices and offers a full range of tools and marketing solutions for businesses to connect with internet users in Japan. Oxygen Therapy, Inc. Files S-1 Registration Statement NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Nov 2, 2016) - Oxygen Therapy, Inc. (the "Company"), the developer of innovative oxygen therapies for treating and protecting the brain during and after stroke, announced today that it has filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

The registration statement has not yet become effective. The securities described in the registration statement may not be sold by the Company nor may offers to buy or to be accepted by the Company prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective.

Once the registration statement is declared effective, the subscription period is expected to stay open for approximately 90 days following the record date.

The Company intends to use the proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include funding for product development, design of clinical trials, marketing, and general working capital purposes.

This press release shall not and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale, would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

The offering of the securities described in the registration statement is self-directed.

When available, copies of the prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from the Company for the offering.

About Oxygen Therapy, Inc.

Oxygen Therapy Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company that develops anti-necrosis drugs that treat a variety of medical conditions resulting from ischemia. The Company focuses on the development and commercialization of first-in-class treatments to prevent catastrophic brain damage resulting from hypoxic conditions following brain stroke also known as Cardiac Cerebrovascular Accidents (CVA). The Company's lead product candidate, OTI-629, is an anti-necrosis drug that carries oxygen to brain tissues when the flow of blood is blocked. For more information, visit www.otipharma.com

Forward Looking Statements

Statements in this news release which are not purely historical, including statements regarding Oxygen Therapy, Inc.'s intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, representations, projections, plans or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with the effect of changing economic conditions, trends in the products markets, variations in the company's cash flow, market acceptance risks, and technical development risks. The Company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Oxygen Therapy, Inc. disclaims any obligation, and does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements in this press release.

Related Links http://www.otipharma.com 
2016-11-10
Ability, Inc. to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results on Tuesday ... NEW YORK and TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Ability, Inc. (ABIL), a leading provider of innovative tactical communications intelligence solutions, announced today that management will announce its third quarter 2016 financial results on November 15, 2016. Management will host a conference call at 9 a.m. Eastern Time on November 15, 2016 to discuss the results with the investment community.

Details regarding the conference call are as follows:

Conference ID: 7637729

7637729 Date: Tuesday, November 15, 2016

Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Time: 9 a.m. ET

9 a.m. ET Participant Dial-in (U.S.): 1-888-778-8884

1-888-778-8884 Participant Dial-in (Israel): 1 80 924 6064 or +972 (0) 3 721 9423

1 80 924 6064 or +972 (0) 3 721 9423 Participant Dial-in (International/Toll) : 1-913-312-1444

: 1-913-312-1444 Webcast Link: http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=121854http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=119905

A replay will be available until November 22, 2016 and can be accessed by dialing 1-844-512-2921 if calling within the United States, or 1-412-317-6671 if calling internationally. Please reference conference ID 7637729 to access the replay.

The conference call will also be broadcast live via webcast over the Internet and accessible at http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=121854.

About Ability, Inc.

Ability, Inc., ("Ability") is the sole owner of Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd., following the December 2015 closing of the business combination between Cambridge Capital Acquisition Corporation, Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd. and Ability.

Headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel, Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd. was founded in 1994. We provide advanced interception, geolocation and cyber intelligence tools used by security and intelligence agencies, military forces, law enforcement and homeland security agencies worldwide. We have sold to governments and government agencies in over 50 countries. Ability offers a broad range of lawful interception, decryption, cyber and geolocation solutions for cellular and satellite communication, including ULIN, or Ultimate Interception, the first-to-market SaaS strategic interception system with voice, text and geolocation capabilities without geographic limitation. State-of-the-art technology underpins Ability's scalable offerings, which can be tactical-and-portable, or strategic-and-fixed, depending on its customers' needs. Additional information regarding Ability may be found at http://www.interceptors.com.

Investor Relations Contacts:

Hayden/ MS-IR LLC

Miri Segal

Tel: +917-607-8654

E-mail: msegal@ms-ir.com

Or

Brett Maas

Tel: +646-536-7331

E-mail: brett@haydenir.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ability-inc-to-announce-third-quarter-2016-financial-results-on-tuesday-november-15-2016-300360808.html Medical Marijuana, Inc. Garners National News Coverage on Fox, ABC, CW on ... SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - November 10, 2016) - Medical Marijuana, Inc. (OTC PINK: MJNA), the first-ever publicly traded cannabis company in the United States, today announced that it has garnered national news coverage in major local and national TV news outlets across the United States about the sweeping electoral victory for marijuana reform across the nation, including the passage of California's Proposition 64, which legalized marijuana for recreational use in the state.

Chief Executive Officer of Medical Marijuana, Inc. Dr. Stuart Titus was interviewed on CW 6 News San Diego and National and local ABC affiliates, speaking about the social and medical benefits of legalizing both recreational and medical marijuana.

"The sweeping passage of cannabis reform across the country is a major win for the cannabis industry," said Chief Executive Officer of Medical Marijuana, Inc. Dr. Stuart Titus. "The voters have spoken and they've made it clear that they are ready for cannabis reform, moving forward the newest multibillion-dollar industry in the U.S."

In a historic night on U.S. election day Nov. 8, voters in California, Nevada, Maine and Massachusetts passed recreational use of marijuana in their respective states, while Florida, North Dakota, Montana, and Arkansas approved medical marijuana initiatives. The combined estimated legal marijuana markets for these states is a billion-dollar market this year, with the total market surpassing well over $40 billion by 2020.

About Medical Marijuana, Inc.

Our mission is to be the premier cannabis and hemp industry innovators, leveraging our team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. We strive to create awareness within our industry, develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses, while increasing shareholder value. For details on Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s portfolio and investment companies, visit www.medicalmarijuanainc.com.

To see Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s video statement, click here. Shareholders are also encouraged to visit the Medical Marijuana, Inc. Shop for discounted products.

FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Medical Marijuana, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein.

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA) DISCLOSURE

These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease.

LEGAL DISCLOSURE

Medical Marijuana Inc. does not sell or distribute any products that are in violation of the United States Controlled Substances Act (US.CSA). These companies do grow, sell, and distribute hemp-based products and are involved with the federally legal distribution of medical marijuana-based products within certain international markets. Cannabidiol is a natural constituent of hemp oil. FlitWays Technology Inc. completes Name Change -- New Trading Symbol FTWS CULVER CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Nov 10, 2016) - Cataca Resources, Inc. ( OTC PINK : CATQ ) is pleased to announce that the company has received regulatory approval from FINRA for its previously announced name change to Flitways Technology Inc. As a result of the approved name change, effective on November 10, 2016, Flitways Technology Inc. common shares will begin trading under the new ticker symbol FTWS.

FlitWays founder Tobi Mac commented, "With our publicly traded company now carrying the Flitways name, we will be able to better build our corporate brand and be more easily identifiable in the rapidly evolving ground transportation marketplace. Over the next several weeks, we anticipate this will allow us the opportunity to introduce FlitWays to a much larger audience of potential industry partners and investors."

About FlitWays Technology Inc.

FlitWays, a Los Angeles-based travel technology company, offers Pre-Booked and On-Demand ground transportation in 170 cities around the world -- including rideshares, taxis, black cars, and airport shuttles. Currently servicing over 400 airports with a fleet of over 20,000 vehicles, FlitWays is there to handle all travel ride needs. FlitWays provides security and peace of mind for both business and private travelers with secure booking and all-inclusive rates.

For additional information regarding FlitWays, visit www.FlitWays.com.

Additional information regarding Flitways Technology, Inc. can also be found in the Company's most recent filings with SEC at www.sec.gov and further Company press releases.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information

This press release may contain certain "forward-looking statements" relating to the business of Flitways Technology Inc. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included herein are "forward-looking statements," including, but not limited to; the proposed corporate name change; and any other statements of non-historical information. These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects" or similar expressions, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may prove to be incorrect. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including those discussed in the Company's periodic reports that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on its website (www.sec.gov). All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Other than as required under the securities laws, the Company does not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements. Teads And Time Inc. Announce Strategic Outstream Video Advertising Partnership NEW YORK, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Teads, the inventor of outstream video advertising and the number one video advertising marketplace in the world, today announced that it has entered into a cross-platform outstream partnership with Time Inc. The partnership entails empowering the Time Inc. sales team with Teads' ad-serving technology and enterprise sales tools. In addition, Teads will be backfilling outstream campaigns across the Time Inc. network on an exclusive basis. The multiyear deal further expands Time Inc.'s premium video inventory and will boost its video advertising revenue across mobile and desktop.

View photos Teads' inRead More

Teads will deliver unique technical support and guidance on outstream video monetization strategies across Time Inc.'s direct sold inventory and Teads' demand sources. In addition, Teads will help Time Inc. provide innovative, premium, viewable video advertising solutions to its iconic brands, such as People, Sports Illustrated, Time, InStyle, Real Simple, Food & Wine and Fortune while presenting a user-friendly experience to its more than 150 million monthly unique visitors.

"Time Inc. has a large stable of advanced advertising products. We are excited to add Teads' highly viewable outstream video ad product to our current offerings. This product provides advertisers with another option for conveying their marketing message to our users," said Andy Blau, Chief Business Officer, Time Inc. "As we continue to expand and enhance our video products across our ultra-premium content network, we are delighted to collaborate with Teads, a leader in the outstream video marketplace."

Teads guarantees high viewability rates and gives the power of choice to the user with its flagship format, inRead. Teads' inRead format places video ads within editorial content and plays only when viewable, allowing users to skip the video if they do not want to watch it.

Bertrand Quesada, CEO of Teads, commented, "We are extremely excited about our recent partnership with Time Inc. We look forward to building a long-lasting partnership and adding one of the most prestigious media companies to our portfolio of global media brands."

In addition to Time Inc., Teads' global premium marketplace includes The Washington Post, The Atlantic, Forbes, Bonnier, Mashable, Slate, The Guardian, The Telegraph and Nikkei, among many others.

ABOUT TEADS

Teads, founded in 2011, is the inventor of outstream video advertising and number one video advertising marketplace in the world. Publishers work with Teads to create brand new video inventory and manage their existing inventory, monetizing it through programmatic buying, their own sales forces or third parties.

Teads' native video advertising solutions encompass a series of formats inserted deep into media content, like inRead playing inside articles. The company is changing the game in the video advertising market by creating unprecedented levels of premium inventory, which did not exist before.

Brands and agencies can access this top-tier, premium inventory, available on the web and on mobile, through programmatic or managed services. Through its managed services capabilities, the Teads team executes on its clients' behalf using its platform.

Teads has over 450 employees, 100 of whom are in the innovation team, across 27 offices in 20 countries.

Read More 
2016-07-23
Google Has Largest US Internet Audience, Followed by Facebook Experts point out that Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) together have almost three-quarters of the online ad revenue in the United States. Is it any wonder? They dominate the rankings of the most visited sites as well.

According to comScore s monthly Top 50 Properties, which includes both desktop and mobile traffic, Google has 242 million unique visitors last month. This includes traffic to the largest video site, YouTube. Facebook s total was 209 million. The only other property above 200 million unique visitors was Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) at 206 million.

Other than Yahoo, the other two portals are nearly as large. AOL, now owned by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), which also is about to buy Yahoo, had 154 million unique visitors. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT), which owns portal MSN, had 197 million.

The two largest e-commerce sites where nearly as large. Amazon.com Inc. s (NASDAQ: AMZN) unique users were 182 million. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) had 152 million.

Rounding out the largest sites where those owned by three huge media companies. Comcast Corp. s (NASDAQ: CMCSA) NBCUniversal had 163 million. CBS Corp. (NYSE: CBS) had 147 million. Time Warner Inc. s (NYSE: TWX) Turner had 143 million. Turner owns CNN, among other cable properties.

One other notable figure is how far behind Amazon Wal-Mart Store Inc. (NYSE: WMT) is. Wal-Mart s unique visitors were 102 million last month.

Total U.S.   Home and Work Locations

# Property Unique Visitors/Viewers (000) 1 Google Sites 241,883 2 Facebook 208,800 3 Yahoo Sites 205,847 4 Microsoft Sites 197,490 5 Amazon Sites 181,761 6 Comcast NBCUniversal 162,581 7 AOL, Inc. 153,632 8 Apple Inc. 151,703 9 CBS Interactive 147,113 10 Turner Digital 143,618 11 Linkedin 125,098 12 Mode Media 120,664 13 Weather Company, The 119,988 14 Wikimedia Foundation Sites 116,507 15 Twitter 114,740 16 eBay 108,819 17 USA TODAY Network 107,352 18 Time Inc. Network (U.S) 106,664 19 Hearst 103,713 20 Wal-Mart 102,477 21 Yelp 92,535 22 Pinterest.com 92,370 23 PayPal 85,328 24 Zillow Group 84,818 25 Pandora.com 84,473

Source: comScore Media Metrix Multi-Platform How Yahoo Assets Could Fit Into Verizon NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

01:58 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-11-06
Why you shouldn't worry about the election getting hacked In this Nov. 1, 2016, photo, a voter is reflected in the glass frame of a poster while leaving a polling site in Atlanta, during early voting ahead of the Nov. 8 election day. Credit: AP Photo/David Goldman

Check out Yahoo Finance s complete guide to the election and the economy here.

Ever since hackers broke into the Democratic National Committee s email server, the specter of a foreign government controlling the election has become a near panic-inducing fear for some voters   especially if you follow social media chatter.

After all, if hackers could break into the DNC and steal emails about staffers  pizza orders, what s to stop them from changing the entire outcome of the 2016 election? A lot actually   including government officials regularly checking voting machines for suspicious activity.

That doesn t mean there isn t cause for some concern. A good number of machines out there are still vulnerable to attack. And some are so laughably easy to hack, or just so plain faulty, that the vast majority of states have completely done away with them. Still, about 25% of voters will have to use those older machines.

It s unlikely anything will happen during the national election, but it s worth understanding the risks and how we got here.

Bush, Gore and the Help America Vote Act

View photos George W. Bush and Al Gore on Oct. 17, 2000. Source: Reuters/Jeff Mitchell More

Our current voting predicament goes back to the 2000 election pitting George W. Bush against Al Gore. At that time, Florida voters cast their ballots using punch cards. Some of those cards weren t punched properly, causing counting errors. A number of lawsuits over the election were filed, and eventually the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Bush.

To stop similar issues from arising in the future, Congress passed the Help America Vote Act (HAVA) to provide states with money to buy new all-electronic voting machines. But it didn t exactly go according to plan.

That s because security researchers found those new computerized machines to be incredibly vulnerable to hackers. What s more, the machines didn t have paper backups that could be checked in the event of a hack or software malfunction.

Since then, many states have retired their all-electronic machines. As a result, about 75% to 80% of the US uses newer systems that use both electronic voting with paper backups or regular paper ballots. But five states   Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, New Jersey and South Carolina   currently rely on the old all-electronic systems. Others including Indiana, Kentucky, Pennsylvania and Texas use a mixture of old electronic-only machines and newer mixed and paper-based systems.

What are the odds of the election being hacked?

View photos People casting ballots on electronic machines in Utah. Source: George Frey/Getty Images More

Even though so many Americans still use outdated machines, the chances of hackers stealing the election are incredibly small. That s because voting machines use what are called  air gaps,  which means they never connect to the internet. So hackers can t break into these systems they same way they can crack into your uncle s laptop.

That doesn t mean they re impenetrable, though. According to Jeremy Epstein, a computer scientists with SRI International, a person dedicated to disrupting the election could break into a machine and infect it by loading it with a virus through a USB stick.

When the elections officials take that machine s storage device out and plug it into the server that does all of the vote counting, the server will become infected with the virus. From there, the virus will spread to every other storage device that s plugged into the server. Reinstall those drives into their machines again, and the entire voting system will be infected. Hackers could cast their own votes, change existing votes or delete certain ballots entirely   thereby throwing the outcome of the entire election into question. 
2016-07-19
Oppenheimer Expects Conclusion To Yahoo Sale Process In The Coming Weeks Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) reported better-than-expected EBITDA for 2Q, driven by higher margins due to headcount reductions.

Oppenheimer s Jason Helfstein reiterated an Outperform rating on the company, with a price target of $49.

2Q Results

 While Mavens growth slowed, the company does appear to be executing on its plan to simplify products, reduce costs, and focus on higher margin ad-tech solutions around the company's web content and main verticals,  Helfstein mentioned.

This drove higher-than-anticipate 2Q margins, ahead of the guidance. Net revenue was in line with expectations, while net search declined 23 percent year-on-year, due to lower click volume.

Related Link: Yahoo Reports Mixed Q2 Earnings

Guidance

Yahoo reaffirmed its FY guidance for revenue and EBITDA, while the midpoint of the 3Q net revenue guidance reflected 14 percent year-on-year decline, as the company exists legacy products.

The 3Q EBITDA guidance assumes a margin midpoint of 24 percent, with Yahoo continuing to reduce headcount and close offices.

Core Sale

According to the Oppenheimer report,  Strategic alternative process remains top priority for management and board. Although no specific details were given, management reiterated the large amount of time and energy dedicated to conversations with interested parties. 

Helfstein expects a formal conclusion to the core sale process in the next few weeks and for management to explore a secondary sale of Yahoo! Japan shares following the core sale.

Did you like this article? Could it have been improved? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with the story link to let us know!

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas Guidance Emerging Markets Reiteration Markets Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Maybe No One Wants Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Maybe No One Wants Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

YHOO delivered yet another disappointing quarter of results, years of mismanagement are eating away at what ever value there was in the company.

YHOO has been publicly on sale for sometime, but no one has stepped up to buy the can of works, and maybe no one will!

Yahoo! Inc. earnings at a glance:

-Earnings (Q2): $86.96 Mln. vs. $152.52 Mln. last year.

-Earnings Decline (Y-o-Y): -43.0%

-EPS (Q2): $0.09 vs. $0.16 last year.

-EPS Decline (Y-o-Y): -43.8%

-Analysts Estimate: $0.10

-Revenue (Q2): $1.31 Bln vs. $1.24 Bln last year.

-Revenue Change (Y-o-Y): 5.6%

YAHOO! INC closed up 0.230 at 37.950. Volume was 18% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 5% narrower than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

37.680 37.970 37.500 37.950 16,046,777



Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 37.74 37.17 34.12

Volatility: 13 32 41

Volume: 12,029,875 12,346,106 15,368,985

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

YAHOO! INC is currently 11.2% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is low as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of YHOO.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on YHOO.O and have had this outlook for the last 8 periods.

Momentum

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 55.0634. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 7 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 55.68. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 72 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 53. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 9 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 10 period(s) ago. Verizon, Quicken, Vector Said Among Most Likely to Win Yahoo Verizon Communications Inc., Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert and Vector Capital Management are the three favorites to acquire Yahoo! Inc., according to people familiar with the matter.

All three submitted bids by Yahoo s Monday deadline, along with AT&T Inc. and private equity suitor TPG, said one of the people. After reviewing Monday s bids, Yahoo is expected to request best and final offers from two or three of the bidders, said another person familiar with the process.

In an earlier round, Gilbert and Vector Capital were among the top bidders for Yahoo s core internet business, intellectual property and real estate assets, one of the people said last month. All of that round s offers valued Yahoo at between $4 billion and $6 billion, except for Verizon s, a person familiar with the matter said at that time. Verizon s bid was lower -- $3.75 billion to $4 billion -- because it didn t include Yahoo s patents and real estate, the person said. Verizon may raise its bid at the final deadline to clinch a sale, two of the people said.

While some of the bidders may view Yahoo as a collection of assets that could be realigned or broken apart, Verizon sees a complimentary set of businesses that could find a home alongside its AOL properties, making it a desirable suitor. According to people familiar with the phone giant s strategy, Verizon is confident it has a key asset to make the integration a success -- AOL Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong, who was a colleague of Mayer s at Google.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

One potential obstacle to picking a winning bid is that Yahoo may decide to sell its intellectual property separately, the people said. Yahoo has received offers for its patents, including one from a consortium of smaller companies that aggregate intellectual property for royalties, one of the people said. The patents will probably sell for less than $500 million, although they could be worth as much as $1 billion, that person said.

Yahoo showed investors a glimmer of success Monday as the sale process continues, posting second-quarter sales that exceeded analysts  estimates. Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer said on a conference call that the company is  deep  into reviewing bids and will update shareholders at a prudent time.

Mayer, who joined Yahoo four years ago, has failed to spark a turnaround at the Sunnyvale, California-based company, with sales showing little growth and adjusted earnings on the decline. The company is considering offers as it grapples with rising competition from younger rivals including Alphabet Inc. s Google and Facebook Inc.

Yahoo s disappointing financial results have drawn the ire of investors, most notably activist Starboard Value LP. The company averted a proxy war in April when it agreed to place four new members on the board, including Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith.

Spokesmen for Verizon and AT&T declined to comment, as did a spokeswoman for Yahoo. Representatives for Vector and TPG also declined to comment. A representative for Dan Gilbert couldn t be reached for comment. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) and International ... SoftBank Group Corp s $32 billion acquisition of Arm Holdings plc ADR (NASDAQ: ARMH ) helped lead the markets to another broad up day in tech and the rest of the market. The S&P 500 rose 0.2% Monday, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average improved by 0.1%.

Today will see another slate of post-earnings movement, with International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM ) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) in focus. Meanwhile, Hudson Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: HDSN ) made a major splash in the terribly exciting refrigeration industry.

Here s what you need to know ahead of Tuesday trading:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Yahoo posted fiscal second-quarter results yesterday, but despite the fact that the company missed, what s likely hampering YHOO stock this morning was the lack of   other news.

Yahoo reported earnings of 9 cents per share for the second quarter, off from 16 cents in the year-ago period, and short of expectations by a penny. Revenues improved from $1.24 billion to $1.31 billion, easily besting the Wall Street consensus for $1.08 billion.

Particularly embarrassing was the $482 million writedown of Tumblr   another black mark on the resume of CEO Marissa Mayer. The company set a sales goal of $100 million for Tumblr, but the blog fell wildly short.

That said, investors might have felt short-changed, but not necessarily by results. Instead, Wall Street was left wondering as to the future of the company. Monday reportedly was the last day Yahoo was accepting bids, but the company did not report anything substantial on that front.

YHOO was off slightly in Tuesday trading.

International Business Machines Corp. (IBM)

IBM stock should have a decent day ahead of it, as second-quarter earnings came in ahead of estimates, prompting a small improvement in shares.

IBM s profits came to $2.95 per share, well ahead of the $2.89 per share that Wall Street projected. Meanwhile, revenue came in at $20.2 billion over the three-month period, beating estimates of $20.03 billion.

The encouraging results were driven in part by the company s blossoming cloud business, which experienced revenue growth of 30%.

IBM shares were up 1.1% after hours Monday.

Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN)

HDSN shares are surging this morning after the company announced a five-year contract with the Department of Defense on Monday.

The deal has a maximum value of $400 million, and it is designed to help the refrigerant solutions provider expand its business to all five branches of the U.S. military.

Hudson Technologies will supply the military with refrigerants, compressed gases, cylinders and other related items. The company said the move is a big win for the industrial gas sector.

 While the ultimate amount of revenue will depend on order levels, this award solidifies our presence in the refrigerants and industrial gas sectors and we believe will contribute considerable future revenue and earnings growth,  CEO Kevin Zugibe said.

HDSN stock was up more than 35% in Tuesday s premarket trade.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Vector Capital, the Little-Known Bidder for Internet Giant Yahoo Firm led by Alex Slusky was spun off from Ziff in 1997

Most of the suitors for Yahoo! Inc. are familiar names, from telecommunications giant Verizon Communications Inc. to private equity titan TPG.

One group that submitted a final bid by Monday s deadline -- and is said to be one of the three favorites to win -- is led by an entity that may be less well known: Vector Capital.

The San Francisco-based investment firm is working alongside buyout peer Sycamore Partners to pursue the beleaguered Web company, people familiar with the matter have said. A spokesman for Vector declined to comment.

Vector was spun off from Ziff Brothers Investments in 1997, according to its website. Led by founder Alex Slusky, who is also managing director and chief investment officer, it has invested $1.6 billion in more than 40 technology companies since it started.

The firm manages more than $2 billion in equity capital from a variety of investors including university endowments, foundations, financial institutions, and wealthy families, the website shows. It s currently in the market with its its fifth fund, targeting $1.2 billion, according to data provider Preqin Ltd.

Reviewing Bids

Given that private equity firms typically invest no more than 15 percent of their funds into a single deal, the math suggests that Vector has lined up co-investors besides Sycamore to meet Yahoo s asking price -- reported to be anywhere from $4 billion to $6 billion.

Yahoo showed investors a glimmer of success Monday as the sale process continues, posting second-quarter sales that exceeded analysts  estimates. Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer said on a conference call that the company is  deep  into reviewing bids and will update shareholders at a prudent time.

Vector s expertise is largely in the venture and growth capital segments of the market, typically making equity investments of $50 million to $200 million.

Recent deals include a $33 million investment in cloud marketing-software provider Emarsys and a buyout of cloud-computing firm Saba Software Inc. that valued the company at $400 million.

Vector has also operated a credit platform since 2008, and has a total of $265 million in assets under management, across two vehicles, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.

The platform, which is co-headed by Nick Ghoussaini and Ilya Voytov, focuses on technology and software businesses and makes loans ranging from $5 million to $50 million. Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Chipotle, 3M, Mobileye, Netflix, Seagate ... The stock market is close to all-time highs again, but stocks were indicated marginally lower on Tuesday morning. The market has moved past the Brexit uncertainty and does not even seem to be concerned about high valuations. Investors keep proving that they will buy their favorite stocks on pullbacks.

24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each morning in an effort to find new investing and trading ideas for its readers. Some of these analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others feature stocks to sell or avoid.

These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Tuesday morning:

Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (NYSE: CMG) was raised to Outperform from Underperform at CLSA. Price target data was not available early on Tuesday, but this call is just a couple trading days after Morgan Stanley warned that Chipotle s troubles could last a few years in its analyst downgrade of the food chain. Chipotle has a 52-week trading range of $384.77 to $758.61, and closed up it 1% at $408.90 on Monday, with a premarket indication up another 1.5% at $415.00 on Tuesday.

3M Co. (NYSE: MMM) was reiterated as Buy at Jefferies, but the standout issue here is that the price target was raised to $210 from $190. Shares closed at $181.11 on Monday, versus a 52-week range of $134.00 to $181.84. The consensus analyst price target was $174.57, but the prior street-high analyst price target was $200.

Mobileye N.V. (NYSE: MBLY) was started with a Neutral rating and its price target is $55 (versus a $48.48 prior close) at JPMorgan. The 52-week range is $23.57 to $64.48, and the consensus price target is $56.92.

Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) closed at $98.81 on Monday, but its stock was indicated down almost 13% at $86.00 in early Tuesday trading after earnings. The online film and media streaming giant was maintained as Underperform at Jefferies but the price target was cut to $76 from $80 in that call. Mizuho maintained its Neutral rating but cut its target to $90 from $109. Merrill Lynch reiterated its Buy rating and $121 price objective, and Credit Suisse maintained its Outperform rating and $122 target. Netflix has a 52-week range of $79.95 to $133.27.

Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ: STX) was raised to Neutral from Sell at Citigroup. Shares closed up 4.3% at $30.15 and were indicated up 0.3% at $30.25 early on Tuesday. The 52-week range is $18.42 to $52.88, but the consensus price target is still currently lower at $26.73.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) closed up 0.6% at $37.95 on Monday and was indicated down 1% at $37.55 on Tuesday after its earnings report. Yahoo was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $41 price target (versus a $37.95 close) at Pivotal Research. RBC Capital Markets reiterated its Sector Perform rating and raised its price target to $39 from $38. Merrill Lynch said that its base case, using a 20% discount on Alibaba, suggests $43, but the upside case its $48 price objective.

You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if you want the daily analyst calls and research updates directly on your Twitter feed.

Other top analyst upgrades and downgrades were seen as follows: Yahoo's goal is to finish bidding process by end of july - CNBC  5 bidders in final round for Yahoo's core business - CNBC  Verizon, Quicken, Vector said among likely winning Yahoo bidders - BBG  
2016-07-22
Verizon Nears Deal to Acquire Yahoo After months of leaks and speculation, Verizon Communications Inc. has emerged as the most likely buyer of Yahoo! Inc.

The deal, which may be announced in the next few days according to people familiar with the matter, will likely bring to an end the tumultuous reign of Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer, who tried and failed to re-invent Yahoo as an independent company. If finalized, the nation s largest wireless carrier would add the iconic web pioneer and its millions of daily users to a growing stable of media properties.

Verizon is discussing a price close to $5 billion for Yahoo s core internet business, one of the people said. While the deal doesn t include the company s patents at this stage, it does include real estate assets. The non-core sale of intellectual property assets will be sold separately, a person familiar with the deal said, and won t be finished for another month at least. They could fetch  hundreds of millions of dollars,  the person said.

 The buyer that could make the most out of these assets has apparently won,  said Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics LLC.  No one could get more out of Yahoo s businesses than Verizon. 

A representative for Verizon declined to comment. A representative for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo couldn t immediately be reached for comment.

An agreement would end a months-long bidding process for Yahoo, which began earlier this year when Mayer said the company would explore strategic alternatives, including selling its core assets that once made it the gateway to the internet.

After more than three years at the helm without delivering on a turnaround strategy, Mayer finally bowed to rising shareholder ire after the collapse of a plan to spin off Yahoo s stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. in a way that would minimize the tax impact for investors. Alibaba, the largest e-commerce provider in China, emerged as the most valuable piece of Yahoo, and investors were seeking a way to realize some of those gains. After U.S. regulators failed to give prior approval for the transaction s tax status, Yahoo was forced to jettison the plan.

AT&T Inc. and Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert, as well as buyout firms Vector Capital Management and TPG were also active in the bidding process until the end. Yahoo hasn t told other parties they are out of the process, according to a person familiar with the negotiations.

Verizon sees a complementary set of businesses that could find a home alongside its AOL properties.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

With the wireless industry maturing, Verizon has been buying up internet and advertising technology companies, including AOL, and presenting itself as the best bet to take on Alphabet Inc. s Google and Facebook Inc. in mobile advertising. Yahoo has millions of users, a collection of websites including Flickr, Tumblr and Yahoo Finance and Sports and some useful digital-ad tech like Flurry and BrightRoll. Together with AOL, the new Yahoo under Verizon may have a better chance of competing in a digital ad market dominated by two big players.

 This will expand Verizon s advertising base by 200 million more visitors,  Entner said.  This will be a large driver of the advertising engine. They also can collect a whole lot more user data to make the ads more relevant. They will be in more places with better ads. 

Yahoo shares were up 0.9 percent at 12:18 p.m. to $39.21. They have gained 18 percent so far this year. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trading Outlook Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trading Outlook

Traders remain confident someone will make a big offer for YHOO

YAHOO! INC closed down -0.050 at 38.850. Volume was 99% below average (consolidating) and Bollinger Bands were 20% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

39.010 39.250 38.720 38.850 112,603

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 38.08 37.25 34.24

Volatility: 14 33 40

Volume: 11,287,700 12,268,714 15,179,400

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

YAHOO! INC is currently 13.5% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is relatively normal as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of YHOO.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on YHOO.O and have had this outlook for the last 11 periods.

Momentum

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 82.1852. This is an overbought reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses below 80 The last signal was a sell 10 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 62.55. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 75 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 213.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 12 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 13 period(s) ago. Is Cravath's New Leader Behind Verizon and Yahoo's Reported Talks? An employee works at the Yahoo! Inc. Customer Care Center of Excellence in Amherst, New York, U.S., on Friday, Sept. 26, 2014. Yahoo Inc., a $40 billion Web portal, is expected to release third quarter earnings on Oct. 21. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg

After months of guessing by observers, telecom giant Verizon is ready to close a deal for the purchase of Yahoo, according to several reports on Friday.

If the deal is finalized, Verizon will have beaten out a number of potential buyers, including AT&T and an investment group backed by billionaire investor Warren Buffett and Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert.

According to a press release from the company back in February announcing the formation of a committee to explore sale options, Yahoo has been advised in the talks by Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP.

According to her profile page, soon-to-be presiding partner Faiza Saeed is a member of the committee appointed by Yahoo back in February. She was not immediately available for comment.

Earlier this month, Cravath tapped Saeed, co-head of the M&A practice, to lead the nearly 200 year old firm. She s the first female presiding partner in the firm s history.

In addition to Cravath, the deal would be a big win in the young tenure of Craig Silliman, a long-time Verizon lawyer who took over as the company s GC in January last year.

A Verizon representative declined to discuss what law firms are advising the telecommunications provider on the deal.

The recent past might offer a hint: lawyers from Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz advised Verizon on two big deals in the last two years   its $4.4 billion purchase of AOL, and its purchase of Vodafone s $130 billion dollar stake in Verizon Wireless.

Wachtell did not return emails on Friday asking whether they were involved in the Yahoo talks.

The GC on the other side, Ron Bell, has been in charge of Yahoo s legal department since 2012, according to his LinkedIn page.

Before joining Yahoo, Bell was at Apple Computer Inc., and before Apple, at Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal, a Chicago-based firm that in 2010 merged with Lond0n-based Denton Wilde Sapte to form SNR Denton. In March 2013, SNR Denton was one of three firms that merged to form Dentons.

Hired away from Google, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer was brought in to reverse the flagging fortunes of Yahoo in 2012. The sale to Verizon would potentially end her tenure with the company.

Reportedly, the companies are set to announce an agreement in the next few days. Verizon Buying Yahoo! Armstrong Replacing Mayer  Yahoo Inc closes in on $5bn sale to US rival Verizon Communications US telecoms giant Verizon Communications is close to buying troubled web firm Yahoo Inc. for around $5bn ( 3.8bn  4.6bn), according to reports on Monday (25 July). Verizon is in talks to buy Yahoo's core web business in a deal that could be announced in the coming days, said Bloomberg News.

Yahoo - an early pioneer of the internet -had put its online services up for sale to the highest bidder several months ago.

If the deal is concluded, Verizon is expected to merge Yahoo into its fledgling digital-media unit, which includes the AOL business it bought last year for $4.4bn ( 3.36bn,  4bn).

Verizon, with a market cap of roughly $225bn and around $4.5bn in cash on its balance sheet, hopes video-service sales and online ads can help grow its digital unit.

The sale would also mark the end of Yahoo as an operating company, leaving it solely as the owner of a 35.5% stake in Yahoo Japan, as well as its 15% interest in the successful Chinese e-commerce firm, Alibaba.

Over a succession of years, Yahoo has lost ad sales to larger rivals such as Google, Facebook and Amazon. Solitron Devices, Inc. Announces Change of Leadership and Additional Board Member WEST PALM BEACH, FL / ACCESSWIRE / July 22, 2016 / Solitron Devices, Inc. (SODI) (the "Company") today announced:

Shevach Saraf, Chairman and CEO of the Company has retired as of Friday, July 22, 2016. The Board would like to thank Mr. Saraf for his many years of service. He joined the Company at a particularly difficult time for Solitron and guided the Company successfully while many competitors failed. The Company will be holding a retirement luncheon in Mr. Saraf's honor at the Company's offices in early August.

Pursuant to Mr. Saraf's retirement, the Company reached an agreement with Mr. Saraf, subject to a seven day revocation period by Mr. Saraf ending July 29th, whereby the Company will fulfill the terms of his employment agreement, repurchase all shares held by Mr. Saraf, and repurchase all outstanding options held by Mr. Saraf. The total sum of the payment to Mr. Saraf is approximately $2.85 million including accrued unused vacation and COBRA benefits. Mr. Saraf has also resigned from the Board effective as of July 22, 2016, subject to the revocation period described above. As a result of this transaction the total number of fully diluted shares outstanding will decline from 2,523,050 to 1,901,950, a reduction of 621,100, or 24.6%.

The Board has also approved an amendment to Solitron's bylaws in order to separate the CEO and Chairman roles, and appointed Tim Eriksen as CEO of the Company. Mr. Eriksen has served as a Director of the Company since the election of August 4th, 2015. Mr. Eriksen's responsibilities will primarily consist of shareholder relations, capital allocation, governance issues, and assistance in financial reporting. The Board believes Mr. Eriksen is well qualified to fill this position.

David Pointer has been appointed Chairman of the Board of the Company. Mr. Pointer has served as a Director of the Company since the election of August 4th, 2015. The Board appreciates Mr. Pointer's willingness to step in and fill this role.

Mark Matson has been named President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company (COO). In recent months Mr. Matson has served the Company in a consultant role and is very familiar with Solitron Devices, Inc.'s products and markets. Mr. Matson's previous experience includes COO and VP of Operations at YSI, Vice President of Operations and Engineering at Rockford Corporation, General Manager of Seattle Division for Benchmark Electronics, and Vice President at ADIC (Advanced Digital Information Corporation) and at Interpoint. The Board is pleased to have someone of Mr. Matson's experience in the semiconductor component marketplace to be able to step in and run the operations of the Company.

Several months ago a shareholder of Solitron informed Solitron of the shareholder's intention to run a proxy contest in the 2016 election. The Board entered into discussions with this shareholder and was pleased to learn that their concerns about the Company closely mirrored those expressed by shareholders in the 2015 election. As a result of those discussions, the Board has appointed Charles Gillman as a Class III director effective July 22, 2016 to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Saraf's retirement. Mr. Gillman will hold office until the Company's 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and will be the Company's nominee in the upcoming election at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Mr. Gillman has served on numerous corporate boards and has an excellent reputation for strong corporate governance in favor of all shareholders.

Solitron has agreed to reimburse expenses related to the 2015 proxy contest and the potential 2016 proxy contest. In total, the expenses to be reimbursed will not exceed $200,000.

The Company has set the date of its 2016 annual meeting of shareholders for August 26, 2016. The meeting will be held in West Palm Beach, Florida.

Important Additional Information About the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

This press release may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, including the upcoming election of directors. The meeting proposals, including the election of directors, will be submitted to the stockholders of Solitron for their consideration. In connection with the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Solitron will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a proxy statement. Stockholders of Solitron are urged to read the proxy statement when it becomes available and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC, as well as any amendments or supplements to those documents, because they will contain important information. Stockholders of Solitron will be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, as well as other filings containing information about Solitron at the SEC's Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). Copies of the proxy statement and any SEC filings that will be incorporated by reference in the proxy statement can be obtained, free of charge, by directing a request to: Tim Eriksen, Chief Executive Officer, E-mail: corporate@solitrondevices.com.

Read More Verizon is nearing deal to acquire Yahoo - Bloomberg  
2016-02-08
Netflix, Inc., Yahoo! Inc., LinkedIn Corp, Twitter Inc: Dot-Com Bubble 2.0 Is ... Do you remember how much stocks went down when the first dot-com bubble burst? Well, it is happening again, and tech stocks are already down more than half a trillion dollars since the middle of 2015.

On Friday, the tech-heavy Nasdaq dropped to its lowest level in more than 15 months, and it has now fallen more than 16 percent from the peak of the market. But of course some of the biggest names have fallen much more than that. .

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) is down 37 percent, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is down 39 percent, LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) is down 60 percent, and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) is down more than 70 percent. If you go back through my previous articles, you will find that I specifically warned about Twitter again and again.

Irrational financial bubbles like this always burst eventually, and many investors that got in at the very top are now losing extraordinary amounts of money.

On Friday, tech stocks got absolutely slammed as the bursting of dot-com bubble 2.0 accelerated once again. The following is how CNBC summarized the carnage 

The Nasdaq composite fell 3.25 percent, as Apple and the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB) dropped 2.67 percent and 3.19 percent, respectively. Also weighing on the index were Amazon and Facebook, which closed down 6.36 percent and 5.81 percent, respectively. LinkedIn shares also tanked 43.63 percent after posting weak guidance on their quarterly results.

Overall, LinkedIn is now down a total of 60 percent from the peak of the market. But they are far from the only ones that have already seen their bubble burst.

Many of the biggest names in the tech world have gotten mercilessly hammered over the past six months of so. Just look at some of the famous brands that have already lost between 20 and 40 percent of their market caps 

Yahoo (YHOO) shares are off 39%, and Netflix (NFLX), the best-performing stock in the S&P 500 last year, is now off by 37% from its 52-week high. Likewise, Priceline.com (PCLN) is off 31% and eBay (EBAY),22%.

But there are other very big tech companies that have seen stock collapses that completely dwarf those numbers. Here are some more absolutely stunning statistics from USA Today 

Twitter and Groupon are the biggest dogs of this boom, both off 70% from 52-week highs and well below their IPO prices. FitBit shares have collapsed 70%, while Yelp s valuation has shrunk by two-thirds. Box, which has the distinction of posting quarterly net losses in excess of revenue, is down by half. Match.com, the holding company for dating sites owned by parent Interactive Corp. that went public late last year, is down39% from its high.

When your stock loses 70 percent of its value, that is a complete and utter collapse.

In the past, I have specifically singled out Twitter, Yelp and LinkedIn as tech stocks that were irrationally priced.

Hopefully people listened to those warnings and got out while the getting was good.

At the top of this article, I mentioned that tech stocks have already fallen in value by more than 500 billion dollars. The financial crisis that began in the middle of last year is now greatly accelerating, and Wall Street is starting to panic.

As stocks crash, many hedge funds are being absolutely pummeled. The following are just a few of the high profile names that are experiencing massive losses right now 

Some of the biggest names to get trounced include:  Pershing Square Capital Management, the publicly traded investment vehicle of billionaire hedgie Bill Ackman, fell 11% last month following a 20% decline last year, data from the web site shows.  Larry Robbins  Glenview Capital, famous for picking stocks that could benefit from Obamacare, dropped 13.65% in January following a decline of 18% last year, according to data from HSBC s Hedge Weekly report, a copy of which was obtained by USA TODAY.  Marcato International, a well-known activist fund run by Ackman protege Mick McGuire, fell 12.1% last month following a 9% loss last year, according to HSBC.

When you lose more than 10 percent of your money in a single month, that is not good.

And if I am right, this is just the beginning of our troubles.

And of course I am far from the only one warning that big problems are on the horizon. In fact, analysts at Citigroup just made international headlines by warning that the global economy was now trapped in a  death spiral  

Some analysts   including those at Citi   have turned bearish on the world economy this year, following an equity rout in January and weaker economic data out of China and the U.S.  The world appears to be trapped in a circular reference death spiral,  Citi strategists led by Jonathan Stubbs said in a report on Thursday.  Stronger U.S. dollar, weaker oil/commodity prices, weaker world trade/petrodollar liquidity, weaker EM (and global growth)  and repeat. Ad infinitum, this would lead to Oilmageddon, a  significant and synchronized  global recession and a proper modern-day equity bear market. 

Signs of a significant economic downturn are all around us, and so many of the exact same patterns that played out during the last two stock market crashes are happening again, and yet most people continue to refuse to acknowledge what is taking place.

If you are waiting for this new dot-com bubble to crash, you can stop waiting, because it has already happened.

When your stock falls by 50, 60 or 70 percent, the game is already over.

But just like 2001 and 2008, many people out there will end up being paralyzed by indecision. Once again the mainstream media is insisting that there is no reason for panic and that everything will be just fine, and once again millions upon millions of ordinary Americans will be wiped out as the financial markets implode.

This is now the third time this has happened since the turn of the century.

How clueless have we become? The exact same thing keeps happening to us over and over and yet we still don t get it.

Only this time around there isn t going to be any sort of a  recovery  afterwards.

This is essentially our  third strike , and the years ahead are going to be extremely bitter and painful for most people.

But if you want to believe that one of these politicians is going to come along and save America, you go ahead and keep on believing that.

Most people believe what they want to believe, and the capacity that many Americans have demonstrated for self-delusion is absolutely remarkable.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Michael Snyder. Verizon Said to Enlist AOL CEO Armstrong to Explore Yahoo Deal Verizon Communications Inc. has given Tim Armstrong, chief executive officer of its AOL unit, a leading role in exploring a possible bid for Yahoo! Inc. assets, according to a person with knowledge of the situation.

Late last week, and as far back as December, Verizon has said  yes  when asked whether it was interested in purchasing some or all of the struggling company.

The largest U.S. phone carrier hasn t hired bankers to conduct an offer and there have been no formal talks, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because Verizon s plans haven t been made public. Still, as Yahoo sorts out its strategy, Armstrong is taking a lead in preliminary discussions, the person said.

Verizon is looking to make its go90 streaming video service a source of new sales and profit. Yahoo, with more than 1 billion people using its e-mail, finance, sports and video sites, represents a prized asset to combine with AOL s 2 million users and Verizon s more than 112 million wireless subscribers. That kind of Web traffic, along with exclusive content, is just what Verizon needs to secure a foothold in video advertising against YouTube and Facebook serving a mobile phone-addicted generation.

Yahoo and Verizon declined to comment.

Long-Time Ties

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Armstrong s outreach picks up on conversations he had in 2014 with Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer at the Allen & Co. media conference in Sun Valley, Idaho, according to another person familiar with the situation. This was a year before Verizon acquired AOL and when Armstrong was exploring a deal to combine the two former Web portal giants. He has known Mayer for years. Both were executives at Google before they left to head up their respective Web companies.

Armstrong helped with Verizon s $250 million purchase of advertising technology specialist Millennial Media Inc. in October. AOL, while it was still independent, had already begun talks with that company.

With the blessing of McAdam, Armstrong runs AOL as a semi-autonomous media and advertising business. A former U.S. sales chief for Google, Armstrong serves as a talent scout and dealmaker, helping Verizon develop its mobile video business to compete with Google and Facebook Inc.

For the better part of a decade, Yahoo has struggled through leadership changes, failures to gain a foothold in rising trends like mobile, an inability to dispose of valuable stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Yahoo Japan Corp. without heavy tax costs, and now faces calls for an outright sale by activist shareholder Starboard Value LP.

Verizon s McAdam has taken a patient stance with Yahoo. Yahoo s board has been  very deliberately and very logically  sorting out its plan, McAdam said Feb. 5 on CNBC s Mad Money.

 At the right price I think marrying up some of their assets with AOL under Tim Armstrong s leadership would be a good thing for investors,  McAdam said. Here's How a Verizon Deal Could Save Yahoo $12 Billion It's no secret that Yahoo's biggest asset its stake in Chinese company Alibaba has also been its biggest albatross, saddling the Silicon Valley firm with a potentially massive tax payment. But reports that Verizon is interested in buying Yahoo show a way that could make that tax bill go away altogether.

Yahoo ( yhoo ) scrapped plans in December to spin off its 384 million Alibaba shares into a separate company because of the chance that it could be stuck owing capital gains taxes of as much as $10 to $12 billion. Instead, Yahoo said that it would seek to sell its own core business in a tax-free transaction. Yet even that transaction would likely generate a tax bill, though likely a smaller one. Even so, investors have continued to value Yahoo as though it could still be forced to pay through the nose on its Alibaba ( baba ) stock gains.

But there is a way that Yahoo could avoid paying taxes on Alibaba all together. It's a complex scenario, but one that's becoming increasingly plausible.

Over the weekend, Verizon ( vz ) CEO Lowell McAdam told CNBC that he could envision acquiring Yahoo, saying that "marrying up some of their assets" with Verizon's recently acquired AOL business "would be a good thing for investors." The Yahoo assets that are attractive to Verizon most certainly do not include the Alibaba shares, according to accountant and tax advisor Robert Willens, who runs his own firm. That means Verizon would not inherit the Alibaba tax liability. Rather, Verizon would likely buy Yahoo's core business for about $5 billion, Willens estimates. The "rump" of Yahoo a shell company composed of the Alibaba shares and a separate chunk of Yahoo Japan would owe minimal taxes of about $800 million on the sale, also according to Willens.

In this scenario, you might think that the remaining Yahoo shell still has the problem of owning Alibaba shares that it can't sell without having to pay a big tax bill. But there is one exception: Alibaba could buy Yahoo's remains which would essentially be a "a free [share] buyback for 'Baba," Willens says. That way, Yahoo shareholders would exchange their shares for direct holdings of Alibaba (and perhaps an extra bonus of $6 to $7 per share in cash, Willens estimates). "The end game is to have 'Baba acquire Yahoo that s the key to it," he says. "The only company that can buy Yahoo and eliminate that tax liability forever is 'Baba."

Alibaba, meanwhile, could retire the shares that Yahoo held thereby reducing its own share count and increasing earnings per share.

As for the Yahoo Japan stake the only other entity under the Yahoo umbrella besides its core business and the Alibaba stake Willens thinks Yahoo could also dispose of it without paying the IRS in a tax-free transaction known as a cash-rich split-off. Essentially, Yahoo would jettison its Yahoo Japan stake and cash proceeds from the sale of its core business into a small subsidiary formed by Yahoo Japan. Yahoo shareholders would then get stock in the new subsidiary in return. But since the new subsidiary is largely just cash, Yahoo shareholders would likely get much of that cash back via special dividends washing their hands clean of Yahoo stock while circumventing any major tax punishment.

Between the various dividends and payouts that could be coming to Yahoo shareholders through the various transactions, it's curious why the market is still discounting Yahoo stock as though it will be paying billions to Uncle Sam.

"Those taxes aren t going to be paid," says Willens. Newsmaker: Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO In 2002, Marissa Mayer - then product manager at Google - likened the interface on the search engine at the time to a closed Swiss Army knife: "A clean, simple tool you want to take everywhere."

In 2002, Marissa Mayer - then product manager at Google - likened the interface on the search engine at the time to a closed Swiss Army knife: "A clean, simple tool you want to take everywhere."

And now as chief executive of rival Yahoo, Mayer is wielding a scalpel in an effort to stem the company's still deteriorating condition. Last week, the firm reported a whopping $4.8bn loss for 2015 after it impaired the value of investments and assets, including Tumblr, to the tune of $4.4bn.

Its revenue nudged higher to just under $5bn for the year, while its adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) slumped 30pc to $952m. By comparison, Irish companies such as CRH and Ryanair are bigger in terms of both revenue and EBITDA, while Kerry Group isn't miles away from Yahoo's EBITDA figure either, and beats it on revenue.

Mayer was paid a whopping $42m in cash and stock during 2014, which was 69pc more than in 2013 and just 15pc more than what she was paid in the first year as Yahoo chief executive. She joined in 2012. And while the latest set of quarterly and full-year results made for disappointing reading, Mayer was still talking up the prognosis. And that was despite the company's results revealing that Yahoo would close five offices and axe 1,600 jobs, or 15pc of its workforce.

Company chairman Maynard Webb said that Yahoo is exploring additional strategic alternatives, including separating itself from its 15pc stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, which is worth $23bn. That's the bulk of Yahoo's $27bn market capitalisation. Late last year, Mayer abandoned a plan to spin off its valuable Asian assets to shareholders, and said she would instead consider a reverse spin-off of other businesses into a standalone company, heightening criticism of her strategy. Last Tuesday, Yahoo said it will continue to pursue that plan, while the board will "engage on qualified strategic proposals".

"It has yet to be seen exactly what types of interest will really transpire, but we're open to any transactions," said Mayer. Several parties, including Verizon, have expressed interest in a possible Yahoo transaction. Private-equity firms TPG and Bain Capital are also interested.

The consensus is that this is probably Mayer's end-game. And it could be Yahoo's too. (Additional reporting: Bloomberg). Marissa Mayer

Irish Independent 
2016-09-29
Yahoo! Stock: Will Verizon Cancel Yahoo! Inc. Deal? By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : September 29, 2016

Has Yahoo Stock Suffered from the Massive Data Breach?

The huge data breach at Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) by unknown hackers has raised many questions. Apart from the questions of whom was responsible and just how much CEO Marissa Meyer actually knew about it, this is the main issue affecting Yahoo! stock: will the data breach of 500 million user accounts terminate Verizon Communications Inc. s (NYSE:VZ) acquisition of Yahoo s core assets?

Ultimately, the Yahoo-Verizon deal will go through. But the price of the transaction will be lower. Verizon simply wants or better, needs Yahoo s assets. What may happen is that Yahoo! stock will be marginally affected, as Verizon will likely demand a discount. (Source:  Verizon Remains Mum On Yahoo Acquisition Status In Aftermath Of Hack,  CRN, September 28, 2016.)

Certainly, Verizon s silence on the matter has not helped. This has added further doubt about whether Verizon will go through with the purchase of Yahoo!. The Financial Times has contributed to the air of uncertainty, accusing Meyer of knowing about the data breach in July, at the time that Verizon made its formal offer for Yahoo stock. (Source:  Marissa Mayer knew of Yahoo breach probe in July,  Financial Times, September 23, 2016.)

Yahoo! Has Reason to Worry

To describe the cyber-attack as an embarrassment for Yahoo and Verizon is an understatement. This is considered the greatest act of computer hacking in history. If Yahoo! were not in the process of a major asset takeover, YHOO stock would have crashed. Instead, it seems that investors have remained optimistic, media pessimism notwithstanding.

Verizon agreed to buy Yahoo s assets last July, of which the e-mail service represents one of the core activities. The stakes are huge. With the acquisition of Yahoo s Web activities, Verizon plans to transform itself into a digital media giant. For now, Verizon remains silent about its intentions. It has given no indication of the impact that cybertheft can have on the planned deal, saying only that  it is evaluating the situation. 

One of the biggest problems is that the agreement for the acquisition of Yahoo! is at an early stage. The Yahoo-Verizon integration has moved at a rapid pace, even if Verizon, which is not yet Yahoo s legal owner, lacks access to the company s server. So Verizon has no clear idea of   what happened and its consequences.

If Russia s Involved, Is it Better or Worse for YHOO Stock?

There has been much speculation, unconfirmed, that a foreign state, specifically Russia, may have played a major role in the Yahoo! hack. The usual dynamics of cyberwars involve a handful of hackers. The United States has used cyberhacking against hostile foreign entities. China, of course, has been accused of hacking and spying, as has North Korea. But no country has cultivated a reputation for hacking as keenly as Russia, in search of system vulnerabilities. To date, however, it is hard to decipher the reasons for the attack. Why Yahoo in particular? The reasons for Russia to breach Yahoo! accounts are unclear.

The Russia hacking possibility has sent shock waves throughout Washington. Six U.S. senators have written to Yahoo! CEO Mayer, demanding that she explain the delays in revealing the data breaches and how nobody managed to catch them after such a long period; they happened in 2014. The senators, including Elizabeth Warren and Patrick Leahy, said they were  shocked  by the delays, which they considered  unacceptable. 

The senators have added a dimension of political risk against Yahoo!, specifically targeting Mayer. Yahoo!, under her management, was spending more resources on technology to reach or beat the likes of Google (Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)), rather than on security. The senators say that the breach represents a violation of the privacy of millions of American consumers with their data.

The U.S. Senate might be mad, but whether Verizon will walk away from Yahoo! is another matter. The strategy has been to shift blame more onto CEO Marissa Mayer than onto Yahoo! itself. After all, Mayer will walk away with a nice financial package, no longer having anything to do with Yahoo! Inc. Yahoo! Hack Offers Gains for Cyber ETFs (HACK) Cybersecurity ETFs continue to generate significant investor interest after a wave of breaches hit companies around the globe. Despite a mid-May slump, cyber-crime and increased acquisition buzz has pushed cybersecurity stocks back to new highs.

The PureFunds ISE Cyber Security ETF (HACK) is back near a 52-week high after Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) announced that a massive breach saw hackers walk away with personal data from roughly 500 million accounts. It is one of the largest cyber attacks in corporate history.

On Wednesday, the New York Times released a scathing indictment of Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer s prioritization of cybersecurity at the company. According to a half-dozen current and former employees, the firm says that Mayer was more concerned about issues like email graphic design than a cyber breach that could hurt the company s reputation.

The article highlights that even at the highest levels of the technology world, cybersecurity has still not caught on as a business requirement and vital investment on a balance sheet. (For more, see: What You Don t Know About Cybersecurity Can Hurt You.)

HACK remains an intriguing investment because it provides investors with exposure across the full vertical chain of cybersecurity. This includes computer hardware, software, networking and authentication tools. Investors are eyeing two major trends when it comes to playing cybersecurity.

First, the increasing instances and intensity of cyber breaches around the world. Over the last year, markets have seen high-profile breaches of consumer data at The Home Depot Inc. (HD), Anthem Inc. (ANTM), Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) and others. The hacking of the Democratic National Committee has created paranoia in Washington. Today, there was even speculation about a possible hacking of the United States presidential election. (For more, read: Does Your Portfolio Need a Dose of Cybersecurity?)

Secondly, there is the ongoing speculation of merger and acquisition activity in the sector. Recently, there has been increased chatter about takeover bids of software firm Imperva Inc. (IMPV) and networking-hardware giant Juniper Networks Inc. (JNPR).

Multinational firms Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) and International Business Machines Corp (IBM) are looking to boost their cybersecurity offerings in an exploding environment for profitability. According to Market Research Media, the U.S. government alone plans to spend $65.5 billion on cybersecurity over the next five years. On a global market, Gartner projects that global spending on cybersecurity will rise from $75 billion in 2015 to $175 billion by 2020. Why Boeing, Yahoo, Schlumberger, Halliburton, and Seadrill Are Trending With volatility on Wall Street low, traders are looking forward to Friday s release of the personal income and outlays report as a potential catalyst for more movement in the indexes.

In this article, we ll analyze five stocks that traders are talking about today, which include Boeing Co (NYSE:BA), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Schlumberger Limited. (NYSE:SLB), Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL), and Seadrill Ltd (NYSE:SDRL). We ll also use the latest 13F data to see how the smart money is positioned in each stock.

At Insider Monkey, we track over 750 hedge funds, whose quarterly 13F filings we analyze and determine their collective sentiment towards several thousand stocks. However, our research has shown that the best strategy is to follow hedge funds into their small-cap picks. This approach can allow monthly returns of nearly 95 basis points above the market, as we determined through extensive backtests covering the period between 1999 and 2012 (see the details here).

Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) is in the spotlight after Reuters reported that the U.S. government has given the green light for Boeing to sell around $7 billion in fighter jets to Qatar and Kuwait. The sales of the jets, which are of the F-15 and F/A-18E/F Super Hornet variety, were pending for over two years due to some concerns made by Israel. Some think the government has given the green light to the sales due to the need to reassure allies of America s commitment to its Allies in the Middle East after the Iran nuclear deal. Phill Gross and Robert Atchinson s Adage Capital Management raised its stake in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 23% in the second quarter to just over 1.1 million shares as of the end of June.

Follow Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Follow Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Trade (NYSE:BA) Now!

The bad news keeps on coming for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). According to the Wall Street Journal, security firm InfoArmor says that it was criminal hackers that broke into Yahoo s database, driven by commercial reasons, not a state-sponsored group as the internet giant has said it suspects. Yahoo recently revealed that certain information of over 500 million of its users was compromised by a data breach in 2014. Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value reported owning a long position of almost 12.3 million shares in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), good for 16.34% of the value of the fund s public equity portfolio as of the end of June.

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

On the next page we ll find out why investors are buzzing about Schlumberger, Halliburton, and Seadrill. Why Box, Inc. (BOX) Stock Might be a Great Pick One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Box, Inc. BOX. This is because this security in the Internet Software space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks Industry Rank perspective.



This is important because, often times, a rising tide will lift all boats in an industry, as there can be broad trends taking place in a segment that are boosting securities across the board. This is arguably taking place in the Internet Software space as it currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 60 out of more than 250 industries, suggesting it is well-positioned from this perspective, especially when compared to other segments out there.



Meanwhile, Box, Inc. is actually looking pretty good on its own too. The firm has seen solid earnings estimate revision activity over the past month, suggesting analysts are becoming a bit more bullish on the firm s prospects in both the short and long term.

BOX INC-A Price and Consensus

BOX INC-A Price and Consensus | BOX INC-A Quote



In fact, over the past month current quarter estimates have narrowed from a loss of 40 cents per share to a loss of 35 cents per share, while current year estimates have narrowed from a loss of $1.42 per share to a loss of $1.29 per share. This has helped BOX to earn a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), further underscoring the company s solid position. You can see the complete list of today s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.

So, if you are looking for a decent pick in a strong industry, consider Box, Inc. Not only is its industry currently in the top third, but it is seeing solid estimate revisions as of late, suggesting it could be a very interesting choice for investors seeking a name in this great industry segment.

Confidential from Zacks

Beyond this Tale of the Tape, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>>



Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report



BOX INC-A (BOX): Free Stock Analysis Report



To read this article on Zacks.com click here.



Zacks Investment Research Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc (BR) President and CEO Richard J Daly Sold ... - By insider





President and CEO of Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc (BR) Richard J Daly sold 201,460 shares of BR on 09/28/2016 at an average price of $69.11 a share. The total sale was $13.9 million.

Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc provides investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, mutual funds and corporate issuers. Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc has a market cap of $8.03 billion; its shares were traded at around $67.89 with a P/E ratio of 26.82 and P/S ratio of 2.84. The dividend yield of Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc stocks is 1.81%. Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of 4.40% over the past 10 years.





CEO Recent Trades:

President and CEO Richard J Daly sold 201,460 shares of BR stock on 09/28/2016 at the average price of $69.11. The price of the stock has decreased by 1.77% since.

President and CEO Richard J Daly sold 244,935 shares of BR stock on 09/23/2016 at the average price of $69.36. The price of the stock has decreased by 2.12% since.

President and CEO Richard J Daly sold 125,652 shares of BR stock on 09/22/2016 at the average price of $69.58. The price of the stock has decreased by 2.43% since.

President and CEO Richard J Daly sold 103,823 shares of BR stock on 09/20/2016 at the average price of $68.8. The price of the stock has decreased by 1.32% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

Corporate Senior VP Robert Schifellite sold 9,000 shares of BR stock on 09/01/2016 at the average price of $69.3. The price of the stock has decreased by 2.03% since.

For the complete insider trading history of BR, click here

.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.





 
2016-07-11
Yahoo to Live Stream Video of Second Quarter 2016 Earnings on Yahoo Finance on ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will discuss the Company s financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016 via live stream video.

WHEN: Monday, July 18 at 2:30 p.m. Pacific/5:30 p.m. Eastern.

WHERE: The live stream will be broadcast from Yahoo s Sunnyvale studio and will be available exclusively on Yahoo Finance at http://finance.yahoo.com/. The video will be archived after the event at https://investor.yahoo.net and will be available for 90 days following the broadcast.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo and Yahoo Finance are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc.

All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Yahoo downgraded as potential sale isn't likely to boost the stock Shares of Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% dropped 0.9% in premarket trade Monday, after the internet portal was downgraded at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey to neutral. Analyst Robert Peck cut the stock price target to $42, which is 11% above Friday's closing price of $37.74, from $44. Peck gave four reasons for downgrading Yahoo: 1) Although he expects a positive result from its plan to sell its core business, which could be announced around July 18, the fact that it is so widely anticipated could result in a "sell the news" effect on the stock; 2) the process of selling off its investments in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.38% is "convoluted and complex;" 3) the "hook" nature of the Alibaba shares could lower the buyout premium; and 4) a buyout could take a long time--possibly 18 months--to be completed, if it is at all. The stock has climbed 13% year to date through Friday, while the S&P 500 has gained 4.2%. Brilliant Light Power, Inc. Announces the Validation of the Generation of over ... CRANBURY, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Brilliant Light Power, Inc. (BrLP) announced today that it has continuously generated over a million watts of power from a new primary source until the cell vaporized from the intense heat. The power released by the conversion of hydrogen atoms from water molecules into a lower energy form called  Hydrino  or dark matter is manifest as brilliant-light emitting plasma wherein the light is uniquely and extraordinarily essentially all high-energy light in the extreme ultraviolet. Using four cross-confirming methodologies, five validators have confirmed over a million watts of plasma power developed by BrLP s so-called SunCell  at power gains of over 100 times the power to ignite the Hydrino reaction, and at power densities higher than any previously known energy source. Dr. Randy Booker, physics professor and former Physics Department Chairman at University of North Carolina-Ashville said,  The power was measured using two optical power measurements involving three sophisticated spectrometers calibrated against a National Institute of Science and Technology traceable standard and two thermal methods involving a commercial calorimeter and the rate of the rise of the water coolant temperature of the SunCell . All four methodologies cross-confirmed the production of megawatt scale power that was continuous in the case of the SunCell  with spectacular commercial potential. Moreover, the unique and characteristic spectrum from the optical tests of essentially purely high energy light emission over a predicted range confirms the hydrino reaction as the source of the power. 

BrLP subsequently held an invitation demonstration event on June 28, 2016 for about 50 guests from industry and academia wherein BrLP presented live demonstrations of the enormous power density and power gain by multiple methods. BrLP also presented an engineered SunCell  prototype having no moving parts that it believes is capable of producing 125 kW of electricity. BrLP anticipates having field trials in 2017 supported by several current engineering firm and manufacturer partners. It comprises refractory materials capable of the intense heat wherein the SunCell s  enormous power density heats a blackbody radiator to incandescent temperatures to produce the effect of thousands of halogen light bulbs, and the light is converted to electricity with so-called concentrator photovoltaic cells that receive the light from the blackbody radiator and operate at incident light intensities of over one thousand times that of sunlight. Details of the SunCell , the BlackLight Process, the video and slide presentation from the June 28, 2016 demonstrations, background theory, journal publications, and other support materials are available on the BrLP webpage (http://brilliantlightpower.com).

BrLP s safe, non-polluting power-producing system catalytically converts the hydrogen of the H 2 O-based solid fuel into a non-polluting product, Hydrino, by allowing the electrons to fall to smaller radii around the nucleus. The energy release is over 200 times that of burning the equivalent amount of hydrogen with oxygen. Due to this extraordinary energy release, H 2 O may serve as the source of hydrogen fuel to form Hydrinos and oxygen. Moreover, the SunCell  is compact, light-weight and autonomous with a projected capital cost of 1% to 10% that of any other form of power. The anticipated cost is so low that BrLP intends to provide autonomous individual power for essentially all stationary and motive applications untethered to the grid or any fuels infrastructure. Dr. Mills announced,  This is the end of the age of fire, the internal combustion engine, and centralized power and fuels. 

 The commercial potential for SunCell  technology is enormous. The promise of a cheap, clean and unlimited source of electric power is on the verge of commercialization. SunCell  components are based on well-known technologies from electrical lighting, photovoltaic, semiconductor, refractory and aerospace industries, and use widely available materials. What is new is Brilliant Light Power s theoretical and experimental breakthroughs, protected by patents and proprietary know-how. Albert Einstein is looking down, smiling: I told you so, He does not play dice,  said Former World Bank manager Gerhard Pohl. Dr. Joseph Renick, former Chief Scientist at Applied Research Associates added,  It is understandable why even the best of scientists have difficulty taking seriously that which has been accomplished by Dr. Mills and his team at Brilliant Light Power because of how completely it transforms our understanding of atomic and molecular structure, dispels all of the strangeness associated with quantum theory so cherished by quantum physicists and chemists and then to boot delivers to mankind a new source of essentially unlimited inexpensive clean energy. The novel techniques, materials and processes developed by BrLP in the last few years are making this new source of energy a reality for all of mankind. The rest, however painful it will be for many in the natural sciences, will follow. 

Read More 
2016-02-18
Yahoo's Burbank office to shut down During an earnings call earlier this month when Yahoo Inc. posted a massive quarterly-earnings loss, Marissa Mayer, the company s chief executive, outlined plans to reverse the company s declining revenues in its legacy businesses as it seeks to build new, fast-growing product lines   a strategy she likened to a  tectonic shift. 

On Wednesday, the seismic impacts began to register in Burbank, where the company said it will permanently close its office. Employees at the campus near Bob Hope Airport were told a number of jobs are being eliminated and others will be consolidated to the company's Playa Vista office, according Carolyn Clark, a company spokeswoman.

NEWSLETTER: Stay up to date with what's going on in the 818 >>

Yahoo s plans called for  very difficult decisions and changes to our business,  Clark said. The company is expected to cut nearly 15% of its 11,000 employees and also announced the phasing out of seven of its digital magazines, including those dedicated to food, travel, health and parenting topics.

Clark declined to provide specific numbers of affected employees in Burbank, but a notice filed Wednesday with the state's Employment Development Department lists 90 positions being eliminated effective April 18.

It also states that 60 employees will be impacted by cuts in Los Angeles, and 46 in San Francisco, all with the same effective date.

A separate notice was filed with the state last week indicating 107 employees at the firm's Sunnyvale headquarters will be let go as of April 11. The latest notice filed this week states an additional 128 Sunnyvale employees will be laid off on April 18.

Yahoo Search Marketing employed roughly 1,200 people when it completed a move from Pasadena to Burbank's Media Studios North on Empire Avenue in 2006. It had up to 1,800 workers and was the city's sixth largest employer in February 2008, when a round of layoffs slashed more than 100 jobs locally.

According to a January 2013 article posted on the company's recruitment website, more than 400 people worked at the Burbank facility at that time, in areas related to online search, sales, operations and marketing.

In the earnings call earlier this month, Mayer said that since she joined the company more than three years ago, the company had closed 22 offices and ended more than 120 products and features as it shifted toward  growth-oriented  businesses. She described Yahoo as a stronger business as a result of those moves, despite a $4.43-billion earnings loss in the fourth quarter.

Legacy businesses including banner ads and  to some extent  online search face  head winds  causing a roughly $500-million drag on revenues per quarter, Mayer said, but new lines referred to by the term  mavens    mobile, video, native advertising and social   are showing strong growth, she said.

Mary Hamzoian, Burbank s economic development manager, said she had had not yet heard of the closing as of Wednesday afternoon. While the departure of Yahoo is undesirable,  this is a situation that is out of our control,  she said.

Burbank Mayor Bob Frutos said he received notice of the layoffs via email. He said they are the result of an  ever-changing economy  and underscore the need for the City Council to focus on efforts to make the media capital of the world attractive to good employers.

 I m just really saddened at the loss of jobs,  he said, expressing sympathy for any of the city s residents who will be impacted by the cuts.  The question is, what other company is coming in? 

--

Chad Garland, chad.garland@latimes.com

Twitter: @chadgarland Yahoo's Board Must Act Quick, Bob Peck Says Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) shares declined 18.63 percent over the past six months, to a drop to a low of $26.76 on February 11.

(NASDAQ: YHOO) shares declined 18.63 percent over the past six months, to a drop to a low of $26.76 on February 11. Robert S. Peck of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey has maintained a Buy rating on the company, with a price target of $40.

The Information reported on February 17 that time and user data for the company s three main verticals had significantly deteriorated.

Analyst Robert Peck mentioned that there have also been media reports regarding Yahoo not having been  as engaged in indications of interest from prospective buyers of the Core. 

If this is true,  the combination sets a cautionary path for YHOO as executives continue to leave, user metrics decline, and buyers are possibly eschewed,  the SunTrust report said.

Peck expressed confidence that the board would continue to fulfill its fiduciary duty and react in a timely manner to buyer interest in order to maximize the value of the Core business.

Related Link: Indonesia Bans Tumblr For "Pornographic Content," Yahoo Investors Quiet

Peck believes that meaningful interest has been expressed in the core by more than 20 potential strategic and financial buyers. However, some of these companies have also mentioned  a lack of engagement and process  by Yahoo, which has made them question the seriousness of management in finding strategic alternatives.

 If current management is being less than helpful, we would expect the independent directors on the board to facilitate robust communication and due diligence through their bankers to maximize shareholder value,  Peck stated.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Robert S. Peck SunTrust Robinson HumphreyAnalyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. YHOO Stock: The Smart Money Is Buying Yahoo! Inc.; Should You Buy, Too? By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : February 18, 2016

In recent months, Yahoo! Inc. (NYSE:YHOO) has changed its corporate plans and canceled the spinoff of its stake in Alibaba. Without a clear strategy, the falling value of the YHOO stock price has shown that investors are doubtful about CEO Marissa Mayer s ability to turn the company around. Starboard Value, one of the main funds, for instance, asks that Yahoo reconsider the way it runs its different businesses.

Yet, the gloom surrounding Yahoo stock has not discouraged investors and hedge funds. Yahoo has seen some of the largest gains on Wall Street over the past week, rising by 8.4% in the past week. Yahoo stock has a 12-month low of $26.15 and a 12-month high of $46.17.

Yahoo is looking for a savior. It may have found one in the form of Verizon Communications Inc. The prospect of a buyer lurking in the background may explain why Yahoo draws attention from hedge funds. Verizon s CEO, Lowell McAdam, confirmed his company s interest in Yahoo stock during an interview with CNBC.

Verizon sees Yahoo as a logical addition, considering that in 2015, Verizon acquired AOL for $4.4 billion. Yahoo would enhance Verizon s strategy of improving connectivity, adding traffic-generating platforms on its networks and, finally, to have content that supports its ecosystem.

Rather than sell their YHOO stock holdings, several funds have added Yahoo. It seems that after considering various Yahoo stock scenarios, with or without an Alibaba spinoff, funds are identifying a wide enough safety margin for profit.

Grassi Investment Management was one of those funds increasing its stake in Yahoo stock. Grassi added 3.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its latest 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) , which was disclosed on February 16. Grassi added 4,904 shares to its existing 150,030 shares of Yahoo stock for a total value $4.498 million. (Source:  Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stake Increased by Grassi Investment Management,  Financial Market News, February 16, 2016.)

Creative Planning increased its position in Yahoo stock by 8.7% in the fourth quarter. River & Mercantile Asset Management added $2.89 million to its existing Yahoo holdings, while Water Island Capital increased its Yahoo stock holdings by some 90% in the third quarter. (Source: Ibid.)

The fact is that Yahoo stock remains popular. In fact, the latest SEC filings say that 697 hedge funds and institutional investors own YHOO. Institutional investors own more than 68% of Yahoo s outstanding shares as of 1Q2015. (Source:  Yahoo Inc. Bearish Signal Filo David decreased Stake,  OctaFinance.com, January 22, 2016.)

A surprising 49 firms hold YHOO stock as a top 10 investment, including Owl Creek Asset Management L.P., Hudson Bay Capital Management LP, Luxor Capital Group LP, and Oxford Asset Management. (Source: Ibid.) JAT Capital Management LP is one of the most bullish investors with its 6,706,079 shares in Yahoo stock, representing 8.02% of the fund s stock portfolio. (Source: Ibid.)

JAT Capital actually bought 2.1 million Yahoo shares recently. Carlson Capital bought 2.9 million shares. Some European pension funds, which are typically conservative, have also added to their Yahoo holdings. The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund added 1.9% to its Yahoo stock in the fourth quarter. (Source:  Top U.S. hedge funds bet on Morgan Stanley and AIG,  Yahoo! Finance, February 16, 2016.)

Goldman Sachs has a $33.00 price target on Yahoo stock, with a  Neutral  rating. S&P Equity Research downgraded Yahoo stock, but still lists it as a  Buy  with a $38.00 price target. Macquarie lowered its price target on shares of Yahoo from $37.00 to $33.00 and set an  Outperform  rating. But these are the conservatives. Indeed, Yahoo stock has a  Buy  rating with a consensus target price of $40.49. This means that the stock has plenty of upside at its current valuation. (Source:  Goldman Sachs Reiterates $33.00 Price Target for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO),  EMQ News & Analysis, February 8, 2016.) Yahoo To Cut More Than 300 Jobs (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc <YHOO.O> on Wednesday said it would cut more than 300 jobs by April 18, as part of 1,500 layoffs announced earlier, San Francisco Chronicle reported.

The layoffs cover 128 employees at Yahoo s headquarters in Sunnyvale, California; 46 employees in San Francisco and 60 in Los Angeles, the newspaper reported citing a company s note to state officials.

The company also plans to shut down its Burbank office, affecting 90 employees, according to San Francisco Chronicle.

The layoffs affect people in Yahoo s media division, as well as employees in other roles such as engineering or research, San Francisco Chronicle reported.

Yahoo was not immediately available for comment.

Yahoo earlier during the day said it would shut down its digital magazines as part of a plan to simplify its business.

Yahoo announced last week it will lay off 107 employees in the first of what is expected to be more than 1,500 job cuts.

The company said earlier this month it would consider  strategic alternatives  for its core Internet business and cut about 15 percent of its workforce. Yahoo's New Headache: Activist Taking Steps Toward a Proxy Fight Starboard Value LP is taking initial steps toward a potential proxy fight with Yahoo! Inc., signaling the activist investor isn t satisfied with the Web portal s latest efforts to streamline and a pledge to consider selling assets, according to people familiar with the matter.

Okapi Partners LLC, a proxy-solicitation adviser typically used by Starboard, has been calling Yahoo shareholders, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process isn t public. Firms such as Okapi often make these calls ahead of a potential proxy battle, and Starboard could push for new board members as soon as this month. The investor owned less than 1 percent of Yahoo s stock at the end of last year.

A proxy fight would be yet another challenge for Yahoo Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer, who is already under fire after stumbling in her efforts to fuel growth at the Web company and separate from its valuable stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Yahoo Japan Corp. Earlier this month, Mayer said the board will engage on strategic proposals and explore alternatives. Starboard, which has been a critic of the company since 2014, in January called for an overhaul of management, saying the company needs  significant changes. 

Sarah Meron, a spokeswoman for Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo, declined to comment, as did Starboard. The activist in November publicly threatened a proxy fight for board seats.

 The market has a dim view of the company s current strategy,  Starboard CEO Jeff Smith said at the time in a strongly worded letter to Yahoo s board and management.  Selling the Core Business now is the best outcome for Yahoo shareholders,  the activist investor wrote, adding Starboard will  look to make significant changes to the board if you continue to make decisions that destroy shareholder value. 

Yahoo rose 0.7 percent to $29.58 at 9:35 a.m. Thursday in New York. Through yesterday the shares had declined 12 percent this year.

A successful proxy fight requires a shareholder to persuade other investors to vote in favor of proposed changes -- in Starboard s case, often a slate of replacement directors. The window to submit proposals for Yahoo s annual meeting or to nominate board members opens next week for about a month, according to a company filing.

Starboard s Record

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Starboard is one of the most prolific U.S. activist investors and has successfully forced companies to heed its wishes in the past. The firm in 2014 persuaded investors to replace Darden Restaurants Inc. s entire 12-member board after the unpopular sale of its Red Lobster chain to Golden Gate Capital. Starboard also recently helped push office-supply rivals Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. into a merger.

The fight with Starboard isn t Yahoo s first run-in with disgruntled activists. In 2012, Third Point LLC s Dan Loeb succeeded in getting himself and two nominees on the Yahoo board after tangling with former CEO Scott Thompson, who stepped down after failing to correct errors in his credentials. Later that year, Loeb was instrumental in getting Mayer to lead the company.

In 2008, Carl Icahn, a billionaire activist investor, joined Yahoo s board after threatening a proxy fight when the company failed to sell itself to Microsoft Corp. and co-founder Jerry Yang stepped down as CEO. Icahn left the board in 2009.

On Feb. 2, Mayer unveiled the company s latest turnaround plan, including a workforce cut of 15 percent, office closures and product shutdowns. She also signaled she s willing to sell core assets, saying the company was open to well-qualified proposals. Verizon Communications Inc. has publicly said it would consider a deal, while private equity firms TPG and Bain Capital have also weighed bids, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Apple vs. FBI: Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, John McAfee and more are taking stands As Apple Inc. and the federal government spar over unlocking an iPhone used by one of the shooters in December's San Bernardino terrorist attack, fellow tech companies and their leaders are speaking out about the fight.

On Tuesday, former Microsoft Corp. chief Bill Gates joined the debate, offering a more nuanced response than other leaders and calling for balance between privacy and government access to information.

FULL COVERAGE: Apple's fight with the FBI >>

Several tech companies and their leaders have said nothing, or have talked about encryption and security in more general terms. Microsoft and AOL each signed on to joint statements made by larger tech company associations, but spokespeople for those companies said last week that the firms would not comment beyond those statements.

 I think people are really torn,  said Avivah Litan, security analyst at research firm Gartner.  There s a lot of murky issues, and you don t want to alienate your customer base. It s easier to stay quiet. 

Of course, not everyone stayed quiet. Here are some high-profile reactions.

Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates



In an interview with the Financial Times published early Tuesday, Gates disagreed with Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook's stance that creating the software requested by the federal government would build a back door that would make its products' security easier to breach.

 This is a specific case where the government is asking for access to information,  he said.  They are not asking for some general thing, they are asking for a particular case. 

Later Tuesday morning, Gates tempered his remarks in an interview on Bloomberg Go, saying he was disappointed by reports that he backed the FBI.

"That doesn't state my view on this," he said. "I do believe there are sets of safeguards where the government shouldn't have to be completely blind."

Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg



Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks in Barcelona, Spain, on Monday. (Lluis Gene / AFP/Getty Images)

"We re sympathetic with Apple. We believe in encryption -- we think that that s an important tool," Facebook Inc.'s Mark Zuckerberg said Monday at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, according to USA Today. "I don t think requiring back doors with encryption is either going to be an effective way to increase security or is really the right thing to do for just the direction that the world is going to."

But he also said Facebook has a  pretty big responsibility  to help prevent terrorism and other attacks.

 If we have opportunities to basically work with governments and folks to make sure that there aren t terrorist attacks, then we re going to take those opportunities,  Zuckerberg said.  We feel a pretty strong responsibility to help make sure that society is safe."

A few days earlier, Facebook had issued a statement addressing the situation.

 We condemn terrorism and have total solidarity with victims of terror. Those who seek to praise, promote, or plan terrorist acts have no place on our services. We also appreciate the difficult and essential work of law enforcement to keep people safe. When we receive lawful requests from these authorities we comply,  Facebook's Thursday statement said.  However,  it continued,  we will continue to fight aggressively against requirements for companies to weaken the security of their systems. These demands would create a chilling precedent and obstruct companies  efforts to secure their products. 

What s in it for Facebook: The social network probably wants to reassure its users that it is not going to release private information, Gartner's Litan said.

 These companies are worried they re going to lose customers,  she said.

Yahoo information security chief Bob Lord



In a Friday morning tweet, Yahoo Inc. s Bob Lord characterized the situation as a  slippery slope. 

https://twitter.com/boblord/status/700704492371648513

Twitter and Square chief Jack Dorsey



Jack Dorsey, chief executive of Twitter and Square, initially did not respond in his own words: He retweeted a link to Cook s letter and then to a tweet of Google CEO Sundar Pichai. Then, on Thursday afternoon, Dorsey made his stance clear.

https://twitter.com/jack/status/700457149227360256

What s in it for Twitter: Like Facebook, Twitter probably wants to make sure it doesn t lose customers, Litan said.

 The last thing they need is for people to start exiting because of privacy concerns, and it could happen,  she said.  People come and go very quickly on social networks. 

Google chief Sundar Pichai



https://twitter.com/sundarpichai/status/700104298600886272

https://twitter.com/sundarpichai/status/700104342720761856

https://twitter.com/sundarpichai/status/700104383762026496

https://twitter.com/sundarpichai/status/700104433183502336

https://twitter.com/sundarpichai/status/700104478360342528

What's in it for Google:



Litan said Google had to respond because the company easily could have been subject to the same court order as Apple.

 Between the two of them, they own the market, so they obviously need an opinion here,  she said of Google.  It s basically saying,  If you asked us, we probably would have reacted the same way.  

WhatsApp chief Jan Koum





WhatsApp chief Jan Koum is shown in Munich, Germany, on Jan. 18. (Tobias Hase / AFP/Getty Images)

"I have always admired Tim Cook for his stance on privacy and Apple's efforts to protect user data and couldn't agree more with everything said in their Customer Letter," Koum said Wednesday on Facebook. "We must not allow this dangerous precedent to be set. Today our freedom and our liberty is at stake."



What's in it for WhatsApp:

The stance could inspire more consumer confidence in the mobile messaging app, Litan said.

 By WhatsApp speaking out, it s saying,  Even if you get the big guys, you re not going to get us,   she said.  It is important for these other applications to make statements. ... If people are worried about their privacy, they might stand behind those apps more. 

WhatsApp is owned by Facebook.

John McAfee, antivirus software developer

Antivirus software developer John McAfee is shown in Opelika, Ala., in 2015. (Todd J. Van Emst / Opelika-Auburn News)

McAfee called the federal order "a disarmament of our already ancient cybersecurity and cyberdefense systems" and said he and his team could decrypt the information on the iPhone in three weeks, eliminating the need for Apple to create a so-called back door.

"I would eat my shoe live on national television if we could not break the encryption on the San Bernardino iPhone," he said in a post on the International Business Times website. "This is a pure and simple fact."

Electronic Frontier Foundation



https://twitter.com/EFF/status/700063910171250688

The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a group that advocates for digital privacy, aligned itself with Apple.

Other groups spoke out more broadly about the balance between helping law enforcement and maintaining user privacy.

Reform Government Surveillance, a coalition of tech companies that includes Apple, Facebook, Twitter, Google and Microsoft, released this statement Wednesday about encryption and security:

"Reform Government Surveillance companies believe it is extremely important to deter terrorists and criminals and to help law enforcement by processing legal orders for information in order to keep us all safe. But technology companies should not be required to build in backdoors to the technologies that keep their users  information secure. RGS companies remain committed to solutions that provide law enforcement with the help it needs while protecting the security of their customers and their customers  information."

For more business news, follow @smasunaga on Twitter.



READ MORE:

How an Apple passcode has foiled the FBI



Tim Cook's stance on privacy could define his Apple legacy

Q&A: Apple vs. FBI is an epic fight over privacy and national security

 13 Crazy Things Said by Antivirus Guru John McAfee John McAfee, once known and respected for his popular computer antivirus software, has slowly devolved into a walking bulletin board of crazy-person quotes, both in the field of tech security and elsewhere.

This week, McAfee   currently running for president of the United States of America, by the way   chimed in on the fresh Apple v. FBI debate, questioning in an op-ed on Businessinsider.com why, instead of asking Apple to unlock the phone belonging to the San Bernardino shooter, the FBI couldn t simply  crack the encryption on its own. 

He went on to reason:

With all due respect to Tim Cook and Apple, I work with a team of the best hackers on the planet. These hackers attend Defcon in Las Vegas, and they are legends in their local hacking groups, such as HackMiami. They are all prodigies, with talents that defy normal human comprehension. About 75% are social engineers. The remainder are hardcore coders. I would eat my shoe on the Neil Cavuto show if we could not break the encryption on the San Bernardino phone. This is a pure and simple fact.

Read: The time cybersecurity guru John McAfee butt-dialed me



We re not tech security experts, but the suggestion that McAfee and Co. could just pop open a phone that the government has invested months attempting to crack sounds dubious. Of course we re also not surprised that a man once accused of murdering his neighbor for allegedly poisoning his dogs is coming up with such a banger of a claim. Sensationalism is kind of his thing.

Case in point: Here are some headlines of stories (with links) containing other questionable things McAfee has said publicly in the past:

 Wait, that last one actually sounds pretty right on.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Yahoo! Inc to cut more than 300 jobs - San Francisco Chronicle - Reuters  
2016-06-24
Yahoo Sale Could Be Imminent  Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page Sold $23448100 of Stocks  
2016-12-05
On the Move Insider Trading: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) exchanged hands 8,568,100 shares versus average trading capacity of 10.58M shares, while its relative trading volume is 0.81. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s total market worth is $38.66B along with 954.12M outstanding shares.

Insiders has most recently took part in a trading activity, Utzschneider Lisa, Chief Revenue Officer of the company in a transaction that occurred 11/30/2016 sold 683 shares of the stock. The stock was sold at a price of $41.62, for a total value of $28,426. Subsequent to the transaction Utzschneider Lisa owned a total of 591,109 shares of the stock.

In a separate transaction on 11/28/2016, Goldman Kenneth A, Chief Financial Officer sold 1,061 shares of the stock. The stock was sold at a price of $41.45, for a total worth of $43,978. Succeeding to the transaction Goldman Kenneth A owned overall 606,008 shares of the stock.

Moreover, Bell Ronald S, General Counsel & Secretary sold 1,591 shares of the stock in a reserved transaction that ensued on 11/28/2016. At a price of $41.45, the stock was sold for an entire value of $65,947. Consequent to the transaction Bell Ronald S owned a total of 618,880 shares of the stock.

Currently, 0.40% shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are owned by insiders with -0.28% six-month change in the insider ownership. The insider filler data counts the number of monthly positions over 3 month and 12 month time spans. For Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) total 57 number of trades held during last 3 months and 233 during last 12 months, out of them 4 numbers of buys held in last 3 months and 32 buys in last 12 months. Whereas 53 numbers of sells held in last 3 months and 201 sells over the past 12 months.

For the duration of last three months Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s total number of shares bought are 5,872 and sold 70,908 from a total of 76,780 traded shares. During last twelve months 1,178,864 number of shares bought and 1,017,710 sold from a total of 2,196,574 shares traded. A net activity of 65,036 took place in the course of three months, while 161,154 during last twelve months. Insider trading information is derived from Forms 3 and 4 filings are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended last trading session at the price of $40.07 whereas a number of traders indicating mean target price will hit $45.52 over the next twelve months, mean value of price target most recently revised on 11/30/16. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s highest estimates of price target are $55.00 and low forecast is $31.00 based on the opinion of 25 analysts. The price target estimates represents a standard deviation of 5.94. However brokerage recommendations suggests an ABR of 2.08 based on calls of 26 experts.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is expected to release the earnings of its current quarter on 2/7/17. The company is expected to release $0.21 EPS during current quarter according to 26 analysts whereas the company reported $0.13 EPS during same quarter a year ago. For the current quarter the stock has a lowest EPS estimates of $0.11 and high estimate of $0.26. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s average revenue estimates for the current quarter are $1.38B according to 18 number of analysts. However its lowest revenue estimates are $1.35B and highest revenue estimates are $1.41B. A year ago the company s sales were $1.27B. Its yearly sales growth estimates are 8.70%. Past 5 years growth of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) observed at -16.47%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company are expecting its growth at -0.58%. Ziyen Inc. is Qualified by the SEC Under Regulation A+  j2 Global, Inc.'s Ziff Davis Completes Acquisition of Everyday Health NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

j2 Global, Inc. (JCOM) and its subsidiary, Ziff Davis, LLC, today announced the completion of its acquisition of Everyday Health, Inc. (EVDY) ( Everyday Health ). Following the completion of its successful tender offer to purchase all outstanding Everyday Health shares for $10.50 per share in cash, Ziff Davis acquired all remaining Everyday Health shares through a merger under Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161205006253/en/

At the effective time of the merger, all remaining shares of Everyday Health common stock not tendered into the tender offer and not owned by Ziff Davis were converted into the right to receive $10.50 in cash, which is the same price that was paid in the tender offer. As a result of the transaction, Everyday Health has become a wholly owned subsidiary of Ziff Davis.

The transaction brings together two leading digital media companies with complementary visions and platforms to engage and monetize audiences. The combined company will be well-positioned to deliver compelling benefits to customers with content that connects, informs and empowers audiences. Ziff Davis maintains leading positions in the technology, gaming and men's lifestyle verticals with strong and well-established brands. Everyday Health adds a new vertical and set of market-leading trusted health properties to the portfolio while diversifying the company s audience mix.

Together, the two companies over the last twelve months generated $522 million of revenue. The combined company in September reached over 86 million individuals according to comScore, representing one-third of the US Internet population, with leading brands such as Everyday Health, WhatToExpect, IGN, PCMag and Speedtest.

 We are very pleased to add Everyday Health to our Ziff Davis portfolio and welcome Everyday Health s customers, team, partners, technology and business to j2,  said Hemi Zucker, chief executive officer of j2.

Vivek Shah, chief executive officer of Ziff Davis, commented,  The combination of our audiences, brands and employees at Everyday Health and Ziff Davis makes us an even more compelling and dynamic digital media company in the marketplace. Our scale, reach and capabilities across some of the most valued Internet verticals create a modern, powerful platform for our marketing partners. 

j2 Global and Ziff Davis invite the public, members of the press, the financial community, stockholders and other interested parties to listen to a live Webcast today at 5:00 p.m. ET to discuss this transaction. Materials presented during the Webcast will be posted on j2 s website at j2global.com in advance of the Webcast under the tab  Investors. 

Hemi Zucker, chief executive officer of j2; Scott Turicchi, president and chief financial officer of j2; and Vivek Shah, chief executive officer of Ziff Davis, will host the call.

What: j2 Global, Inc. and Ziff Davis, LLC Conference Call

When: 5 p.m. EST, December 5th, 2016

Where: www.j2global.com or dial in at 877-407-8029

Webcast link: http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/5iybzxu8

Information About Forward-Looking Statements

This document contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on j2 s estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning j2 s possible or assumed future results of operations and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   hopes  or similar expressions. j2 s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to the risk that the acquisition will not close when expected or at all; the risk that Ziff Davis  business and/or Everyday Health s business will be adversely impacted during the pendency of or following the acquisition and the risk that the operations of the two companies will not be integrated successfully. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect j2 s future operations, see Part II, Item 1A -  Risk Factors  of the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (if any) j2 has filed or will file hereafter and in Part I, Item 1A -  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (together, the  Risk Factors ), and the factors discussed in the sections in j2 s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q entitled  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. j2 undertakes no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. Readers should carefully review the Risk Factors and the risk factors set forth in other documents j2 files from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).

Read More Community Bank System Enters into Agreement to Acquire Northeast Retirement ... SYRACUSE, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Community Bank System, Inc. (CBU) announced today that is has entered into an agreement to acquire Northeast Retirement Services, Inc. ( NRS ), a leading provider of plan accounting, transfer agency, fund administration, trust and retirement plan services. Upon the closing of the transaction, NRS will become a subsidiary of Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. ( BPAS ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Community Bank System. The cash and stock transaction is valued at approximately $140 million and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, subject to certain shareholder and regulatory approvals. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161205005335/en/

BPAS is a national provider of employee benefit related services, including defined contribution, VEBA/HRA, actuarial and pension services, and collective investment fund and institutional trust services.

Founded in 1999, NRS is a privately held corporation based in Woburn, Massachusetts, focused on providing institutional transfer agency, master recordkeeping services, custom target date fund administration, trust product administration and customized reporting services to institutional clients. Its wholly-owned subsidiary, Global Trust Company ( GTC ), was chartered in the State of Maine in 2008, as a non-depository trust company which provides fiduciary services for collective investment trusts and other products.

The combination of NRS and BPAS will create an organization with over $80 million in annual revenue, over $50 billion in trust assets and 3,800 retirement and other employee benefit plan administration clients throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.

 We are very excited to be partnering with NRS, a respected and growing provider of customized institutional trust services,  said Community Bank System President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark E. Tryniski.  The transaction will strengthen and complement our existing BPAS businesses, and represents an attractive and balanced utilization of our strong currency and existing surplus capital. We are delighted to welcome the entire NRS team to the Community Bank System organization and look forward to the future of the combined company. We are also pleased that Thomas Forese, President and Chief Executive Officer of NRS, and the entirety of the current leadership team will continue in their capacities with NRS after the combination, as an operating subsidiary of BPAS. 

Thomas Forese, President and Chief Executive Officer of NRS commented,  Our Board of Directors and senior management team, in considering various strategic alternatives, placed great value on the compatibility of Community Bank System s culture, employees, strategy and leadership with those of NRS. The transaction also provides excellent value and liquidity for NRS shareholders. I am extremely proud of our organization and its legacy of customer service. We are pleased to be joining Community Bank System, which shares our passion of providing highly customized and integrated services to clients. NRS remains committed to supporting the evolving needs of existing and potential clients through flexible technology and consultative solutions out of our Woburn facility. We look forward to working closely with BPAS and the entire Community Bank System organization to complete the transaction. In short, this partnership is exciting news for our customers, employees, and shareholders. 

Under the terms of the agreement, shareholders of NRS will receive consideration of approximately $140 million, in the form of approximately $70 million of Community Bank System, Inc. common stock and $70 million in cash. Excluding acquisition-related expenses, it is expected that the impact of the transaction will be $0.04 accretive to Community Bank System s GAAP earnings per share in its first full year and approximately $0.05 accretive in its second year. Community Bank System anticipates that the transaction will be approximately $0.16 accretive to its cash earnings per share in the first full year, excluding acquisition-related expenses, and $0.17 accretive to cash EPS in its second year.

Read More Perk Inc. to be Acquired by RhythmOne PLC AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Perk Inc. (PER.TO) ( Perk  or  the Company ) is pleased to announce that it has entered into a definitive agreement (the  Agreement ) with RhythmOne PLC ( RhythmOne ) (LSE AIM: RTHM), pursuant to which RhythmOne has agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding Common and Class A Restricted voting shares of Perk (the  Perk Shares ) by way of plan of arrangement in an all-stock transaction (the  Transaction ) valued at approximately US$42.5 million.

 We are pleased to announce this transaction, which will deliver a significant premium for Perk shareholders and yield an investment in a larger-scale digital media company with enhanced stock liquidity,  commented Ted Hastings, Chief Executive Officer of Perk.  Founded in 2004, RhythmOne is a leader in the technology-enabled advertising market. RhythmOne s revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 was US$166.7 million. It has a strong, debt-free balance sheet, including over US$69 million in cash and marketable securities as at September 30, 2016. At Perk, we have built a large and engaged mobile audience and we have been evaluating options to accelerate growth and scale. We anticipate the combined operations will drive higher fill rates and CPM for Perk s advertising inventory over the long-term, which will be unique and highly complementary to RhythmOne s industry-leading programmatic trading platform. This transaction improves our overall scale of operations, advertiser reach, balance sheet and stock liquidity, while providing a material premium to Perk shareholders. We are confident in the synergies that will stem from this transaction, and we look forward to joining the RhythmOne team to continue our growth trajectory. 

Strategic Rationale

Premium to Perk Shareholders: Upon completion of the Acquisition and exercise of Perk s employee options, each Perk Share will be exchanged for 4.5116 RhythmOne shares. Using a CAD/GBP exchange rate of 1.6868 on 2 December 2016, the value of the consideration to be received by Perk shareholders based on RhythmOne s 30-day VWAP of  0.381 per share will be approximately C$2.90 per Perk Share, representing a premium of 11.5% to Perk s closing price of C$2.60 on 2 December 2016, and a premium of 43.6% to Perk s 30-day VWAP of C$2.02.

Upon completion of the Acquisition and exercise of Perk s employee options, each Perk Share will be exchanged for 4.5116 RhythmOne shares. Using a CAD/GBP exchange rate of 1.6868 on 2 December 2016, the value of the consideration to be received by Perk shareholders based on RhythmOne s 30-day VWAP of  0.381 per share will be approximately C$2.90 per Perk Share, representing a premium of 11.5% to Perk s closing price of C$2.60 on 2 December 2016, and a premium of 43.6% to Perk s 30-day VWAP of C$2.02. Greater Scale: Perk will benefit from additional scale through RhythmOne s established programmatic platform, RhythmMax. The Transaction will give Perk access to over 600 brands, 441 million global unique users and relationships with over 900 professional publishers.

Perk will benefit from additional scale through RhythmOne s established programmatic platform, RhythmMax. The Transaction will give Perk access to over 600 brands, 441 million global unique users and relationships with over 900 professional publishers. Improved Competitive Positioning: The Transaction improves the competitiveness of both companies on the supply and demand side. Perk s highly engaged and verifiable audience will attract new and repeat demand partners to RhythmOne s platform, driving higher fill rates and pricing for both companies.

The Transaction improves the competitiveness of both companies on the supply and demand side. Perk s highly engaged and verifiable audience will attract new and repeat demand partners to RhythmOne s platform, driving higher fill rates and pricing for both companies. Revenue and Cost Synergies: The complementary product offerings of Perk and RhythmOne are expected to enhance the combined company s ability to further penetrate its core target market and enable the delivery of an enhanced digital advertising platform. The Transaction creates a company with a more diversified customer base, higher quality revenue and EBITDA and significant opportunities for revenue and cost synergies.

The complementary product offerings of Perk and RhythmOne are expected to enhance the combined company s ability to further penetrate its core target market and enable the delivery of an enhanced digital advertising platform. The Transaction creates a company with a more diversified customer base, higher quality revenue and EBITDA and significant opportunities for revenue and cost synergies. Greater Liquidity Profile for Shareholders: Upon completion of the Transaction, Perk Shareholders will benefit from RhythmOne s improved liquidity profile on the London Stock Exchange s Alternative Investment Market.

Upon completion of the Transaction, Perk Shareholders will benefit from RhythmOne s improved liquidity profile on the London Stock Exchange s Alternative Investment Market. Expanded Leadership Team: Ted Hastings, Perk s Chief Executive Officer, together with Perk s senior management team will join RhythmOne upon completion of the Transaction. Perk s long track record of success in building, managing and profitably scaling B2C web properties and apps will directly complement RhythmOne s expertise in building and managing B2B Ad Tech businesses, while also providing scale and infrastructure to help accelerate growth.

The Board of Directors of Perk and RhythmOne have unanimously approved the Transaction and have determined that the Transaction is in the best interest of the respective companies.

Transaction Details

Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, holders of Perk Shares will be entitled to receive 4.5116 RhythmOne common shares for each Perk Share held. Based on RhythmOne s 30-day VWAP of  0.381 per share as of December 2, 2016, the Transaction is valued at approximately US$42.5 million. This represents a consideration of C$2.90 per Perk Share and a premium of 11.5% to Perk s closing price on December 2, 2016, and a premium of 43.6% to Perk s 30-day VWAP ending on December 2, 2016. Upon completion of the Transaction, Perk will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of RhythmOne.

The Agreement provides that Perk may consider and accept unsolicited superior proposals, subject to a termination fee payable to RhythmOne and a right for RhythmOne to match any superior proposals.

Perk s Board of Directors and senior management, and AVG Ventures, LP, representing, in aggregate, approximately 39% of outstanding Perk Shares, have entered into customary voting and support agreements, pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their Perk Shares in favor of the Transaction.

The Transaction will be conducted by way of plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and will require the approval of no less than 66 2/3% of the votes cast at a special meeting of Perk securityholders that is expected to be held in mid-January 2017. In addition to the approval of Perk securityholders, closing of the Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions customary for transactions of this nature. RhythmOne shareholders have preauthorized the issuance of the required shares needed to complete the Transaction.

Additional details of the Transaction will be provided to Perk securityholders in an information circular to be mailed in mid-December, 2016.

Financial and Legal Advisors

Beacon Securities Limited is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Perk and has provided an opinion to Perk s Board of Directors to the effect that, as of December 4, 2016 and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the consideration to be received by Perk shareholders pursuant to the Transaction is fair, from a financial point of view, to such Perk shareholders. Torys LLP is acting as legal counsel for Perk in connection with the Transaction.

Read More 
2016-04-10
Google Should Be Allowed To Buy Yahoo I've mentioned here before that I think that the US has its position on antitrust, anti-monopoly law wrong and that this could use changing. The current shopping around of Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core business underlines this point. For the people who would do most to improve the business in terms of economic efficiency, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (or have we all started calling them Alphabet yet?) are precisely the people that antitrust law is likely to ban from doing so.

This points up our conflict within this system of regulation: we don't like monopoly because of the inefficiencies that result, but here we're not going to allow efficiency by not allowing monopoly. We need to square this circle somehow. The way to do that is by changing the antitrust rules.

It's a standard criticism of monopolies that they use that market power to gouge consumers. Here, in internet advertising, the consumers are the people who are buying the ads of course, a nice example of the Nobel Laureate Jean Tirole's work on dual sided markets, that other side being the provision of the content which brings the eyeballs the advertisers are paying to show stuff to. So, if we allow that market of selling ads to become too concentrated we think that advertisers might get ripped off.

All of which is entirely fine but the issue here is a little more complex. Because we can see that one likely bidder, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) would indeed be bringing economic efficiency to the table:

Any buyer, including a private equity firm, could cut about 1,000 jobs -- on top of the 1,600 Yahoo has pledged to eliminate by year's end -- and reap savings that add about $750 million to the core's value, Peck said. A company such as Verizon that's in the Internet and telecommunications business and already has staffing and infrastructure for functions such as management, administration and sales could slash around 40 percent of the workforce, adding about $2 billion in value to the core, Peck said.

Being able to produce the same output with fewer people is exactly the very definition of economic efficiency. And we like economic efficiency and so allow them to bid. But what holds for Verizon holds even more strongly for Google:

The same could be true of Google, which Bloomberg said is mulling a bid. Imagine if Google took its substantial ad prowess and applied it to Yahoo's content and audience, eliminating a lesser rival in the process. But for those precise reasons, Google would likely face stiff scrutiny from antitrust regulators who have eyed the company suspiciously in the past, said Kimmelman. "That's a huge antitrust issue," he said. "There would be an enormous red flag."

And there's our problem. We can see the combination of Yahoo's internet properties with Google's advertising prowess would be hugely economically efficient. Given that that is so we would also therefore expect Google to be the highest bidder: at least some of those efficiency gains would go to current Yahoo shareholders, which we generally think to be a good thing.

But that's also the one bidder most likely to be blocked on those competition and antitrust grounds. And the two companies have been barred from even cooperating before now, let alone one owning the other.

All of which leads to the same point I made in that earlier article. Which is that we should be changing our definitions of monopoly. Currently we simply look at market shares. If they're high we shout monopoly and do something about it. But we almost certainly shouldn't be doing that. For what should concern us is not market share or position, but the ability to exploit that. That is, we shouldn't be measuring the action or no action decision by market share, but by how contestable said market share is. That is, not are there competitors today, but would competitors arise if that market share, that monopoly, was being exploited?

The answer here is that in internet advertising there's more potential competition than anyone could shake a stick at. If Google starts ripping off advertisers there will very soon be people stealing that advertising from them. There's no shortage of capital out there for new such businesses. And there's no shortage of companies that would love to get their fangs into Google's hide. Thus, we should conclude (and I certainly do) that if Google were to try to exploit its market position then competition would arise. That is, whatever Google's position it is contestable.

And thus Google should be allowed to bid for Yahoo. In terms of actually trading on this I doubt very much that my analysis is going to change US law. Thus I expect Google to be barred (to the point that they might not bother to bid at all) leaving Verizon as my most likely candidate for the winner. Good for Verizon stock and bad for Yahoo for I would expect Google, if it were allowed to bid, to offer rather more simply because it would gain more economic efficiency.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Former NFL player Will Smith killed in road rage shooting  
2016-06-08
Investor Asks Yahoo Board to Take Action Over COO's Firing Bloomberg BNA s Corporate Law & Accountability Report is available on the Corporate Law Resource Center. This news service keeps corporate practitioners informed of legal developments of...

By Michael Greene

June 6   An investor is demanding that Yahoo! Inc.'s board take action over what it alleges are improper circumstances surrounding the firing of former Chief Operating Officer Henrique de Castro ( Yahoo! Inc. v. Amalgamated Bank , Del., No. 83, 2016, stipulation and order of dismissal filed 6/6/16 ).

According to a June 6 joint filing by the parties, Amalgamated Bank is no longer seeking to enforce a Delaware Chancery Court order in February requiring Yahoo officials to turn over internal documents related to the termination. Instead, the bank said it will ask Yahoo's board to investigate or take legal action over the matter.

 Given the recent events including the addition of nine new Board Directors as well as the possible sale of the company we have decided to drop our [inspection] demand and instead proceed with a demand on the Yahoo! Board to investigate and hold certain current and former officers and directors responsible for the compensation and severance paid to the former COO,  Lance D. Cassak, senior vice president and deputy general counsel at Amalgamated Bank, told Bloomberg BNA in an e-mail.  Ultimately, this is about ensuring transparency and protecting shareholder rights and we plan to hold Yahoo! Inc. leadership accountable for their decisions. 

It is unclear at this point what action Amalgamated could take should Yahoo's board decide not to press the issue.

According to the filing, the parties also are watching a separate action  Buch v. Filo (Docket No. 10933) in which the chancery court recently lifted a stay on a shareholder lawsuit alleging that Yahoo's board breached its fiduciary duties over de Castro's firing.

A Yahoo representative didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.

Appeal Dismissed

In a Feb. 2 ruling, Vice Chancellor J. Travis Laster said that Amalgamated, the largest majority union-owned bank in the U.S., had a  credible basis  for wanting to review de Castro's ouster which occurred after only 14 months on the job and triggered nearly $60 million in severance payments (22 CARE, 2/3/16).

The court's order required Yahoo to produce internal documents, including e-mails from its outside directors' personal accounts. The company appealed, arguing that the e-mails couldn't be subjected to an inspection under Delaware law.

Amalgamated cross-appealed, asking the Delaware Supreme Court to review a portion of the lower court's decision a ruling of first impression that subjected the shareholder to a condition under which it could only inspect the documents if it agreed to incorporate the materials in any derivative complaint it later filed.

The parties' June 6 filing ends both Yahoo and Amalgamated's cross-appeals.

To contact the reporter on this story: Michael Greene in Washington at mgreene@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Yin Wilczek at ywilczek@bna.com Twitter Inc Has More To Be Worried About Than Account Hacks (TWTR) Twitter Inc ( TWTR ) accounts have had three high-profile hacks recently, raising questions about whether it is the fault of the social media platform or of users.

However, former Shopkick CEO Cyriac Roeding thinks password security is the least of Twitter s worries right now.

Things Not Looking Good for Twitter

On Tuesday in an interview with CNBC s Power Lunch, Roeding said,  Currently the world does not look very good for Twitter. There s a lot more that has to happen at Twitter to put it back on track. 

Twitter is not different than most websites where manual password systems are outdated and old-fashioned, said Roeding. This week, Facebook Inc ( FB ) CEO Mark Zuckerberg s Twitter and Pinterest accounts were hacked. As per reports, Zuckerberg used the password  dadada,  which according to Roeding, proves that the CEO does not take himself very seriously.

Roeding was more focused on the recent executive exits at Twitter On Tuesday, Re/code reported that Jeff Seibert will no longer run the company s product team. Seibert took over the core product team in September. Roeding notes that the departures are stoking rumors that the company could be bought in the coming year.

Roeding said people are waiting for updates to core products to make the site more user-friendly and more usable.

 We have yet to see a massive change there,  the tech investor said.  Some people are now talking about it being bought in the next year or so. 

Twitter May End Up Like Yahoo

Twitter is not the only Silicon Valley company to be rumored to be heading for a buyout. According to reports, Yahoo! Inc ( YHOO ), which once had a price tag of $45 billion, is now being shopped for $3 billion. Roeding said most of the value is in the company s Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes and not in its core business, but he added that the $3 billion valuation is really too low.

 And, Twitter will have the same issue,  Roeding said.  You see all these companies that seem to be highly valued until they actually have to be bought by someone and then the world looks very, very different. 

In 2016, the IPO market has slowed significantly. Citing data from Renaissance Capital, Barron s reported that 31 companies have gone public in the U.S. so far this year, which is far fewer than the 69 that had their IPOs in the first five months of 2015 and the 115 in the first five months of 2014.

Roeding said public markets have been more difficult than the private ones, and if Yahoo goes for $3 billion, it won t surprise Silicon Valley.

More From InvestorPlace Yahoo hires Black Stone IP to sell about 3k patents- CNBC, citing DJ  
2016-04-24
Who Is Helping Who in the Battle for Yahoo! Who Is Helping Who in the Battle for Yahoo!

-- This article was written by David Marcus of The Deal

As the bidding for Yahoo! (YHOO) becomes more frenzied, advisors will likely play key roles given the complexity of the company's holdings and the multiple ways of splitting them up.

Law firms and banks are tight-lipped on whether they are working for various bidders, but recent history offers clues about who may have landed assignments.

The most information about advisors involves Yahoo! itself. On Feb. 19, the company issued a press release in which it said that Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), PJT Partners (PJT) and law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP are advising a strategic review committee of the Yahoo! board about potential alternatives. Goldman declined to identify its bankers on the matter, though the firm's Andrew Gordon and Jon Woodruff advised Yahoo! when it fended off a $45 billion hostile bid from Microsoft (MSFT) in 2008. Woodruff has since retired, but Gordon now chairs the investment banking division at Goldman. Paul Taubman, from whose initials PJT Partners takes its name and its ticker symbol, advised Microsoft on its offer when he was at Morgan Stanley (MS).

Sources said at Cravath partner Faiza Saeed is counseling the committee set up by the Yahoo! board, but the law firm wouldn't confirm it.

According to sources familiar with the situation, Yahoo! itself is using Larry Sonsini, a name partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati PC in Palo Alto and one of Silicon Valley's top lawyers since the 1970s.

Yahoo! has relied on several other firms for corporate advice over the years, especially Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, its counsel on the Microsoft bid as well as the sale of half of its then-40% stake in Alibaba Group (BABA) back to the Chinese online marketplace in 2012 and last year's attempt to spin out the rest of the Alibaba stake to Yahoo! stockholders, a plan scuttled because of its perceived tax risk. Yahoo!'s 15.5% stake in Alibaba is worth about $31 billion, and Skadden's familiarity with the structure could be critical to a sale of Yahoo.

Skadden's Marc Packer and Michael Hoffman, who worked on the potential Alibaba spinoff, are still advising Yahoo.

William Anderson, a banker at Evercore Partners (EVR), is advising Yahoo on a possible proxy fight launched by Starboard Value LP, according to a source close to the situation. An Evercore representative declined comment.

The activist hedge fund, meanwhile, is using Steve Wolosky and Andrew Freeman of Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP in New York as its regular counsel, according to an Olshan Frome representative.

Alibaba used several law firms on the 2012 deal, while major stockholder SoftBank Group (SFTBF), an early investor in Alibaba and still a major holder, tapped a Morrison & Foerster LLP team led by Kenneth Siegel in Tokyo. MoFo is the long-time law firm to Softbank, which also owns a large stake in Yahoo! Japan. Yahoo! owns a 35.5% stake worth roughly $10 billion. MoFo also represented Softbank on Alibaba's IPO, and partners Robert Townsend and Siegel are working for SoftBank and Yahoo! Japan on the current situation, a MoFo spokesman confirmed.

That leaves the various bidders for Yahoo, a large and hazily defined group. The leader seems to be Verizon Communications (VZ), which is reportedly using Guggenheim Partners LLC, LionTree LLC and Allen & Co. for banking advice on its bid.

LionTree's Aryeh Bourkoff and Ehren Stenzler teamed with a Guggenheim group led by Alan Schwartz and H. Andrew Decker to represent Verizon on its $4.4 billion purchase of AOL (AOL) last year. LionTree has also advised Verizon on media technology investments such as the purchase of a 24.5% stake in AwesomenessTV from DreamWorks Animation (DWA), which valued the online video group at $650 million, and the 2013 purchase of content delivery network EdgeCast Networks for a reported $350 million. Guggenheim was one of Verizon's banks on the $10.54 billion purchase of wireline operations from Frontier Communications (FTR), which closed in April.

On the AOL deal, Verizon used a Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP team led by Frederick Greenand Randi Singer. Verizon has also frequently turned to Jeff Rosen at Debevoise & Plimpton LLP over the years, and he and Debevoise's Michael Diz represented the company on its $1.8 billlion agreement to buy XO Communications' fiber-optic network business earlier this year.

With several strategic bidders, including Time Inc. (TIME) and Alphabet (GOOGL) reportedly bowing out, another potential one, the U.K.'s Daily Mail & General Trust, has confirmed an interest in Yahoo! but just this week said it hadn't made a bid and is in discussions with parties that might be interested in making one.

Certainly, among the parties Daily Mail might consider hitching its wagon to would probably be private equity shops, and a few are reportedly interested in Yahoo!.

TPG Capital LP has made a number of media and technology investments in recent years, deals on which it has often turned to Paul Shim, a partner at Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP in New York. He advised TPG on its $90 million investment in Uber in 2013; its $525 million acquisition of Primedia from KKR & Co. (KKR) in 2011; its purchase of a 35% stake in Creative Artists Agency in 2010 and of another 18% four years later; and its acquisition, side by side with Riverwood Capital, of a controlling stake in Aptina Imaging from Micron Technology (MU) Shim also advised Nortel Networks on the $4.5 billion sale of its patent portfolio in 2011, one of the most frenzied tech auctions of the last several years.

Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners are reportedly teaming up on a bid. Vista is very close to Kirkland & Ellis LLP; chief legal officer David Breach is a Kirkland alumnus, and Daniel Wolf, a K&E partner based in New York, advised Vista earlier this month on its $1.65 billion agreement to buy Cvent (CVT). Breach and K&E's Sarkis Jebejian advised Vista on its 2014 acquisition of Tibco. The firm's Stuart Casillas also does a significant amount of M&A work for Vista.

Bain also uses K&E, whose partner Jon Ballis represented the Boston PE firm earlier this year on its $1.28 billion agreement to sell Physio-Control to Stryker (SYK) and in 2015 on the $2 billion sale of portfolio company Air Medical Holdings Group to KKR. But Bain is close to Ropes & Gray LLP, as well, with Ropes partner Will Shields advising Bain on its $2.4 billion acquisition of Blue Coat Systems last year and colleague Alfred Rose advising the financial sponsor on the $1.8 billion sale of Applied Systems to Hellman & Friedman LLC in 2014.

-- This article was originally published by The Deal, a sister publication of TheStreet that offers sophisticated insight and analysis on all types of deals, from inception to integration. Click here for a free trial. 
2016-07-21
Silicon Valley's Yahoo diaspora mourns company's decline Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer delivers her keynote address at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada in this January 7, 2014, file photo. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/Files

SAN FRANCISCO Former Yahoo executive Dan Rosensweig has not worked at the pioneering internet company in nearly a decade.

But last week, as Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) prepared to sell its core internet business, he was sporting a Yahoo T-shirt and, in an interview, reveled in memories of the company's heyday, along with the deep impact its alumni had - and still have - in shaping Silicon Valley.

He recalled a workforce that believed "they were doing something that mattered: bringing people information," said Rosensweig, the company's chief operating officer from 2002 until 2007. "I hire as many ex-Yahoos as I can, because I know their commitment, their talent."

Rosensweig - now CEO of the online education company Chegg Inc (CHGG.N) - is one of scores of executives around Silicon Valley who still "bleed purple," as many Yahoo alums put it, despite the company's more recent instability and decline.

In the formative years of the web, Yahoo was the biggest, richest internet upstart in Silicon Valley, and it incubated a generation of executives. Now, as a sale and possible dismemberment of the company looms, a wave of sorrow and nostalgia is reverberating through the Yahoo diaspora.

"People are sad," said Change.org President Jennifer Dulski, who left Yahoo in 2007 after nearly a decade. "Until it really is over, a lot of us believe there will be a chance for resurgence."

She compared the emotions surrounding the auction to "when your parents sell your childhood home."

Launched in 1994 by two Stanford graduate students, Jerry Yang and David Filo, Yahoo in its early years was the destination of choice for many making their first forays into the world wide web. The company soared, and then crashed in the first dot-com bubble - and then emerged from the rubble as one of the few internet companies with substantial revenues and profits.

The peak came in the mid-2000s, many former executives say, with advertisers desperate for a presence in the new online medium filling the company's coffers. But even then, Google (GOOGL.O) was busily undermining Yahoo's core business - helping people find things on the internet.

By 2008, Yahoo was fending off a contentious takeover bid from Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and struggling to define its mission. That core question was never really answered, leading to years of management instability and shifting priorities.

Google, Facebook Inc (FB.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and a host of new companies, meanwhile, claimed much of the territory that might have been Yahoo's.

The auction of the company's core assets - which has drawn bids from Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), AT&T Inc (T.N) and others and is expected to conclude by the end of the month - is likely to value them at about a hundredth of what Google-parent Alphabet Inc is worth. The auction does not include Yahoo's valuable stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.K), the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut, and Yahoo Japan Corp (4689.T).

THE ALUMNI NETWORK

Some of the 23 former Yahoo executives interviewed by Reuters carry other emotions, including frustration with all the missed opportunities, and anger over the management dysfunction that has plagued the company for a decade.

Still, many former employees remember the Yahoo of a certain era as a special place, pointing to a youthful energy, a culture of learning and the excitement of being on the front lines of the internet revolution.

"Working at Yahoo for people who were young in their career was like going to a large research university," said Dan Finnigan, a former senior vice president of Yahoo and now president and CEO of Jobvite. "People who started in media went into sales, people who started in sales went into recruiting, people went from engineering to product. It was highly encouraged."

Luanne Calvert, chief marketing officer at Virgin America Inc VA.O, was at Yahoo from 1999 to 2002. She credits the experience with making her career.

"It was pretty amazing that you could kind of create your own job" at Yahoo, as she did. "I became the queen bee of buzz marketing ... It changed my life in terms of (experience that was) really relevant to the future of marketing."

Many ex-Yahoos are quick to acknowledge that the company eventually lost focus as it grew big and bureaucratic, and came to be dominated internally by endless meetings and powerpoint presentations.

By 2010, said Shashi Seth, who arrived that year as a senior vice president, "people just looked at Yahoo as a job. It wasn't their passion."

Still, even today, the eagerness of ex-Yahoos to work with one another is undiminished. A Meetup group, at least two Facebook groups, a smartphone app called "xY!z Network" and a LinkedIn group with more than 15,000 members tie the ex-Yahoos together. For some, connections with fellow Yahoo alumni turned into lasting business relationships.

Slack, the red-hot business messaging upstart, was founded by Flickr creator and former Yahoo executive Stewart Butterfield, and financed by former vice president of Yahoo search Andrew Braccia, who is now a general partner at venture capital firm Accel.

Accel has also invested in Cloudera, co-founded by former Yahoo engineering VP Amr Awadallah.

Ann Crady Weiss, a former director of business development at Yahoo and co-founder of nursery products company Hatch Baby, said the majority of financing she's received since leaving Yahoo and starting two businesses "came either directly from a Yahoo person or one degree of separation from a Yahoo person."

"For me, that alumni network and those referrals set me on a path for success," she said. "Yahoo was critical to my future."

Rob Solomon, former Yahoo senior vice president of commerce and current GoFundMe CEO, last year published a list of several dozen former Yahoo executives who moved on to become Silicon Valley power players. Some of its other illustrious members include LinkedIn Corp LNKD.N CEO Jeff Weiner, WhatsApp co-founders Jan Koum and Brian Acton, and the late SurveyMonkey CEO Dave Goldberg.

The power and reach of the Yahoo diaspora, Solomon said, helps dull the pain of the company's decline.

"We know each other, we trust each other," he said. "We've been through a lot together and will all help each other out."

(Reporting by Deborah M. Todd and Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Jonathan Weber) The End of Legacy Yahoo Messenger: The Bunker Industry Says It's Moving to Skype The End of Legacy Yahoo Messenger: The Bunker Industry Says It's Moving to Skype

Skype looks to be the new messenger of choice for the bunker industry.

Skype is winning the battle to replace Yahoo as the messenger of choice within the bunker industry.

As Ship & Bunker previously reported, from August 5, 2016, Yahoo Inc. (Yahoo) will no longer support the "legacy" Yahoo Messenger (YM) platform in use across the industry today.

In a Ship & Bunker poll responded to by over 550 readers from around the globe, Skype was the most popular choice with 37 percent of the vote.

Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (Aegean), Energy Petrol, Adani Bunkering, and Curoil are among several bunker companies that have told Ship & Bunker they have chosen to switch to Skype as their primary messaging app.

While most look like they will be using at least Skype, the reality stressed by most players is that, depending on their client's needs, it will be important for them to support a number of other messaging systems.

QQ Messenger, for instance, will continue to see usage in the Asia markets.

  the reality stressed by most players is that it will be important to also support a number of other messaging systems depending on their client's needs

"However customers want to communicate with us, we will accommodate as they are our priority," Peninsula Petroleum told Ship & Bunker, while KPI Bridge Oil said it had already been using Skype across its group "for some time" in conjunction with Yahoo and other platforms, and would continue to do so.

Ship & Bunker's poll saw WhatsApp attract 30 percent of the vote, with Oilchart UK and Endofa among those who noted they were using the app alongside Skype and others.

One South Asia supplier said that on a mobile platform, WhatsApp was much more reliable for them compared to Skype.

Peninsula Petroleum and Ocean Connect Marine (OCM) were among a smaller number of players who said they will be supporting ICE Instant Messaging (ICE IM), and in the case of OCM, its parent Glencore recently announced it was choosing ICE IM for its primary messaging service.

"I think we will see some separation of the bunker guys with the commodity houses," one Ship & Bunker source suggested. 
2016-08-24
Apple, McDonald's, Yahoo: 5 Stocks Hedge Funds Were Getting Rid of During Q2 One of our many regular quarterly features at Insider Monkey is to present a series of articles detailing groups of stocks which saw large increases or decreases in the hedge fund ownership of their shares during a period of time. In addition to articles focused on breaking down stocks by market cap or sector, we also do articles that include all stocks and the absolute biggest sentiment shifts among hedge funds. We ve already covered the five stocks that hedge funds were buying the most during the second quarter, so in this feature we ll examine five stocks at the opposite end of the sentiment spectrum, the stocks hedge funds most sold out of.

First, let s take a glance back at the stocks which hedge funds fled during the first quarter and see how they performed during the second quarter. Those stocks were Citizens Financial Group Inc (NYSE:CFG), eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY), EOG Resources Inc (NYSE:EOG), General Motors Company (NYSE:GM), and Sunedison Inc (OTCMKTS:SUNEQ). Only one of those stocks, EOG, posted gains during the second quarter (of 14.94%), while the other four were all down. SunEdison fared the worst, losing 42.47% before trading of the company s shares was suspended after April 21. All told, the five stocks delivered losses of 8.80% on average during the quarter, so it appears that the hedge fund sentiment was useful in locating stocks poised for underperformance.

With that in mind, let s take a look at a new list of five stocks that hedge funds were fleeing during the most recent quarter. They are Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), McDonald s Corporation (NYSE:MCD), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Allergan PLC (NYSE:AGN).

Through extensive research that covered the portfolios of several hundred large investors between 1999 and 2012, we determined that following the small-cap stocks that large money managers are collectively bullish on, can generate monthly returns nearly 1.0 percentage points above the market (see the details here).

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

  Number of Hedge Funds With Long Positions (as of June 30): 81

  Aggregate Value of Hedge Funds  Holdings (as of June 30): $6.77 billion

First up is Yahoo, the hedge fund ownership of which slid to 81 from 97 quarter-over-quarter among the funds in our database. Brian Taylor s Pine River Capital, James Dondero s Highland Capital, and Howard Marks  Oaktree Capital were among the many hedge funds that sold off their Yahoo positions during the quarter.

It s somewhat surprising to see the smart money run from Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) in the second quarter given its efforts to sell its core business, providing potential value to investors as both an Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) tracking stock of sorts, in addition to the potential benefits of the divestiture of Yahoo s core business (which ended up being sold to Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) at the end of July). Yahoo s shares have gained over 13% in the third quarter thanks to a similar run-up in Alibaba s stock.

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

McDonald s Corporation (NYSE:MCD)

  Number of Hedge Funds With Long Positions (as of June 30): 63

  Aggregate Value of Hedge Funds  Holdings (as of June 30): $3.03 billion

McDonald s was held in the portfolios of 63 hedge funds in our system on June 30, down from 83 a quarter earlier. A few investors who weren t  lovin  it  (it being McDonald s stock, which they sold off) during the second quarter were Jacob Gottlieb s Visium Asset Management, John Burbank s Passport Capital, and Clint Carlson s Carlson Capital.

With McDonald s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) pushing all-time highs, it s less surprising to see hedge funds grow cautious of the fast-food giant s valuation. Its trailing P/E has ballooned to 23, from a three-year average of just 17 in the years prior to 2015, and revenue is falling. And while McDonald s has considerably hiked its dividend in recent years, it s done so by racking up mounds of debt where there was previously little. On the plus side, McDonald s Corporation s profitability should improve in the years to come as it continues the process of refranchising the majority of its restaurants.

Follow Mcdonalds Corp (NYSE:MCD) Follow Mcdonalds Corp (NYSE:MCD) Trade (NYSE:MCD) Now!

Three more stocks that lost loads of smart money support during the second quarter are discussed on the next page. 
2016-03-24
CBJ Afternoon Buzz: Playboy possibly up for grabs; investor seeking Yahoo ...  NFL draft profile: Alabama DL A'Shawn Robinson, a true brute force  Playboy Hangs Up the  For Sale  Sign Hugh Hefner s media empire Playboy Enterprises Inc. is considering a sale for as much as $500 million, The Wall Street Journal reports. Eighty-nine-year-old Hefner, the magazine s founder and editor-in-chief, owns a third of the company. Last year, Playboy generated $38 million in revenue from media, and another $55 million from licensing its brand, according to the Journal. Five years ago, Playboy went private in a deal valuing the company at $207 million.

In October, Playboy changed its image and began to focus more on its digital presence, and in February published its last issue featuring fully nude pictures of women.  That battle has been fought and won,  Playboy C.E.O. Scott Flanders told The New York Times at the time.  You re now one click away from every sex act imaginable for free. And so it s just pass  at this juncture.  Playboy also has recently been playing up its licensing business, and has found success abroad. Despite the pivot, Playboy s numbers are still down the magazine currently has around 800,000 subscribers, according to the Journal, a fraction of its peak circulation of 5.6 million in 1975.

But it s not just Playboy recent months haven t been kind to the media industry as a whole, which is seeing consolidation left and right. Last month, Yahoo folded several of its digital magazines including Yahoo Tech, Yahoo Food, Yahoo Auto, Yahoo Real Estate, and Yahoo Health. Time Inc., whose stock has struggled over the past year, was hit with layoffs in January. Last fall, The Philadelphia Inquirer, National Geographic, the Los Angeles Times, the New York Daily News, and The Boston Globe all downsized, too.

Aside from its publication assets, Playboy also owns the five-acre Playboy Mansion, which went up for sale for $200 million in January with the stipulation that if the 29-room mansion sold, Hefner would be able to live the rest of his days there. The sale of the historic Holmby Hills mansion prompted bidders to inquire about the whole company being up for sale, according to the Journal. (Investment bank Moelis & Co. is advising Playboy on the sale.) If Playboy successfully finds a buyer, the lucky new owner could walk away not just with Playboy s licensing rights and its media properties, but potentially with the mansion, too. These are the biggest names in bitcoin and blockchain tech  
2016-11-11
Yahoo had evidence of security breach 18 months before it began investigating Yahoo Inc. detected evidence that a hacker had broken into its computer network at least 18 months before launching an investigation that discovered personal information had been stolen from about 500 million user accounts.

The timeline outlined in a regulatory filing raises further questions about why it took Yahoo so long to realize the severity of its security breakdown. It also could provide Verizon Communications Inc. with reason to revise or terminate its $4.8-billion deal to buy Yahoo's online services.

Yahoo disclosed the size of the breach seven weeks ago. At that time, Yahoo traced its findings to an inquiry opened in late July, around the same time Verizon announced its agreement to buy Yahoo's email service, digital advertising tools and sections devoted to news, sports, finance and entertainment.

Verizon says it wasn't informed of the hacking attack until a few days before Yahoo told its users in late September.

In its regulatory filing late Wednesday, Yahoo acknowledged that the company first became aware of the hack in late 2014. The Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company said its board is now investigating how much was known in 2014.

Verizon declined to comment on Yahoo's latest disclosure. The company's executives have previously said Verizon is reevaluating its deal with Yahoo because the breach could alienate a large swath of users who may rely on Yahoo's email and other services less frequently in order to protect their privacy. If there is a user backlash, Yahoo's services wouldn't be worth as much to Verizon, which is counting on a large audience to sell more digital advertising.

Yahoo has sought to reassure its users that the hacker no longer has access to its computers. The company also has prompted users to change their passwords and security questions to protect their accounts.

In its regulatory filing, Yahoo also revealed that the hacker created computer coding known as  cookies  that would enable someone to view information in user accounts without the need for a password. The company also said it will analyze information turned over by the FBI from a hacker claiming it came from Yahoo accounts.

ALSO

Trump wants to replace Obamacare. But it's not that simple.

What would a recreational marijuana market in California look like?

People line up to buy Snapchat Spectacles, available only in pop-up vending machines How Are Billionaire David Einhorn's Investments in Apple Inc. (AAPL), Yahoo ... Are Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX), Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (NYSE:KORS), and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stocks that you should be bullish on? One investor that clearly thinks so is David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital, which amassed large positions in these companies, among others. Since following some of the most skilled stock-pickers can be a good strategy to outperform the market, let s take a closer look at these four companies and assess both Greenlight Capital s investments in them and the general smart money sentiment towards them.

Before we get to that, we should mention that Greenlight is one of the best-performing hedge funds, which returned 7.8% in the first nine months of 2016 and 3.4% (net of fees and expenses) in the third quarter. According to our calculations, Greenlight s 39 long positions in companies worth at least $1.0 billion posted a weighted average return of 11.39% during the July-September period. Heading into the last quarter, Greenlight held an equity portfolio worth $5.45 billion, which was diversified across various sectors, with consumer discretionary, technology, and industrial stocks amassing the largest shares.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) represented Greenlight Capital s largest holding at the end of June, as the fund reported a $655.31 million position containing 6.85 million shares (down by 16% over the quarter). The investment paid off big time in the following three months, as shares of Apple advanced by 18.9%. Overall, there were 116 funds tracked by Insider Monkey that held long positions in the company at the end of June, down by 24% over the quarter. More specifically, Berkshire Hathaway was the largest chareholder of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), with a stake worth $1.46 billion reported as of the end of June. Trailing Berkshire Hathaway was Fisher Asset Management, which amassed a stake valued at $1.10 billion. Adage Capital Management, Greenlight Capital, and Soroban Capital Partners also held valuable positions in the company.

Follow Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Follow Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Trade (NASDAQ:AAPL) Now!

Another profitable investment of Greenlight Capital was CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX), in which the fund trimmed its stake by 25% to 22.0 million shares worth $353.98 million during the second quarter. During the third quarter, shares of CONSOL Energy advanced by 19.3%. A total of 34 funds from our database were bullish on this company at the end of June, with Southeastern Asset Management holding the most valuable stake in CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX), which was worth $797.1 million. Moreover, East Side Capital (RR Partners), Blue Ridge Capital, and Arrowstreet Capital were also bullish on CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX).

Follow Consol Energy Inc Follow Consol Energy Inc Trade (CNX) Now!

Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (NYSE:KORS) s stock inched down by 5.4% during the third quarter, while Greenlight Capital had entered the quarter with a $239.24 million stake containing 4.84 million shares. Even though Greenlight cut its stake in the company by 28% between April and June, it still was the largest shareholder among the 29 funds from our database that held shares of Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (NYSE:KORS). Greenlight was trailed by AQR Capital Management with a $130.7 million position. Other investors bullish on the company included Point72 Asset Management, Scopus Asset Management, and Renaissance Technologies.

Follow Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (NYSE:KORS) Follow Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (NYSE:KORS) Trade (NYSE:KORS) Now!

Last but not least, in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Greenlight owned 4.41 million shares valued at $165.57 million at the end of June. In the following quarter, the fund saw the stock appreciate by 14.7%. Between June and September, the number of funds from our database long Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) declined by 16% sequentially to 81. Joshua Friedman and Mitchell Julis s Canyon Capital Advisors amassed the biggest position, which was worth $697.6 million and it was followed by Owl Creek Asset Management, led by Jeffrey Altman, holding a $569.2 million position. Remaining hedge funds and institutional investors that hold long positions contain Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value LP, David Cohen and Harold Levy s Iridian Asset Management and Sander Gerber s Hudson Bay Capital Management.

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

Disclosure: none Yahoo! Commuting Coop Living Wall Yahoo! is committed to being an environmentally responsible company, and the addition of a G-O2  Living Wall is just one leafy example. With the Internet accessible by over 40% of the world's population, such a demand for Internet services requires expanded infrastructure and installation of more computing and data storage capability with low power consumption.



Completed in 2015, Yahoo!'s newest data center, a 155,000 square foot facility in Lockport, NY, uses 40% less energy and 95% less water than conventional facilities. The air-cooled data center, which can accommodate 50,000 servers, is based on an unlikely design: the chicken coop.



Known as the Yahoo! Commuting Coop (Y!CC), the building is long and narrow to provide good air circulation and is shaped similar to a chicken coop. The 120  x 60  building design maximizes the flow of outside air for cooling versus conventional power-guzzling mechanical chillers. When the weather gets too hot, the data center uses an evaporative cooling system.



Air enters the building through massive side-wall louvers and gets pulled through the servers. Warm exhaust air rises into the narrow cupola at the top and exits through the louvers located there. The site was chosen with sustainability in mind, from the cool climate that allows outside-air cooling almost year-round from the nearby Niagara Falls.



Some key facts to note about the Y!CC Design:



- Y!CC Facility gets access to renewable hydroelectric power.

- Inspiration for facility came from architecture in Buffalo, where industrial facilities were designed to make most of region's cool air.

- Y!CC design yielded 2% annualized cost to cool with evaporative cooling.

- 36 million gallons of water were saved per year with Y!CC compared to conventional water-cooled chiller plant designs.

- Y!CC design created 40% cut in amount of electricity used compared to industry-typical data centers.

- Department of Energy in 2010 recognized Y!CC as being best-in-class, energy-efficient design by awarding Yahoo! a $9.9 million sustainability grant.

- In 2011, the US Patent Office awarded Yahoo! a patent for their "Integrated Building Based Air Handler Server Farm Cooling System." Why you might want to hold off on buying Google's new VR headset Taking your first step into the world of virtual reality is tough if you don t have the cash to spend on an $800 system. Sure, there are less expensive options like Google s $15 Cardboard, but its apps aren t exciting and it s, well, made of cardboard. Samsung s $100 Gear VR offers hundreds of apps with some excellent standouts, but you need a Samsung smartphone just to use it. Enter Google s Daydream View.

Available for $80, the Daydream View is a VR headset designed for use with any Android phone that runs Google s Android-powered Daydream app. For now, that includes just one phone: Google s (GOOG, GOOGL) Pixel. But the company says additional Daydream-ready phones from HTC, LG, Motorola, Samsung and others are on the horizon.

So should you go get into a Daydream View? If you ve got the Pixel and want to experience relatively inexpensive VR, then yes, the Daydream is worth the price of admission. Just don t expect too many apps just yet.

Comfort for your face

If there s one thing most VR headsets have in common, it s that they re heavy and unwieldy. In other words, they re uncomfortable. Sony s PlayStation VR is relatively cozy thanks to its uniquely adjustable design that lets you move the headset s strap and lenses to better fit your face.

Still, you re always aware that you ve got it strapped to your face, because of its weight. Daydream View, on the other hand, is genuinely comfortable thanks to its lightweight design. It s almost like a pillow for your face. At about 8 ounces (without your smartphone), the Daydream View is lighter than the 12-ounce Gear VR.

The Daydream View owes that weight savings to its cloth body. In fact, Google says it used the same type of cloth usually meant for athletic jerseys to make the headset light and breathable enough to wear for extended periods. I wore the Daydream View for a solid hour and didn t notice any of the typical fogging I ve experienced with other headsets.

View photos Google s Daydream View is is one comfortable headset. More

Of course, no matter how breathable the Daydream View is, you re eventually going to sweat while wearing it. With other VR headsets, that means having to break out a Clorox wipe and some paper towels. But Google made the Daydream View s gasket, the part that touches your face, removable and washable. So if you, or your perpetually sweaty friend Dave, end up sweating all over the thing, you can just toss it into the washing machine and it ll come out nice and clean again.

Setting up your Daydream

Setting up the Daydream View is incredibly easy. First you download and set up the Daydream VR app on your smartphone. Next, launch the app, unhook the loop keeping the headset s front panel closed and place your phone on it. Your handset should automatically connect to the Daydream View and tell you to close the latch. And that s it.

Once you ve got your Daydream View on, you ll get a quick tutorial explaining how to use the included remote. Yep, the Daydream View comes with its own remote control, and boy is it convenient. What s more, Google included a small section for you to place the remote into the Daydream View s headset so you don t lose it.

The remote features a large circular touchpad at its top, as well as back, home and volume buttons. Inside are a series of sensors that allow you to physically point at and select in-app items and navigate via motion controls.





Enter the Daydream

When you strap on the Daydream View, you re greeted by a stylized cartoon forest complete with running streams and chirping birds. The home screen is made up of three main app boxes that you can point to using the remote (a white laser pointer guides you) and swipe through using the touchpad.

Read More 
2016-06-23
We're one step closer to robot butlers doing our dishes Say hello to SpotMini. The newest robot from the super-brains out of Alphabet's Boston Dynamics, this ridiculously cute bot is small enough to fit in your home and capable enough to do at least some of your chores.

Yes, we re one step closer to robot butlers doing our dishes and bringing us beer and   slipping on banana peels like cartoon characters.

SpotMini is just 55 pounds, which is incredibly lightweight compared to Boston Dynamics  other relatively large robots. It s completely electric instead of also using hydraulics, which means it s the company s quietest robot, as well.

SpotMini shows off its dance moves. More

In a video posted by Boston Dynamics to YouTube, SpotMini is seen walking into a mock-up of a typical suburban home, walking past a table where two people are sitting and avoiding bumping into another piece of furniture. The robot then ducks down and walks under the table like a dog.

Boston Dynamics then added an arm to the top of SpotMini, which makes it look like the cutest robot dinosaur ever created   though not as cool as the car-devouring Robosaurus.

The robot uses its arm to pick up a glass from a sink and place it into a dishwasher, then grab a soda can and drop it into a recycling can.

Robosaurus: not as helpful as SpotMini. More

To show off how stable the arm is, Boston Dynamics had SpotMini dance around in a circle while the arm stayed still.

SpotMini is also great at pratfalls. More

I grew up with video games, Transformers and  Jurassic Park,  so SpotMini is essentially my childhood come to life. Here s hoping SpotMini actually makes it into our homes at some point in the future.

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. 
2016-01-15
Morning Buzz: Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT), Code Rebel Corp (CDRB), Digital ... Shares of Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. (SRPT) are nosediving by nearly 45% to $17.50 in pre-market trading on Friday on a disappointing FDA Advisory Committee report concluding that  the data, overall, did not provide statistical evidence to support efficacy of eteplirsen in patients who have a confirmed mutation of the DMD gene that is amenable to exon 51 skipping. 

Code Rebel Corp (CDRB) shares surged 36.87% to $2.97 in pre-market trading after the company announced its entry into a non-binding Letter of Intent to engage in a merger with privately-held company Aegis Identity Software.

Shares of Digital Ally Inc. (DGLY) are up $0.60, or 10.83%, at $6.14, after the company this morning reported the U.S. patent office has confirmed the validity of DGLY s  292 patent on body camera auto-activiation technology. Digital Ally also said that it has filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas against TASER (TASR), alleging willful patent infringement against Taser s Axon body camera product line.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)   Reuters reports that Canyon Capital Advisers sent a new letter to Yahoo Inc s board on Thursday, its third in two months, telling the web portal not to waste more capital and to prioritize a sale of its core business, a portion of its assets, or the entire company.

Yahoo shares declined 3.20% to $29.35 in pre-market trading.

Intel Corporation (INTC)   The world s largest chipmaker reported fourth quarter/15 EPS of $0.74, compared to the consensus estimate of $0.63. Revenues increased 1.3% from last year to $14.91 billion. Analysts expected revenues of $14.80 billion. The stock is currently down $2.19 to $30.55, its lowest level in more than three months, after the company said its GAAP gross and non-GAAP margins would drop to 58% and 62%, plus or minus a couple of points, respectively, as the company continues to work through the Altera acquisition.

For the upcoming first quarter, Intel guided revenues of $13.6 to $14.6 billion, as compared to analysts  expectations of $13.89 billion. Yahoo says Canyon Capital letter to board contains misperceptions A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O) said on Friday that a letter sent to its board from the investor Canyon Capital contained misperceptions about the company.

Yahoo shareholder Canyon Capital, in a letter obtained by Reuters on Thursday, said the Internet company's board and management team have spent in excess of $3 billion on acquisitions to which, based on the its stock price, the market appears to ascribe negative value.

"Our board and management team have been and remain firmly committed to acting as good stewards of capital and delivering sustainable shareholder value," Yahoo said in response to the Canyon Capital letter. "We will share details on our future plans for Yahoo on our upcoming earnings call."

Last week, activist investor Starboard Value LP ramped up pressure on Yahoo, taking aim at Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer and her leadership team and raising the prospect that a proxy battle is approaching.

(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by David Gregorio) 
2016-10-13
Verizon says Yahoo hack 'material,' could affect deal The Verizon logo is seen on the side of a truck in New York City, U.S., October 13, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

By David Shepardson

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) said on Thursday it has a "reasonable basis" to believe Yahoo Inc's (YHOO.O) massive data breach of email accounts represents a material impact that could allow Verizon to withdraw from its $4.83 billion deal to buy the technology company.

Verizon's general counsel Craig Silliman told reporters at a roundtable in Washington the data breach could trigger a clause in the deal that would allow the U.S. wireless company not to complete it.

"I think we have a reasonable basis to believe right now that the impact is material and we're looking to Yahoo to demonstrate to us the full impact. If they believe that it's not then they'll need to show us that," he said, declining to comment on whether talks are under way to renegotiate the purchase price.

Asked for comment, a Yahoo spokesman said: "We are confident in Yahoo s value and we continue to work towards integration with Verizon."

The deal has a clause that says Verizon can withdraw if a new event "reasonably can be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, properties, results of operation or financial condition of the business. 

Silliman said the U.S. Federal Trade Commission has approved Verizon's planned acquisition of Yahoo, but it still needs approval from the European Commission and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is reviewing the proxy.

Verizon has had preliminary briefings from Yahoo but it still needs "significant information" from the company before it makes a final decision on the materiality of the hacking of at least 500 million email accounts, Silliman said.

He said Verizon is "absolutely evaluating (the breach) and will make determinations about whether and how to move forward with the deal based on our evaluation of the materiality."

Yahoo shares ended 1.75 percent lower at $41.62, while Verizon was largely unchanged, closing at $50.29, down 0.02 percent.

Yahoo in September disclosed that it had fallen victim to a data breach in 2014 that compromised users  names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth and encrypted passwords.

The company has said the cyber attack was carried out by a  state-sponsored  actor, but some private security experts have challenged that assertion.

Several Democratic senators have pressed Yahoo to reveal more information about the hack and why it took so long to discover.

The internet firm said it learned of the breach this summer while investigating claims of a separate intrusion, but it has not provided a specific timeline of events.

Some analysts suggested Verizon may be trying to get a better price.

Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics, said "Verizon is rightfully upset about Yahoo not properly disclosing the breach."

He said Yahoo would most likely have to consider renegotiating the price with Verizon, if it came to that.

"I don't think it has much of a choice. Who else would want to buy them?" Entner said.

Experts said bidders who try to extract themselves from mergers using the material adverse clause face an uphill battle. No U.S. company has ever invoked the clause successfully in court to get out of a deal.

In 2013, Cooper Tire & Rubber company got cold feet about a $2.5 billion sale to Apollo Tyres and argued in the Delaware Court of Chancery that Apollo had seen a material adverse change related to union issues at a subsidiary of the company. The court rejected Cooper Tire s claims and the deal fell apart.

A Delaware court ruled in 2001 that poultry producer Tyson Foods Inc (TSN.N) could not terminate its merger with beef producer IBP Inc over accounting irregularities. The court said the shortfall was not due to a long-term problem.





(Reporting by David Shepardson, additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington, Malathi Nayak in New York and Liana Baker in San Francisco; editing by Leslie Adler, Andrew Hay and Bernard Orr) How Yahoo's Email Breach Could Impact Verizon Deal NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

10:28 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-01-30
Earnings Preview: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG ... By this time next week, more than one-half of the companies in the Standard & Poor s 500 index will have reported earnings for the three months concluded in December. And to date, the effects of a global commodities rout and a strong U.S. dollar have led to slowdowns in growth in most sectors compared with the final quarter of 2014.

Consumer-discretionary companies, encompassing automakers and media firms, as well as healthcare outfits have reported strong single-digit percentage growth. In addition to the steep declines in the energy and materials sectors, companies in the financial-services and consumer-staples sectors also have reported significant drops in earnings growth in the fourth quarter of last year.

 We fully expected energy and materials earnings to be hideous,  said Bill Stone, executive vice president and chief investment strategist at PNC Wealth Management and PNC Institutional Asset Management.  But setting them aside and looking at the rest, we ll likely end the season with earnings growth at least in the low single digits. 

Photo: Reuters/Pascal Rossignol

Among the S&P 500 companies that had reported as of Thursday, the average year-over-year earnings decline was 6.3 percent. Excluding the hard-hit energy sector, this comparatively large decrease turns into a comparatively small increase of 0.3 percent, according to S&P Capital IQ.

 The only stocks that have stood out so far to me is Facebook and Under Armour, maybe McDonald s and one or two others,  said Adam Sarhan, founder and CEO of the advisory and investment firm Sarhan Capital.  But on average we don t have a lot of  oomph.  What we re seeing now is a classic transition from a bull market to a bear market. 

Delivering financial reports in the coming week are major companies such as Google s parent Alphabet, the automaker General Motors, the online professional networker LinkedIn and KFC s parent Yum Brands. Below is a rundown of reports of select companies for the 2015 calendar year s fourth quarter due out next week, with estimates provided by analysts polled by Thomson Reuters and stock-price movements based on market-closing levels Friday.

Monday (After Market Close)

When Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) reports its 2015 full-year and fourth-quarter results, investors will want to see whether the company formerly known as Google managed a stellar rise in revenue comparable with that seen in Facebook Inc. s recent financial report. It s one of the so-called FANG stocks (along with Facebook, Amazon.com Inc. and Netflix Inc.) whose share prices soared in 2015 while almost all other equities either declined or eked out small gains. The firm will be delivering its first earnings report under its new name and multisubsidiary structure anchored by its main moneymaker, Google.

Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expect $6.54 in unadjusted earnings per share on $4.56 billion in profit in the fourth quarter, up from $6.91 in EPS on $4.76 billion in profit. Revenue is expected to increase to $20.76 billion from $18.10 billion in the year-ago quarter. Alphabet s stock is up 46 percent during the past 12 months and down about 4 percent since the beginning of this year.

Tuesday (Before Market Open)

Like other retailers, the apparel and footwear maker Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:KORS) is emerging from one of the weakest U.S. holiday shopping seasons since the Great Recession. Expectations for retailers in general are low, and Michael Kors has been struggling with brand saturation, so don t expect much upside surprise for the London-based fashion brand s fiscal third quarter earnings.

Analysts expect the company to report unadjusted earnings per share of $1.47 on $277.1 million in profit for the three months ending in December, down from $1.48 per share on profit of $303.7 million. Revenue is expected to rise to $760.5 million from $689.4 million. Stock in the company has fallen about 44 percent over the past 12 months and about 3 percent since the start of the year.

  After a dismal end to 2014, investors will want to know if United Parcel Service Inc. (NYSE:UPS) got 2015 s peak U.S. holiday shopping season right when it reports fourth quarter and full-year results. The world s largest delivery service has been investing heavily in revamping its logistics hubs, including increasing automation over the past year. But like rivals FedEx and DHL, it could soon be facing a considerable threat from Amazon.com, which is moving into global package delivery.

The Atlanta-based company is expected to report unadjusted per-share earnings of $1.42 on $1.28 billion in profit, up from 49 cents per share on profit of $453 million in the same period the previous year. The company had one-time charges related to pension obligations at the end of 2014. Adjusted to exclude special items, UPS earned $1.25 per share on $1.15 billion in profit at the end of 2014. UPS stock is down about 12 percent over the past 12 months and down about 5 percent since the start of the year.

Tuesday (After Market Close)

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) was pummeled by E. coli and notovirus outbreaks in the last months of 2015, so expect the Denver, Colorado-based  fast casual  restaurant chain to address the revenue-crippling food-safety scandal in its fourth quarter and full-year earnings report. Company CEO Steve Ells said last week at a conference in Orlando, Fla., that 2016 would be  messy  for earnings.

Restaurant analysts expect Chipotle Mexican Grill to earn an unadjusted $1.87 per share on $60.7 million in profit in the last three months of last year, down from $3.84 per share on profit of $121.2 million in the same period in the previous year. Revenue is expected to shrink to $1 billion from $1.1 billion. Chipotle shares are down about 36 percent for the past 12 months and about 6 percent since the start of the year.

  Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is under intense pressure from activists to do something about years of revenue declines, even as rivals Google and Facebook are reaping bounties from the growing mobile ad business. It's also facing a possible massive $10 billion tax bill related to the search engine s stake in China's Alibaba Group. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is working on a major overhaul of the company, and this will be the dominant theme of the company s fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings report.

Analysts expect Yahoo to report unadjusted earnings per share of 4 cents on $37.3 million in profit in the fourth quarter, down from 17 cents per share on profit of $166.3 million in the same period the previous year. Revenue is expected to rise to $1.19 billion from $1.18 billion in the year-ago period. Yahoo stock is down about 41 percent over the past 12 months and down about 14 percent since the start of the year.

Wednesday (Before Market Open)

Benefitting from Americans  ravenous demand for trucks and SUVs, General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) has seen steady sales growth despite challenges to the industry in South America and Europe. GM is also one of the largest foreign automakers in China, the world s largest auto market, were it has nearly a dozen joint ventures. Like its American rival Ford, GM has dipped more deeply into the industry s future-of-mobility movement, most recently by forming a special division to speed up development of self-driving and electric cars.

Analysts forecast fourth-quarter 2015 unadjusted earnings for the world s third-largest automaker to come in at $1.90 billion, or $1.21 per share, up from $1.12 billion, or 66 cents per share in the last three months of 2014. Charges related to GM s ongoing ignition switch recall scandal and European restructuring hit GM s bottom line at the end of 2014, which helps explain the big jump in profit expected for the last three months of 2015. Revenue is expected to drop to $38.07 billion in the fourth quarter, from $39.62 billion in the same period last year. GM stock is down about 11 percent over the past 12 months and down about 13 percent since the start of the year.

  Even before China s slowdown in recent months, Kentucky-based fast-food giant Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE:YUM) had been struggling in the world s most important emerging market for global restaurant chains. The company doled out a serving of confidence when it announced same-stores sales had grown 2 percent in China in the fourth quarter, led by gains in its core KFC brand and despite drops in Pizza Hut traffic. The company plans to spin off its China division into a separate publicly traded company that will have exclusive rights to the company s three brands, including Taco Bell. In a bid to spice up sales in the U.S., KFC will soon rolling out Nashville Hot Chicken nationwide after a successful test of the new menu item in Pittsburgh.

The company is expected to report fourth-quarter unadjusted earnings of 65 cents per share on $290 million in profit, up from a losses of 20 cents per share and $86 million in the same period the previous year when it took a one-time charge for poor performance of Little Sheep, a Mongolia-based company that manages hot pot restaurants Yum Brands bought in 2011. Revenue is seen rising slightly to $4.02 billion in the fourth quarter, up from $4.00 billion in the year-ago period. Yum stock is down about 3 percent over the past 12 months and about 1 percent since the start of the year.

Wednesday (After Market Close)

GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO), the maker of wearable cameras that went public in 2014, already warned that its fourth-quarter revenue would be much lower than expected and that layoffs were in order, news that hammered the California-based company s stock down nearly 30 percent. Now investors will want an update on the company s progress toward its first consumer flying camera drone, the GoPro Karma, expected out in the fall, and whether the release of the next-generation GoPro Hero 5 camera will be delayed.

Analysts expect GoPro to post losses in the quarter ending in December of $12 million, or 10 cents per share, compared to profit of $122.1 million, or 83 cents per share in the same quarter of 2014. Revenue is expected to drop to $499.2 million, from $633.9 million. Company stock is down about 78 percent over the past 12 months and down about 37 percent since the start of the year.

Thursday (Before Market Open)

Dunkin Brands Group Inc (NASDAQ:DNKN) is emerging from a disappointing year as its international operations falter. The company recently announced new efforts to kick start U.S. sales, which account for about 85 percent of group revenue, including from its Baskin-Robbins ice cream brand. Dunkin  Donuts will soon add healthier menu items, and a partnership announced last month with Manhattan s indoor arena Madison Square Garden will give it a venue for national televised visibility. Like its main rival Starbucks, Dunkin Brands is also experimenting with home delivery and mobile payments, so expect to hear more about that when the company announced its fourth quarter and full-year results.

Wall Street expects the Canton, Massachusetts-based company to report unadjusted earnings of 47 cents per share on $44.91 million in profit in the three months ending December, down from 50 cents per share on $52.5 million in profit in the same period the previous year. Revenue is expected to rise to $203.3 million from $193.2 million.

Thursday (After Market Close)

It s been about seven months since LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) finalized its $1.5 billion purchase of online educator Lynda.com, so the professional networker should provide some further insight into whether it s successfully leveraged the acquisition when it reports fourth quarter and full-year results. In October the company agreed to pay $13 million to settle a class-action lawsuit over sending too many emails to users  contacts. Aatif Awan, the company's senior director of product management, acknowledged last year that LinkedIn send so many messages to users that it s become a running joke among late-night talk show hosts. Since then, the company s has promised to scale back on the email nudging.

The company s Lydia acquisition and other growth investments, especially globally, have impacted its profits over the past year. Forecasters expect a quarter of losses when factoring these investments. The company is expected to report a fourth consecutive quarter of negative performance, with losses of 34 cents per share on $47.9 million, compared to a gain of 2 cents per share on $3.0 million in profit. Revenue is the bright spot as analysts expect a rise to $857.6 million from $643.4 million.

Friday (Before Market Open)

Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN), a staple of the U.S. grocery-store meat aisle, has been in a yearlong effort to expand its prepared food segment, which includes its Jimmy Dean sausage, Ball Park Franks and Hillshire Farms sausage, which it acquired in 2014. The effort by a company largely known for its raw poultry and beef products has led to a near doubling of the size of its prepared food operations, which now represent over 18 percent of its business, up from about 10 percent in 2014, according to its regulatory filings. Prepared food offers higher profit margins for one of the world s biggest meat producers.

Analysts expect the Springdale, Arkansas-based company to report unadjusted earnings per share of 91 cents on $365.6 million in profit for the three months ending in December, up from 74 cents on $309.0 million in the same period the previous year. Revenue, however, is seen dropping to $10.1 billion, from $10.8 billion. Japan's SoftBank: Cheap, but No Bargain  
2016-05-05
Yahoo Announces Editorial Plans for 2016 Summer Games SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ: YHOO) today announced its full global editorial lineup for the 2016 Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro, including Olympic gold medalists Shawn Johnson and Summer Sanders. Yahoo will send more than 15 experts and writers to Rio, plus another 15 video producers and crew to cover the Games from every angle. Yahoo s focus for the 2016 Summer Games will be to tell compelling stories and produce instant reactions across all content platforms.

 We will use our world-class reporting to seek out the unscripted moments that make the Summer Olympics so riveting,  said Bob Condor, Vice President, Yahoo Sports Media Group.  We re poised to offer our most comprehensive Olympics coverage ever with a relentless emphasis on mobile-first content. We look forward to Shawn (gymnastics) and Summer (swimming, host) along with Canadian Olympian Karina LeBlanc (Yahoo Canada) providing insider commentary on Yahoo s global stage. 

Yahoo s experts will create unique content for Yahoo s global audience leading into the Olympics and throughout the Summer Games. Content from Yahoo s talent will include video originals such as Instant Reactions, Power Rankings, Yahoo Sports Rio 101 and the Yahoo Sports Rio Minute, while Yahoo s award-winning writers like Dan Wetzel, Pat Forde, Eric Adelson and Jeff Passan will create in-depth features to tell the untold stories of Olympians and how medals were won or lost. Former Canadian national team and pro soccer goalkeeper Karina LeBlanc will bring expert analysis to Yahoo Canada and host  Bring Your Eh Game  podcasts throughout the games. Finally, Yahoo s Miami and Rio de Janeiro based production teams will create three daily shows in Spanish and English, as well as documentary-style video content capturing the lively and colorful environment on the ground at the Games.

Yahoo s Rio Olympics Editorial Team:

Shawn Johnson - Gymnastics Expert

Summer Sanders - Swimming Expert

Karina LeBlanc (Yahoo Canada) - General Assignment Writer

Dan Wetzel - Lead Columnist

Pat Forde - Swimming and Track & Field Columnist

Jeff Passan - Track & Field Columnist, Features Reporter

Eric Adelson - Gymnastics Writer and General Assignment Reporter

Greg Wyshynski - General Assignment Blogger and Video Commentator

Kevin Iole - Boxing and Wrestling Writer

Michael Lee - Basketball Writer

Jeff Eisenberg - General Assignment Writer

Ryan Bailey - Soccer Expert

Yahoo Summer Games coverage can be found across platforms from its custom destination page featuring medal counts and on the Yahoo Sports app. Yahoo will also translate its coverage into a variety of languages to reach its over one billion unique users worldwide. Yahoo s editorial staff will work around the clock to make sure fans across the globe won t miss any piece of the action or unique story whether they re cheering for the U.S., Brazil, Great Britain, Spain, Canada, etc.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). AT&T Drops Rev-Share Deal With Yahoo, Synacor Doubles Overnight (YHOO, SYNC) AT&T Inc. (T) will end a 15-year ad revenue-sharing agreement with Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) and partner instead with a little-known company, Synacor Inc. (SYNC), the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.

The news comes at a poor time for Yahoo, as the sudden loss of high-margin revenue could hamper attempts to find a buyer for its core business. Meanwhile Synacor's shares have surged over 140% to $3.40 before market open Thursday.

B. Riley & Co. analyst Sameet Sinha told the WSJ that the AT&T partnership generated an estimated $100 million of annual revenue for Yahoo since 2001. Much of that, according to Sinha, was converted directly into profits, since the partnership cost Yahoo relatively little. Yahoo reported $4.97 billion in sales in 2015 and a net loss of $4.36 billion. (See also, If Verizon Bought Yahoo )

If Synacor generates similar revenues from the agreement, its annual sales could nearly double from 2015's $110.25 million. The company reported net income of $7.59 million for the period. In a statement, Synacor CEO Himesh Bhise said, "We are thrilled that AT&T will be using our managed portal services, mobile apps, and advertising solutions in this important initiative to deepen engagement with their customers."

In a conference call Thursday morning, Bhise confirmed that Synacor expects approximately $100 million in annual revenue from the AT&T deal "upon full deployment," which he said should come in 2017. The company has issued guidance of $120 million to $130 million in the current year, and expects adjusted EBITDA of $30 million on revenues of $300 million by 2019. Bhise attributed much of the $70 million to $80 million gap between current guidance and 2019 guidance   once the AT&T deal is accounted for   to opportunities arising from the partnership with AT&T.

Yahoo has been attempting to find a buyer for its core business since it failed in December to secure a favorable tax deal for spinning off its large stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA). Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) has emerged as the leading bidder last month, along with private equity firm TPG. The details of the bids are not known, but the range is believed to be $4 billion to $8 billion, according to the WSJ.

Wednesday's decision by AT&T could lead potential buyers to reassess Yahoo's value. However, Yahoo will still host email for AT&T customers. A Yahoo spokesperson told Investopedia via email, "AT&T is a valued partner and it would be inappropriate for us to comment on confidential details of the relationship." (See also, Yahoo! Reaches Board Seats Deal With Starboard.) Millions Of Email Addresses Hacked Affecting Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ ... A Reuters report revealed that more than 250 million usernames and passwords for emails have been breached. Most affected email addresses were served by Russia s popular Mail.ru and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). According to the report, these accounts are being used by Russia s criminal underworld as stated by Hold Security`s Alex Holden.

Mail.ru was hit hard by the breach

Holden said that his company realized that a Russian hacker was claiming to possess more than one billion hacked email addresses, and he was ready to sell them. After eliminating the duplicated emails, the hacker s list included 33 million Hotmail addresses, 57 million Mail.ru addresses, 24 million Gmail addresses, and 40 million Yahoo addresses.

Apart from the email addresses listed above, the hacker had thousands of other email addresses from Chinese and German servers.

Holden told Reuters the information that the Russian hacker was holding was potent. He also added that this data is floating underground, and the hacker has already shown willingness to sell it.

A Microsoft spokesman said that it is unfortunate that there are places on the internet where stolen or leaked confidential information can be posted. He further said that if someone notifies Microsoft about such platforms or the company comes across them, it will act to protect its customers. Also, the company has security measures in place to ensure that any attempt to compromise an account is detected.

Alphabet s spokesman said that the company was unable to comment about the abuse. However, it was clarified that Google addresses abuse as quickly as possible.

This data breach is the latest in a list of recent large scale incidents. Data for more than 100 million people was stolen from nine companies last year, including News Corp (NASDAQ:NWSA) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM).

The United States federal government was also hit by massive data breaches. In 2015, hackers accessed personal data for tens of thousands of employees from the Office of Personnel Management. Also, earlier this year, 30,000 FBI and Department of Homeland Security employees  data was breached.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Worst Area for Taxes Requires Government Subsidizes Share with:

by Frank Parlato

Consider how stupid this is:

All told, Yahoo! will get $30 million in county and state sales and property tax breaks, credits against state income taxes and 7,200 kilowatts of half-priced electricity from the New York Power Authority (NYPA).

These giveaways   which will be subsidized by taxpayers   were what was believed to be needed to attract the giant Internet company.

It sounds like a special break for Yahoo! And it is in a sense- but only in New York State and in particular Western New York would this be a real deal.

Half-price electricity in New York only means Yahoo! Inc. will pay about the same rates for electricity that much of the rest of America pays without breaks.

According to Electric Power Monthly, New York State has the highest electrical rates for commercial and residential users in America, with the exception of Hawaii.

In the month of February, 2013, when Yahoo! struck the deal to come here with various elected officials from the governor to town of Lockport officials, people living in the State of New York paid 18.89 cents per kilowatt hour for residential use and 15.50 for commercial. The national average was 11.61 and 10.04.

Yahoo! Inc. uses substantial amounts of electricity and therein lies a hint to the problems facing western New York.

Despite the fact that 70 percent of the profits that the New York Power Authority makes statewide comes from low cost hydropower generated in Niagara County, Niagara county residents do not use locally produced hydro power!

Neither do the businesses, unless the governor, who, in effect, controls the local hydropower by virtue of the fact that he appoints the board of directors at NYPA, decides when a business is worthy to get what he calls  low priced electricity  which is really just normal priced electricity anywhere else.

Without special intervention from the governor, new business cannot start here because of high electricity rates   and that is hard to fathom since this is where true, low-cost electricity is actually generated.

On top of high electrical rates, New York state residents pay the highest state taxes in the USA and, on top of that, Niagara County property owners pay the second highest property taxes in the U.S. in proportion to the value of their property, according to the Tax Foundation of Washington, D. C.

By giving Yahoo! $2 million off their state income tax, and 10 years of zero property taxes, the giant internet corporation will not pay the same high taxes that the average small business and homeowner will pay in the region.

The rich get richer.

Moreover, this points out that unless New York government gives breaks to some, while taxing others to the hilt, no new start ups are possible here in this, compared to other states, unlevel playing field.

What the governor did was reduce taxes and electricity enough so that Yahoo! Inc. will pay what they might expect to pay in other states without incentives.

Of course, the secret of Yahoo! s desire to expand in Lockport has much to do with cold weather. The Yahoo! center, with its reliance on heat generating computers, can take advantage of Niagara s normally cold climate.

 The use of outside air-cooling for approximately 98 percent of the year eliminates the need for expensive and energy-intensive chillers to keep the servers cool,  Yahoo! said in a press release.

Yahoo officials said they would invest $170 million to expand its data center in the Town IDA Park, adding a new customer call center creating 115 more jobs. At the time of the tax breaks deal, the center currently employed 77 people. About 40 percent live in Niagara County.

It is probably about time to check up on those numbers promised by Yahoo! to determine if they are reaching the promised goals that were in effect the very reason for the tax breaks in the first place. Katie Couric Could Be on Her Way Out at Yahoo Katie Couric Could Be on Her Way Out at Yahoo

UPDATE: This article has been updated with a statement from Yahoo.

Katie Couric could be counting down her days at Yahoo.

Couric, who joined Yahoo News as its global anchor more than two years ago, is reportedly looking to move on as the company's core web assets are being shopped around to unconfirmed buyers. That's according to the New York Post , citing anonymous sources who claim that the TV host is already "thinking about her next act" and has skipped some major events lately, including last week's White House Correspondents' Dinner as well as Yahoo's NewFront presentation, the company's annual pitch to advertisers.

The Post added that Couric is one of multiple big media names at Yahoo ( yhoo ) , including style editor Joe Zee and former New York Times tech columnist David Pogue, who are unhappy with how the site displays their content and think Yahoo should do more to drive traffic. Couric told the Post 's Page Six section: "I m very proud of our incredible team and how they are producing consistently high-quality content on a daily basis, despite the uncertainty."

Before joining Yahoo, Couric had hosting and news anchor gigs at all of the Big Three television networks, most recently with ABC, where she and other Yahoo News talent have often appeared in partnered segments.

When reached by Fortune for comment, a Yahoo News spokesperson provided this statement: "We just announced an extended slate of programming with Katie Couric during our Yahoo NewFront presentation. We look forward to continuing our work together, and bringing our audience even more of her exceptional journalism and storytelling."

Last week, reports surfaced claiming that Yahoo had shortlisted 10 potential buyers for its core Internet business, with possible bidders including Verizon ( vz ) and private equity firm TPG Capital. The 5 biggest bitcoin and blockchain announcements at Consensus The big bitcoin conference Consensus descended on Manhattan this week, and a number of significant companies chose it as a venue to announce news. (The ability to own and oversee Consensus was one of the driving factors in the Digital Currency Group's acquisition this year of bitcoin news site CoinDesk, which created the conference.)

Most of the excitement about this industry at the moment, from the financial world, is around the use of blockchain, the decentralized ledger technology that underlies the digital currency bitcoin, and less so on the currency itself. Banks and other payment giants are eager to explore how blockchain but a closed, permissioned form without bitcoin, as opposed to the open, permissionless bitcoin blockchain could speed up their transaction settlement processes. Much of the buzz and commentary at the conference matched this. But not all people in the industry are so eager to abandon bitcoin. Among lots of interesting news, here are 5 of the biggest stories to come out of the Consensus conference this week.

1. Creator claim



It wasn t an announcement made at the conference, but news that broke on the first morning, and it cast a shadow over the entire event. Dr. Craig Wright, an Australian security expert, publicly outed himself as Satoshi Nakamoto, the mysterious creator of bitcoin, in a blog post and in statements to a few select news outlets. The mainstream media grabbed the story and ran with it, but among the crowds at Consensus, people doubted the claim. It only took a few hours for some experts to poke holes in the way that Wright supposedly proved he is Satoshi (he presented evidence that he owns the same private keys used by Satoshi for the first ever transaction), and now the story is looking like yet another entry on the long list of false positives. Don t expect the media to lose interest in identifying Satoshi any time soon, even though it really doesn t matter to the bitcoin technology anymore who created it, because it is open-source and has changed significantly since its inception. (There is one reason people in bitcoin want to know: Satoshi is believed to still hold nearly 1 million bitcoin, or about $450 million at the current price, which means he or she would have the power to crash the market by way of a selloff.)

2. Delaware's sights on blockchain



The state of Delaware announced it wants to use blockchain technology to speed the process of registering new businesses in the state. It s significant not only because government support of this space is so rare, but because Delaware incorporates more public companies than any other state. Bitcoin believers, of course, may scoff at this as another example of blockchain being used for something rather unexciting: improving an old institution s dated IT processes. But Delaware going digital has major implications, since other states could follow. Delaware Gov. Jack Markell even said at Consensus that the state would consider creating a new form of  distributed ledger  shares in companies registered via blockchain.

3. Banks on board



Chain, an enterprise blockchain startup, announced Open Standard 1, a form of blockchain it has built specifically for financial institutions, and a murderer s row of launch clients along with it, including Capital One, Citi, Fidelity, Nasdaq, and Visa. To be sure, Chain is one of many competitors vying to build a blockchain for banks and other enterprise clients. The buzziest, in the mainstream business press, has been R3, a blockchain coalition of more than 45 banks, but this week Amazon Web Services (AMZN) also announced it would partner with the Digital Currency Group to offer a form of blockchain tech to enterprise clients. Still, with a completed product and big-name backers, Chain could come out to an early lead in this race.

4. The bitcoin computer



21 Inc, which only one year ago was still a mysterious bitcoin startup that had raised more money than any other bitcoin startup ($121 million, fittingly) without revealing what it would even do, came out swinging with the announcement of its next step. In February, 21 began shipping its first product, a small, sleek, personal bitcoin computer for mining bitcoin and building applications to accept bitcoin payments. This week, at Consensus, 21 CEO Balaji Srinavasan said the company s next move is to  make every computer a bitcoin computer  by making its software compatible with any connected device. That means regular laptops and, eventually, mobile phones. This is a bitcoin innovation that should excite more than just bitcoin developers.  Every time you click a link,  Srinavasan told Yahoo Finance,  you could be earning money.  And you could do it without having to know how to mine bitcoin. It could lead to crucial solutions in an area like, say, news website paywalls.

Read More Yahoo! Inc - Big data breaches found at major email services -expert - Reuters News  
2016-05-25
Options Bulls Blitz Yahoo! Inc (YHOO) Amid AT&T Speculation are trading at seven the normal intraday pace today -- with volume running in the 100th percentile of its annual range -- after Bloomberg reported AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) is interested in Yahoo's Internet business . This speculation comes even as fellow telecommunications firm Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) has long been thought to be the favorite in acquiring Yahoo . Plus, YHOO and AT&T just severed a long-running relationship earlier this month.Meanwhile, in the options pits, YHOO's June and July series have garnered the bulk of the attention. According to Trade-Alert , this is likely a result of one speculator rolling her long June 38 calls out to July, while a similar transaction occurred with YHOO's June and July 42 calls.Elsewhere, shorter-term traders appear to be buying to open the weekly 5/27 37-strike call. In other words, they are betting on YHOO shares to rally above the strike price by the end of this week, when the weekly series expires.YHOO call options have been more popular than normal in recent months, according to data from the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX). The stock's 50-day call/put volume ratio across these exchanges of 3.89 outranks 83% of all readings from the past year.Moreover, YHOO's Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) of 0.22 sits just 1 percentage point from a 12-month low. In other words, short-term speculators have rarely been as call-heavy toward YHOO as they are now.Those currently purchasing the stock's near-term options are taking advantage of relatively low YHOO premiums, with the stock's Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 33% ranking in the 27th percentile of its annual range. This suggests that unusually low volatility expectations are priced into YHOO's short-term options.Nevertheless, Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) is lower today, as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's (NYSE:BABA) legal woes overshadow the reports of a potential bidding war. At last check, YHOO has dropped 3% to trade at $36.39, as the shares continue to consolidate between $36 and $38. Year-to-date, though, the stock is up about 9%. AT&T Wants Yahoo's Internet Business AT&T Inc. has made a bid for Yahoo Inc., according to people familiar with the matter, and is a contender to acquire the Sunnyvale, California-based company s core internet business.

The telecom giant had previously decided against making an offer, people familiar with the matter said in April. AT&T kept one foot in the process through its stake in digital advertising business YP Holdings LLC., which had proposed a merger with a subsidiary spun out of Yahoo s core business. However, YP is no longer pursuing such a transaction, said one of the people, all of whom asked not to be identified as the matter is private.

Shares in Yahoo fell 5 percent Wednesday to close at $35.59 in New York. AT&T was little changed at $38.62.

AT&T s continued presence in the bidding process pits it against rival Verizon Communications Inc., which has long been considered a frontrunner to buy Yahoo. While Verizon remains a favorite to acquire Yahoo, it didn t submit one of the highest first-round bids, two of the people said.

Representatives for AT&T, Verizon, Yahoo and YP declined to comment.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Dallas-based AT&T, which has a market capitalization of about $237 billion, can easily afford to compete in an auction. The company could pair Yahoo s algorithm-based advertising technology with its mobile video service, which it launched after last year s $48.5 billion acquisition of DirecTV. AT&T also owns a joint venture with the Chernin Group called Otter Media, which invests in digital media.

Earlier this month AT&T ended a partnership with Yahoo, handing a web-hosting contract for its mobile and desktop customer portal to Synacor Inc., a internet-services company with just $110 million in revenue.

Verizon, AOL

AT&T may also be interested in Yahoo to help it compete with Verizon, which bought AOL Inc. last year and now has advertising technology and media properties that are similar to those owned by Yahoo. Verizon -- which has made no secret of its desire to buy Yahoo -- may still be a more likely suitor than AT&T, two of the people said, given the synergies with the AOL business.

Yahoo s financial advisers are spending extra time considering proposals from companies and private equity firms that made higher bids, but don t know Yahoo s business as well, one of the people said. The company received more than 10 initial offers ranging from about $4 billion to $8 billion, people familiar with the matter have said.

The sales process is likely to continue for another two to three weeks, another person said. Bidders have already met with Yahoo s management to get due diligence information, another person said. Yahoo s sales process is  well along the way,  Chief Financial Officer Ken Goldman said Tuesday at JPMorgan Chase & Co. s Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference in Boston.

Yahoo, under the leadership of Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer, started a review of the company s options in February after pressure from investors and a failed turnaround. TPG, a group led by Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert -- and backed by Warren Buffett -- as well as a team financed by Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners have all submitted bids for Yahoo, according to people familiar with the matter. John Malone s Liberty Media Corp. has expressed interest in Yahoo but isn t considered a likely finalist, one of the people said.

Watch Next: Here's How Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Can Salvage Her Legacy Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Tumbles As Investors Flee Alibaba (BABA) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is one of several companies being impacted by the decline in Alibaba s stock today, which YHOO shares off by 5% this afternoon after Bloomberg reported that the SEC is investigating Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) concerning its accounting practices, in particular, Alibaba s consolidation practices relating to the data reported from the company s Singles  Day promotion. Yahoo s large ownership stake in Alibaba accounts for the majority of the value of Yahoo s shares, which is why they ve lost about 66% of what Alibaba has declined by today (7.5%). Yahoo is currently trying to sell its core internet business to the highest bidder, with AT&T (NYSE:T) being one of the company s that has made a bid for Yahoo s internet assets.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) was in 97 hedge funds  portfolios at the end of March. YHOO shareholders have witnessed an increase in hedge fund sentiment in recent months. There were 84 hedge funds in our database with YHOO holdings at the end of the previous quarter. At the end of this article we will also compare YHOO to other stocks including Estee Lauder Companies Inc (NYSE:EL), Travelers Companies Inc (NYSE:TRV), and Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (USA) (NYSE:BAM) to get a better sense of its popularity.

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

We track prominent investors and hedge funds because our research has shown that historically their stock picks delivered superior risk-adjusted returns. This is especially true in the small-cap space. The 15 most popular small-cap stocks among a select group of investors delivered a monthly alpha of 80 basis points between 1999 and 2012 (see the details here).

According to publicly available hedge fund and institutional investor holdings data compiled by Insider Monkey, D. E. Shaw s D E Shaw has the most valuable position in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), worth close to $700.8 million, amounting to 1.3% of its total 13F portfolio. Sitting at the No. 2 spot is Owl Creek Asset Management, managed by Jeffrey Altman, which holds a $554 million position; 30.3% of its 13F portfolio is allocated to the company. Other members of the smart money that are bullish comprise Kenneth Mario Garschina s Mason Capital Management, Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value LP, and Joshua Friedman and Mitchell Julis  Canyon Capital Advisors.

On the next page we ll look at some funds that took up positions in Yahoo during Q1, as well as compare the stock to a handful of others with similar market caps. Views on Bug Bounty Programs and Ethical Hacking From HackerOne Inc. Chief ... Some of the world's largest companies Yahoo! Inc., Twitter Inc. and General Motors Co., among others participate in bug bounty programs. Companies in these programs pay rewards to  white hat  or  ethical  hackers for finding cybersecurity vulnerabilities in their networks.

Bloomberg BNA Privacy & Data Security News Senior Legal Editor Daniel R. Stoller posed a series of questions to Marten Mickos, chief executive officer of HackerOne Inc. and former senior vice president and general manager for Hewlett-Packard Co., on why companies should join bug bounty programs and whether hackers will help businesses shore up their cybersecurity.

Bloomberg BNA:

Do companies become part of the HackerOne bug bounty program platform by application or invitation?

Marten Mickos:

Companies come to HackerOne in most cases because they understand the benefits of working with hackers to improve software security so they contact us to sign up. HackerOne has created a global network of hackers and companies who work together to find and resolve software vulnerabilities.

Because of this community we also see customers arrive by invitation from either a hacker who has found a vulnerability and would like to report it using the HackerOne service, or they are invited by a customer or business partner of theirs. We also conduct outreach to invite others to join. Each new customer on HackerOne poses a unique challenge for our talented hackers and this helps us attract the best hackers and foster our community.

Bloomberg BNA:

Do you think allowing white hat or ethical hackers to exploit network vulnerabilities is the best way for companies to both detect and prevent future cyberattacks?

Mickos:

Inviting white hat or ethical hackers to hunt for bugs is a very powerful solution to a very common and complex problem. Every software system has vulnerabilities and every industry is struggling with security. Even if you ve bought all the right products or followed all the best practices there are still no guarantees that your systems are secure. By inviting friendly hackers to look for vulnerabilities you will find out what you missed.

Most of our customers find a security vulnerability within 24 hours of launching on HackerOne. This is why organizations, including the U.S. Department of Defense, General Motors, Google Inc., Yahoo, Microsoft Corp. and Uber Technologies Inc., work with hackers as part of their security strategy.

Bloomberg BNA:

Is there any clearance process for hackers that join the program that might ease concerns of company leaders who may be hesitant about joining a bug bounty program?

Mickos:

The power of a bug bounty program lies in the large number of highly skilled hackers looking at your code. These hackers do not get any special access to your systems that a criminal would not have. In most cases there is no formal clearance process.

It s the model itself that ensures that only people with good intent will bother to sign up to help you improve your security. To help companies better understand who they are working with, HackerOne also has a reputation system for our hackers that is based entirely on their track record. This reputation system allows our customers to see what other programs and vulnerabilities this hacker has found and how they rank. In some cases our customers have specific hacker requirements but overall we find that the more hackers participate the better the results are.

Bloomberg BNA:

Do you think more hackers will turn to white hat hacking instead of malicious hacking because of the legal rewards involved?

Mickos:

I believe that the overwhelming majority of any group of people will be ethical and have an innate desire to do good. White hat hacking is also an exciting intellectual challenge. So we will always have ethical hackers who will helps us find vulnerabilities no matter what the reward. But to get the best hackers to pay attention to your system, you will want to pay competitive bounties. This creates an enormously powerful mechanism where you pay only for results, and hackers get appropriately rewarded for their ingenuity.

Bloomberg BNA:

From your perspective what is the biggest risk companies face today regarding cyberattacks or network vulnerabilities?

Mickos:

Unfortunately there is no single biggest risk. Any computerized system has an attack surface exposing a variety of vulnerabilities. Additionally you have risks of physical intrusion, social hacking, internal malicious actors and so on.

Perhaps the answer is that the biggest risk is ignorance or arrogance. Once a company acknowledges its risks, it is actually fairly straightforward to start building defense mechanisms. Vulnerability coordination and bug bounty programs are a powerful way of finding vulnerabilities that inevitably exist in production systems and products.

Bloomberg BNA:

How did you get your start in cybersecurity and what made you join on as CEO for HackerOne?

Mickos:

The cybersecurity industry has accomplished a lot in the past decade, but it has also struggled with being seen a separate isolated industry. To truly achieve security, we must see security as an integral part of the software development lifecycle from start to end. We must see it as positive and constructive action, not a defensive one. This is where HackerOne represents the way of the future.

I have personally been involved in businesses based on openness and collaboration for the past 15 years. Now I get to employ those learnings on the most pressing need of today s connected society. I get to work with the smartest minds across the globe, and as a result hundreds of millions of people can be a little less worried about cybersecurity. This is why I felt I absolutely had to join HackerOne. It s a vital mission. Biodel Inc. and Albireo Limited Agree to Combine DANBURY, CT and BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 24, 2016) - Biodel Inc. (BIOD)

Biodel Inc. (BIOD) and Albireo Limited, a privately held biopharmaceutical company, today announced that the companies, together with Albireo's stockholders, have entered into a definitive share exchange agreement. The transaction will result in a combined company focused on the development of novel bile acid modulators to treat orphan pediatric liver diseases, as well as other liver and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders. A syndicate of existing Albireo investors, including Phase4 Ventures, TPG Biotech, TVM Capital Life Science and AstraZeneca, has committed to invest an additional $10 million prior to the closing of the transaction.

Albireo is developing its lead product candidate, A4250, initially for the treatment of Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis (PFIC), which is a life threatening, orphan liver disease that affects young children. A4250 is currently being studied in a Phase 2 clinical trial in children with cholestatic liver disease that is designed to support Albireo's planned future pivotal development in PFIC.

Under the terms of the share exchange agreement, Albireo stockholders have agreed to exchange their shares of Albireo for newly issued shares of Biodel common stock. On a pro forma basis, Biodel stockholders are expected to own approximately 33%, and Albireo stockholders are expected to own approximately 67%, of the combined company, subject to certain adjustments based on net cash of Biodel and Albireo prior to closing. The transaction is subject to the approval of the stockholders of Biodel and other customary closing conditions.

Upon closing of the transaction, Biodel will change its name to Albireo Pharma, Inc. and plans to change its ticker symbol on the NASDAQ Capital Market to ALBO. Ron Cooper, Albireo's President and Chief Executive Officer, will become President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company.

"This transaction with Biodel and concurrent financing is expected to provide Albireo with sufficient capital to advance our lead product candidate, A4250, through an important Phase 2 clinical readout later this year and a subsequent planned pivotal trial in PFIC," said Mr. Cooper. "We believe A4250 has potential to greatly benefit patients suffering from a devastating orphan pediatric liver disease with no approved drug treatment options."

"Following an extensive and thorough review of strategic alternatives, we concluded that the transaction with Albireo provides Biodel stockholders with a significant equity stake in a biopharmaceutical company with promising clinical assets and substantial upside opportunity," said Gary Gemignani, Chief Executive Officer of Biodel. "We are optimistic that the promise of Albireo's pipeline and the strength of its leadership team, coupled with Biodel's cash resources, will enable the combined company to reach significant milestones."

About the Proposed Transaction

The proposed transaction has been approved by the boards of directors of both companies and by the Albireo stockholders. It is expected to close in the third calendar quarter of 2016, subject to the approval of the Biodel stockholders and other customary conditions. The share exchange agreement contains further details with respect to the proposed transaction.

Biodel's financial advisor for the transaction is Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., and Biodel's legal counsel is Cooley LLP. Albireo's financial advisor for the transaction is Guggenheim Securities, and Albireo's legal counsels are Ropes & Gray LLP, Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo PC and Bristows LLP.

Management and Organization

Ron Cooper will serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, with David Chiswell serving as the Chairman of the board of directors. The board of directors of the combined company will be comprised of seven members, including five members to be designated by Albireo and two members of Biodel's current board of directors.

Conference Call and Webcast

Mr. Gemignani and Mr. Cooper will host a conference call and webcast to discuss the proposed transaction on May 25, 2016, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time.

Live audio of the conference call will be available to investors, members of the news media and the general public by dialing +1 (877) 407-7181 (United States) or +1 (201) 689-8047 (international). To access the call by live audio webcast, please log on to the investor section of the company's website at www.biodel.com. An archived version of the audio webcast will be available on Biodel's website. Interested parties may also access an audio replay by dialing (877) 660-6853 (US) or (201) 612-7415 (International) and entering conference ID number 13588552.

Read More

About Albireo

Albireo Limited is a holding company for Albireo AB, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel bile acid modulators to treat orphan pediatric liver diseases and other liver and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders. Albireo's clinical pipeline includes two Phase 2 product candidates and one Phase 3 product candidate. Albireo was spun out from AstraZeneca in 2008 and is backed by top-tier life science investors such as Phase4 Ventures, TPG Biotech, TVM Capital Life Science and Aberdeen Asset Management, as well as AstraZeneca.

Albireo Limited is incorporated and registered in England and Wales, and its wholly owned subsidiaries are located in Gothenburg, Sweden and Boston, Massachusetts. For more information on Albireo, please visit www.albireopharma.com.

About Lead Product Candidate A4250

A4250 is a first-in-class product candidate being developed by Albireo to treat rare pediatric cholestatic liver diseases, including Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis (PFIC). A4250 is a potent and selective inhibitor of the ileal bile acid transporter (IBAT) that acts locally in the gut and has minimal systemic side effects, lessening the risk of undesirable drug-drug interactions. A4250, which is currently being evaluated in an open label Phase 2 clinical trial in pediatric cholestatic liver disease and an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial in an adult liver disease, has been granted orphan drug designation in the United States and the European Union for PFIC, as well as certain other cholestatic liver diseases.

About Cholestasis and IBAT Inhibition

Cholestasis refers to a condition occurring when the flow of bile from the liver stops or is disrupted, leading to the accumulation of bile acids in the liver. Elevated bile acid levels in the liver and serum are primary characteristics of cholestatic liver disease and have been linked to severe pruritus as well as progressive liver damage. The IBAT is primarily responsible for mediating the uptake of bile acids from the small intestine to the liver. Typically, approximately 95% of bile acids are recirculated via the IBAT to the liver. Accordingly, a product capable of inhibiting the IBAT would lead to lower levels of bile acids returning to the liver and represent a promising approach for treating cholestatic liver diseases.

In addition to the effects on liver and serum bile acids, IBAT inhibition has also been shown in the clinic to be associated with decreased LDL cholesterol and increased GLP-1 secretion (which is linked to decreased insulin resistance) and in preclinical models with decreased pro-inflammatory and profibrotic markers in the liver.

About Elobixibat

Elobixibat, a first-in-class product candidate to treat chronic idiopathic constipation, is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in Japan conducted by EA Pharma (recently formed by the combination of Eisai's gastrointestinal (GI) business with Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals). EA Pharma is the exclusive licensee of GI rights to elobixibat in Japan and other select markets in Asia, and Albireo has commercial rights to elobixibat in the rest of the world. Elobixibat inhibits the IBAT in the terminal ileum to increase secretion and motility in the large bowel without negatively affecting the small intestine. Elobixibat has been evaluated in over 900 healthy volunteers and chronic constipation patients to date worldwide.

About Biodel

Biodel Inc. is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for diabetes that may be safer, more effective and more convenient for patients. Biodel's product candidates are developed by applying proprietary technologies to existing drugs in order to improve their therapeutic profiles. More information about Biodel is available at www.biodel.com.

Important Information For Investors And Stockholders

This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed transaction between Biodel Inc. (Biodel) and Albireo Limited (Albireo) and Albireo stockholders. In connection with the proposed transaction between Biodel and Albireo and its stockholders, Biodel will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) a registration statement containing a proxy statement of Biodel that will also constitute a prospectus of Biodel. Biodel will mail the proxy statement/prospectus to Biodel stockholders, and the securities may not be sold or exchanged until the registration statement becomes effective. BIODEL URGES INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS REGARDING THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE, AS WELL AS OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED OR THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. This communication is not a substitute for the registration statement, definitive proxy statement/prospectus or any other documents that Biodel may file with the SEC or send to Biodel stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Before making any voting decision, investors and security holders are urged to read the registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction as they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and related matters.

You may obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and all other documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction at the website maintained by the SEC www.sec.gov. Once they are filed, copies of the registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus will be available free of charge on Biodel's website at www.biodel.com or by contacting Biodel's Corporate Secretary at 203-796-5000 or by mail at Investor Relations, Biodel Inc., 100 Saw Mill Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06810.

Participants in Solicitation

Biodel, Albireo and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of Biodel common stock in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about Biodel's directors and executive officers is set forth in Biodel's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the period ended September 30, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on January 28, 2016. Other information regarding the interests of such individuals, as well as information regarding Albireo's directors and executive officers and other persons who may be deemed participants in the proposed transaction, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus, which will be included in Biodel's registration statement when it is filed with the SEC. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in the preceding paragraph.

Non-Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this communication regarding matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, known as the PSLRA. These include statements regarding management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or forecasts for the future, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual results may differ materially from those projected. Biodel and Albireo undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. We use words such as "anticipates," "believes," "plans," "expects," "projects," "future," "intends," "may," "will," "should," "could," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "continue," "guidance," and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements that are intended to be covered by the Safe-harbor provisions of the PSLRA. Such forward-looking statements are based on our expectations and involve risks and uncertainties; consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those described in the documents Biodel has filed with the SEC as well as the possibility that Biodel may be unable to obtain stockholder approval required for the proposed transaction, the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed transaction, the inability to successfully integrate the businesses or the risk that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the share exchange agreement, the inability of the parties to meet expectations regarding the accounting and tax treatments of the proposed transaction, the potential for the proposed transaction to involve unexpected costs, the risk that the parties may not be able to satisfy the conditions to the proposed transaction in a timely manner or at all, risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction, the risk that the expected benefits of the proposed combination are not realized, and the risk that any announcements relating to the proposed transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of Biodel's common stock. Risks and uncertainties related to Albireo that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to: whether the preliminary observations regarding the performance of A4250 in the ongoing Phase 2 trial in pediatric cholestatic liver disease will be confirmed following completion of the data verification procedures to be performed upon database lock; whether the ongoing Phase 2 trial of A4250 in pediatric cholestatic liver disease will be sufficient to support advancement into a pivotal trial in Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis (PFIC); the timing and outcome of the planned meeting with the FDA regarding the anticipated pivotal program for A4250 in PFIC; the designs, endpoints, numbers of patients and treatment periods for trials that will be required to support approval of A4250 to treat PFIC or any other orphan pediatric liver disease; whether the cash resources of Biodel and proceeds from the planned concurrent financing will be sufficient to advance A4250 through completion of a planned pivotal trial in PFIC; the timing for initiation or completion of, or availability of data from, ongoing or future trials of A4250, including a planned pivotal trial in PFIC, or elobixibat and the outcomes of such trials; whether results of the first cohort of patients in the ongoing Phase 2 trial of A4250 in primary biliary cirrhosis will be predictive of similar or better results in the trial's second cohort; delays or other challenges in the recruitment of patients for current or future trials of any Albireo product candidate; the medical benefit that may be derived from A4250, elobixibat, A3384 or any other Albireo product candidate; the ability to establish a strategic alliance, collaboration or licensing or other comparable arrangement on favorable terms for elobixibat in the United States and Europe; the extent to which Albireo's agreement with EA Pharma for elobixibat generates nondilutive income to Albireo; whether the FDA will consider a single additional trial sufficient to establish the efficacy of elobixibat to support approval for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation in the United States; Albireo's ability to protect its intellectual property; the competitive environment and commercial opportunity for a potential treatment for PFIC and other orphan pediatric cholestatic liver diseases; whether findings from nonclinical studies and clinical trials of IBAT inhibitors will be predictive of future clinical success for an Albireo IBAT inhibitor in the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH); and the timing and success of submission, acceptance and approval of regulatory filings.

New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such factors, nor can we assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. These risks, as well as other risks associated with the combination, will be more fully discussed in the proxy statement/prospectus that will be included in the registration statement that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. Additional risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Biodel's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents filed from time to time with the SEC. Forward-looking statements included in this release are based on information available to Biodel and Albireo as of the date of this release. Neither Biodel nor Albireo undertakes any obligation to update such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering ATLANTA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. ( Cotiviti  or the  Company ), a leading payment accuracy provider, announced today the pricing of its initial public offering of 12,500,000 shares of common stock at a price of $19 per share. The Company s shares are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on May 26, 2016 under the ticker symbol  COTV.  In addition, the underwriters have been granted a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay a portion of its outstanding borrowings under its second lien credit facility and for working capital purposes.

Goldman, Sachs & Co. and J.P. Morgan are serving as joint lead book-running managers and as representatives of the underwriters for the proposed offering. Barclays, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Baird and William Blair are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering.

The offering of these securities is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, a copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained by contacting:

Goldman, Sachs & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, or via telephone: 1-866-471-2526

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or via telephone: 1-866-803-9204

A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Cotiviti

Cotiviti is a leading payment accuracy provider that helps healthcare payers and retailers achieve their business objectives by unlocking value from the incongruities the company discovers in the complex interactions customers have with stakeholders. Cotiviti helps clients capture over $3 billion annually through improved payment accuracy. Cotiviti provides services to eight of the top ten U.S. healthcare payers and eight of the top ten U.S. retailers.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160525006552/en/ AT&T interested in buying Yahoo's internet business - Bloomberg  
2016-02-20
Yahoo's Burbank layoffs, closure consolidates its operations at Silicon Beach The Yahoo! Center in Santa Monica. The company moved its Santa Monica offices to Playa Vista last August. stevelyon/Flickr/Creative Commons

About 150 Yahoo Inc. employees in Southern California learned earlier this week that their jobs will be part of a 15 percent cut in the company's workforce.

Yahoo is laying off 90 workers at its Burbank offices and 60 employees at its new facility in Playa Vista. The company is also closing its office in Burbank and moving the remaining workers to Playa Vista.

The layoffs and office closure are part of the long-anticipated downsizing that Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer announced earlier this month. The changes come as the Internet giant continues to struggle to find its identity and a sustainable business model.

Locally, the Yahoo cuts are part of a trend of companies moving to the shores of what's now called Silicon Beach, the area in west Los Angeles that's the city's answer to Silicon Valley.

Yahoo moved from office space in Pasadena to a new campus in Burbank in 2006. Technology consultant Darren Clark, who worked for Yahoo then, said more than 1,000 Yahoo employees filled two of the three buildings on the Burbank campus.

"They had it geared up to really be their anchor location down here in L.A," said Clark.

He remembers a once-thriving tech corridor stretching from Pasadena through Glendale into Burbank, with companies like IdeaLab, eHarmony, and Overture, which Yahoo acquired in 2003.

"It used to be a lot healthier. Now it seems like the corporate gravity is shifting to Venice and Santa Monica," Clark told KPCC. "That's pulling a lot of the talent over there for the start-up and tech scene. "

He said the die was cast at Yahoo's Burbank campus in 2009, when the company made a deal to outsource its paid search business to Microsoft. Yahoo had made Burbank its headquarters for search marketing.

"That s really when Burbank started getting whittled away," remembers Clark, who had left before the downsizing and layoffs.

Yahoo would not disclose specific workforce numbers for its facilities, but a post on the company's recruitment site said more than 400 employees worked in Burbank in early 2013. Clark said he was told the number fell below 200 by early last year.

As Burbank's size dwindled, Yahoo's staff in Santa Monica grew. Then last August, Yahoo moved its Santa Monica staff into new and larger digs in Playa Vista, where a growing tech community had already welcomed Microsoft, YouTube, and IMAX.

Google also purchased 12 acres in Playa Vista in 2014 and is expected to expand there from its L.A. location in Venice.

"This is less about Yahoo and more about the L.A. tech scene, but it s like we re really putting all of our eggs in the Silicon Beach basket," Clark said. "It's good in some respects, but if I'm a technologist in L.A. and I live in the San Fernando or San Gabriel Valley, it's like, 'Wow, I guess I gotta figure out how to get to the west side."

A spokeswoman said the company expects to offer a shuttle for those Yahoo Burbank employees who now must commute to Playa Vista. 
2016-10-28
Yahoo Disclosed Content or Data of 7779 Accounts This Year (YHOO, VZ) Yahoo!, Inc. (YHOO) on Thursday released its semi-annual transparency report. This is the first release since Reuters reported Yahoo scanned the emails of its users for the U.S. government.

Technology companies are often at the heart of the privacy issue, given the level of access they provide users. To that end, Yahoo!, as with the likes of Facebook, Inc. (FB), Alphabet, Inc. (GOOGL) and Microsoft Corporation (MSFT), among others, make an effort to inform consumers on a regular basis about how frequently the government snoops on their information. These transparency reports also provide updates about how often companies are able to narrow or refuse the government's requests.

 We review demands for narrowness, legal sufficiency, duration, and scope, and consider all appropriate options before we comply, including seeking clarification or modification of the demand, or even challenging the demand in court. We also narrowly interpret such demands and minimize disclosure of user data to the extent possible.  wrote Ron Bell, Yahoo's general counsel, in a blog post.

Along with Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, Bell was one of the high-level executives, who in 2015 approved the installation of software that scanned user's email accounts for specific data. Yahoo s security team discovered the software, believing it was installed by hackers who had found a backdoor. Ultimately, this lead to the ouster of security officer Alex Stamos, following a clash with top executives and security engineers, who opposed the software.

In Thursday's blog post, Ron Bell clarified how the company reports the number of requests that don t specifically identify an account. Yahoo says it received 12,666 requests from governments worldwide focused on 20,511 user accounts between January and June 2016. It received 4,709 requests from the U.S. government, targeting 9,408 accounts. The company said it disclosed content or data of 7,779 accounts and rejected or found no data for 4,887 requests.

Yahoo reported 4,460 requests from the U.S. government in its last six-month disclosure period. The company reported 19,000 to 19,499 accounts targeted by Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) requests, but during the current disclosure period, the company did not report any data on FISA requests. Yahoo is required to delay releasing information on FISA requests after the passage of the USA Freedom Act.

As with Apple, Inc.'s (AAPL) fight with the FBI over whether it should be forced to unlock an iPhone belonging to San Bernardino, Calif., shooter Syed Farook, this latest alleged spying event by Yahoo extends the ongoing battle over user's privacy.

Yahoo recently disclosed that over 500 million user accounts were hacked in 2014 by a  state-sponsored  actor and this angered Verizon Communication (VZ), which believes this information is material to its pending $4.8 billion buyout of Yahoo's assets. Verizon has said it  will evaluate [its options on the deal] as the investigation continues.  Facebook Inc's WhatsApp And Yahoo! Inc. Warned By EU Over Privacy Breach Published By: Ken Bock on October 28, 2016 09:35 am EST

Social media and privacy go hand in hand, but things don t look good for WhatsApp as it received a warning this Friday by the EU privacy watchdogs for sharing personal information and pictures to its parent company, Facebook Inc. On the other end, Yahoo! Inc. has also received a letter for a data breach that took place in 2014, scanning emails of customers for US intelligence.

Things have heated up for both the companies that have received letters from privacy regulators. Watchdogs, known as Article 29 Working Party, has contributed to form up the General Data Protection Regulations. According to Article 29, WhatsApp has shared phone number of its users with Facebook, its parent company. A change in privacy policy of the social media app took place in August, while Facebook took over the company back in February 2014.

The authorities have requested WhatsApp to communicate all relevant information to the Working Party as early as it can. It also pushed the social app to pause sharing users  personal data until it is investigated whether these actions violate EU laws or not. A spokesperson for WhatsApp said that the company was cooperating with regulators and addressing all their concerns. Clearly the EU privacy watchdogs are not happy about these developments and want to take all actions necessary to protect private information.

Yahoo! is also under the radar for giving out more than 500 million email addresses of users to US intelligence, which is considered a massive breach of personal data. It has received a letter from EU privacy authorities, which requests details of this data breach. The agencies that were given personal emails are not known as yet. Yahoo! has also been asked to notify users and cooperate with the authorities. According to Reuters, Watchdogs made a statement that  Yahoo was invited to provide information on the legal basis and compatibility with EU law of any such activity. 

A meeting has been scheduled, in November this year, where discussions will be carried out by regulators regarding the cases of Yahoo and WhatsApp. The firms will also answer to UK information Commissioner, Elizabeth Denham. Verizon makes serious play for entertainment, but will the wireless carrier ... The makers of the new sports mockumentary series  The 5th Quarter  wanted to create a show tailored to the viewing habits of young mobile phone viewers   short episodes under 15 minutes, standalone plot lines that can be viewed in any order and plenty of famous faces such as the Los Angeles Clippers  Blake Griffin and the Lakers  Metta World Peace to fill the small screen.

In looking to team up with a youth-oriented distribution channel, the series is making an unusual bet on Verizon Communications Inc., the broadband and wireless behemoth not known for its hip cachet among millennials.

 My goal was to find a nontraditional platform,  said Michael Ratner, the series creator. He was convinced that Verizon s Go90 mobile streaming app was the right fit because of its strength in sports programming.  We re targeting that fan. 

With all eyes on AT&T Inc. s $85.4-billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc, Verizon has been mounting its own far-more-modest media offensive, which has so far focused on ad-supported content. The New York telecom giant is betting that initiatives such as Go90, its acquisition of Yahoo and Aol and investments in various start-ups including AwesomenessTV and Complex will create new growth as its core business slows.

But some industry analysts are skeptical that a wireless carrier with virtually no experience in entertainment will succeed. Much of the concern surrounds its $4.8-billion Yahoo buy, which has been clouded by a recent data breach and worries that it won t bring the new viewers Verizon craves.

Wireless carriers such as AT&T are confronting a slowdown in subscription growth, prompting them to find new ways to grow their business. Verizon s entertainment foray, however, is off to a shaky start. The flagship streaming service, Go90, has been struggling.  It s not working,  said James Min, a founding partner at Santa Monica investment bank Telos Advisors.  It s not providing a meaningful audience. 

Verizon executives argue that such skepticism is premature because the media play is so new.

 We re getting started, we re getting all the pieces in place,  said Chip Canter, who was hired this year from NBCUniversal to head the company s digital entertainment division. He said mobile viewing remains a priority for Verizon.

 Go90 is a first position and we ll expand it,  Canter said.  We ll look to explore other models   like subscription. So hopefully we ll see a portfolio of products that service different audience segments. 

When it launched a year ago, Go90 had early technical issues and other initiatives have so far had a muted impact on the market, but  it s early days,  said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson.  Verizon has deep pockets. 

In an investor call this year, Verizon Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo estimated that it would take at least another two years for the ad-supported Go90 to turn a profit.  Right now we're focused on viewership, not necessarily the profitability of the product,  he said.

Verizon would not disclose results or financials for Go90, but a spokesman said the company is  very pleased  with the number of downloads and users, noting viewers spend an average of more than 30 minutes on the app.

Some observers believe that Verizon might eventually buy CBS and Viacom to bulk up in a similar way that AT&T is trying to do with its acquisition of Time Warner.

But Verizon has said that the AT&T-Time Warner deal doesn t affect its focus on attracting millennials and teenagers to smartphone apps filled with articles and short shows.

 They are going after a market that exists today. We are going after where the market is headed,  Marni Walden, the Verizon executive in charge of leading the new efforts, said at a conference Wednesday.  We re focused on short, episodic content   seven, eight minutes. We re not going out to make  Game of Thrones.  

 There is no plausible reason for Verizon to follow suit,  Moffett said.  Verizon's strategy in content seems to be overtly in support of their wireless business. AT&T s seems to be diversifying away from its wireless business. 

Verizon s bid for Yahoo was driven by its desire to build its foothold in digital content and advertising. Despite the hack, Verizon executives say they expect to close on the acquisition next year.

Wall Street, however, has reacted coolly to the deal, citing the tech giant s long-standing struggles.

 Buying Yahoo doesn t get them millennials as much as they want,  Min said.

At a recent UCLA class of 70 students, only six people raised their hands when asked what Yahoo services they use, he said,  and those were all for fantasy sports and Yahoo Finance,  not for entertainment.

Meanwhile, the country s largest wireless carrier has been poaching talent from the media world as it ramps up its content offerings. It recently hired a former YouTube executive to serve as chief content officer for Go90.

Verizon has also hired two TV veterans to spearhead what will be a new subscription streaming service in collaboration with AwesomenessTV: Samie Kim Falvey, a former comedy development executive at ABC, and Russell Rothberg, a former drama executive at Universal Television.

Verizon acquired a 24.5% stake in AwesomenessTV this year for about $159 million with the intent of launching the streaming service, which would exist as part of Go90. The L.A. production company, which is majority held by DreamWorks Animation, is among the more popular players in an increasingly cluttered mobile-content space in which competitors jockey for teen and millennial viewers.

Some of AwesomenessTV s shows are already available on Go90, such as the high-school drama series  Guidance. 

Verizon s competitive advantage remains its ad technology, especially its ability to deliver ads that target user interests and circumvent ad blocking.

 We can provide more targeted ads and more relevant ads, which keeps viewing times longer,  said Joseph Hopkins, a vice president at the company s digital media services group.  It s a better experience for the publisher and end user.  
2016-01-25
Yahoo Says Web Content Doesn't Infringe OpenTV Patents Yahoo Says Web Content Doesn't Infringe OpenTV Patents

Law360, New York (January 25, 2016, 4:50 PM EST) -- Yahoo did not infringe seven patents held by OpenTV that protect aspects of interactive videos, cybersecurity and fantasy sports platforms, the Internet giant has said in a California federal complaint.



Yahoo Inc. launched its suit Thursday to partially invalidate a patent and prove it did not infringe six other patents held by the digital technology company and its parent, Kudelski SA, which sent a letter to Yahoo in December outlining the alleged instances of infringement.



One patent named in Yahoo s complaint protects a model for online...

To view the full article, register now. Top Twitter executives to leave company, CEO Dorsey tweets The Twitter logo is shown at its corporate headquarters in San Francisco, California April 28, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

By Yasmeen Abutaleb

SAN FRANCISCo (Reuters) - Four senior Twitter executives are leaving the media company, CEO Jack Dorsey tweeted late Sunday night, the biggest leadership changes since Dorsey returned as chief executive as he struggles to revive the company's growth.

Media head Katie Jacobs Stanton, product head Kevin Weil, the head of the engineering division, Alex Roetter, and HR head Brian "Skip" Schipper will all leave the company, he said.

Addressing what he called inaccurate press rumors, Dorsey praised the four executives and said he was sad to announce their departures.

Twitter's stock has fallen nearly 50 percent since Dorsey's return last year and is now trading below its IPO price amid concern the company has failed to significantly boost its user base despite a quicker pace of product rollouts under Dorsey.

On Sunday night Jason Toff, who heads Twitter's video streaming service, Vine, tweeted that he was also leaving Twitter to join Google to work on virtual reality. Dorsey's tweet did not mention him.

In an earnings conference call in October, Dorsey spoke about "hiring and investing in talent" and the need for "bold rethinking."

Twitter may announce other executive changes, including the recruitment of a new chief marketing officer, on Monday, according to a source familiar with the matter. The company will announce two new board members soon, the person added.

Dorsey tweeted that Chief Operating Officer Adam Bain will take on additional responsibilities as a result of the departures, including revenue-related product teams and the HR team.

Chief Technical Officer Adam Messinger will handle the engineering team, he said.

Weil, Stanton, Schipper and Roetter are among the highest-level departures in recent months, but several executives have left Twitter since co-founder Dorsey stepped in as interim CEO in July. He has since been named Twitter CEO.

Dorsey, who is also CEO of financial services technology company Square, has yet to lay out a detailed plan of what he wants Twitter to do differently. Dorsey plans a retreat with Twitter executives this week, the source said.

Weil has been at Twitter since 2009, although he has only served as its product head for about a year. He has often served as a face of the company, speaking at conferences and hinting at new developments on the site, such as a character count that would exceed the current 140-character limit.

Twitter has shuffled through three product heads since 2014, and Dorsey has played an increasingly large role in product development.

Stanton joined the company in 2010 and was tasked with growing its audience outside the United States. She previously worked at Google Inc (GOOGL.O) and Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) as well as the White House and State Department.

Twitter, which has just over 300 million users, had its slowest user growth in 2015 and was eclipsed by photo-sharing app Instagram, owned by Facebook Inc (FB.O), which surpassed 400 million users last year.

Since his return, Dorsey has launched Moments, a product developed by Weil, which showcases Twitter's best tweets and content, laid off 300 workers and hired former Google executive Omid Kordestani as executive chairman.

The news of the executive departures was first reported by the technology news site Re/Code. (http://on.recode.net/1RHgCtc)

Re/Code also reported on expected board changes, and the New York Times reported the company planned to name the two new board members. (http://nyti.ms/1UkR96E)





(Additional reporting by Ankush Sharma in Bangalore) Three Female CEOs (NOT Named Marissa Mayer) That Deserve Your Attention News

There is currently a catastrophic dearth of female CEOs among the S&P 500. Only 21 of Standard and Poor s 500 companies have a woman in the top spot, a meager 4.2%. However, for the mainstream media, one woman stands alone in representing a potential reversal of that trend. Marissa Mayer, the CEO of Yahoo (YHOO), is the beginning and end of female CEOs as far as most mainstream outlets are concerned.



It s understandable, in some ways. Marissa Mayer is a tailor-made symbol of the new era. Hailing from the West Coast, she was the 20th employee at Google (GOOG) prior to leaving to run Yahoo. While not technically a millennial, she s young for a CEO at 40, and she s also a notable fashion fan who graced the pages of Vogue with a stylish photo and a 3,000-word article that discussed, among other things, her sense of style.

Of course, it s what you do that winds up in the Wall Street Journal that usually defines one as a CEO in the long run, not Vogue. The fact that Marissa Mayer tends to be one of the only female CEOs who gets a lot of coverage from mainstream media sources is somewhat tragic for a few reasons. For starters, it tends to completely overlook Mayer s value as a CEO. On the one hand, she is most definitely not without her critics as the company continues to struggle with a competitive and changing marketplace. On the other, despite taking over a dying company at a very difficult time with the task of a turnaround that plenty of people never really thought was possible in the first place, she s had plenty of success in the one area that tends to matter most for the CEO of a publicly-traded company: share price.

Yahoo s stock has nearly doubled in value during her tenure as CEO. That arguably has as much to do with the value of Alibaba (BABA) as anything else, but it s still a yardstick that any CEO should be measured by and one where she comes out looking pretty good.

Either way, the fact that Marissa Mayer the cultural icon frequently seems to overshadow Marissa Mayer the CEO, let alone all of the other women filling the top spot at their respective companies, is an issue. Because there are definitely a number of females CEOs out there who, while not necessarily having any Vogue spreads forthcoming, are nonetheless really good at their jobs. All told, female CEOs have higher average salaries , have more success in their jobs , and are more effective leaders than their male counterparts.

So here s a look at three other names of women who are leading major companies, if for no other reason than to give major media outlets the world over a chance to start celebrating a few more names than just Marissa Mayer.

Mary Barra, Chairwoman and CEO of General Motors (GM)

Speaking of women taking over formerly great brands during extremely difficult times and getting tasked with turnaround efforts many thought impossible, Mary Barra has come a long way since having to appear in front of congress during her first months as CEO. Barra s GM is showing a degree of flexibility and forward-thinking that GM hasn t had much of a reputation for since...well, ever. After navigating the ugly scandal surrounding the recall of 30 million vehicles and the death of over 100 people, she s managed to put the company at the forefront of the race to create an affordable electric car while also making a potentially game-changing investment in Lyft and its own car-sharing service .

GM currently appears to be a car company poised to lead a changing marketplace for perhaps the first times since the Eisenhower administration, and Mary Barra would seem to be one of the critical factors driving that shift .

Indra K. Nooyi, Chairwoman and CEO of PepsiCo (PEP)

The Indian-born Nooyi began her career with Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) in India before coming to the United States in 1978 and attending the Yale School of Management. Nooyi joined Pepsi in 1994, was named president and CFO in 2001, and ultimately became Pepsi s fifth CEO in 44 years in 2006. Her legacy there appears to be strong from a variety of perspectives. For starters, since she started as CFO, the company s annual net profits have more than doubled. And since starting as CEO, the company s share price has increased over 65%. This despite the fact that carbonated soft drinks have seen sales slip nearly 15% during her tenure as consumers begin considering healthier choices.

Nooyi, though, has also shown real forward thinking in that regard. Inheriting a company with a brand portfolio peppered with the sort of high-sugar, high-sodium junk food that our culture appears to be turning away from, Nooyi has emphasized healthier alternatives since beginning her tenure as CEO, positioning Pepsi to stay competitive even as its core market erodes.

It may be working. Over the last five years, Pepsi stock is up over 45% while rival Coca-Cola (KO) is up just under 35%.

Phebe Novakovic, Chairwoman and CEO of General Dynamics (GD)

If you re a shareholder of defense contractor General Dynamics, it s hard not to look at Phebe Novakovic and think  She is doing a great GD job.  Novakovic came to the private sector in 2001 after working for the CIA and then the Department of Defense. She remains tight-lipped about what she did during her time at the CIA, but the fact that she was, for a time, married to an ex-Green Beret who was the chief strategist of the Agency s efforts to arm the mujahideen in Afghanistan during the 1980s points towards her not exactly having a desk job.

She reached the position of President and COO by 2012 and then took over as CEO in January of 2013. And if you want to judge her three years in charge purely from the position of stock performance, Novakovic has been crushing it. Shares are up nearly 85% during her time as CEO, and that s in addition to her raising the dividend twice and buying back $1.1 billion in stock . When you consider the way the stock had stagnated prior to that point, managing just over a 5% gain from 2010-2012 despite being in the mother of all bull markets, Phebe s management would appear to be a real home run.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer 
2016-12-13
Report: Verizon Could Make a Bid for CBS With a potential deal between Viacom Inc. (VIA) and CBS Inc. (CBS) off the table, rumors are swirling that Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) could make a move to acquire CBS. The New York Post, citing an unnamed source, reported Monday that Verizon is  poking around  CBS. According to the report, the interest on the part of Verizon, which is in the process of closing on its deal to acquire Yahoo Inc. s core assets for $4.8 billion, may have been prompted by the proposed merger of AT&T Inc. (T) and Time Warner Inc. (TWX). In September, AT&T and Time Warner announced the megadeal that would bring popular content such as CNN, HBO and Cartoon Network to AT&T.

On Monday, Viacom announced it is no longer considering a merger with CBS, with controlling Viacom shareholder Shari Redstone saying it was not the right time to merge the companies.  We know Viacom has tremendous assets that are currently undervalued, and we are confident that with this new strong management team, the value of these assets can be unleashed,  she said in a letter to the board, according to the New York Post. (See also: Is A CBS-Viacom Deal Dead?)

Telecom Consolidation the Way of the Industry

For Verizon, acquiring CBS may have seemed like a long shot a few years ago, but with the line being blurred between telecom and media companies it wouldn t be too shocking if Verizon made a move for CBS now. After all, if AT&T s deal with Time Warner gets regulatory approval, AT&T will not only provide the conduit to content but the content as well putting Verizon at a disadvantage. Verizon is building its content business as well, but favors smaller bolt-on buys of media companies that are popular with millennials. It also acquired AOL last year, and if the deal with Yahoo goes through, Verizon is aiming to take on Google and Facebook in the advertising market. If it does acquire CBS, which is currently the most popular of the four major networks, it would give Verizon a better competitive position to take on AT&T and streaming video services, which are growing in popularity as more consumers opt to cut the cord on cable set-top boxes and satellite dishes.

If Verizon were to make a move for CBS, it would come at a time when its deal with Yahoo is up in the air. In the fall, Yahoo disclosed a massive data hack that affected up to half a billion customers and caught Verizon off guard. Yahoo had known about the hack in July, around the time it was closing on its deal with Verizon. Since then, both sides have been trying to figure out the impact of the breach and whether or not it is material.

Analysts are optimistic the deal will eventually go through, and AOL Chief Tim Armstrong said as much last week at Business Insider s IGNITION conference in New York. The executive said he is  cautiously optimistic or optimistic  the deal will go ahead. Armstrong said Verizon and Yahoo, within the coming 60 days, will start planning what a combined company will look like. (See also: AOL CEO Optimistic on Verizon-Yahoo Deal.) CSS Industries, Inc. Announces Acquisition of the Business and Assets of The ... PLYMOUTH MEETING, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

CSS Industries, Inc. (CSS), a leading consumer products company within the craft, seasonal and celebrations markets, announced today that it has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the business and assets of The McCall Pattern Company and certain affiliated companies ( McCall ). McCall designs, manufactures, and sells sewing patterns under the McCall s , Butterick , Kwik Sew  and Vogue Patterns  brand names. McCall is a leading provider of home sewing patterns, selling to mass market retailers, specialty fabric and craft chains, and wholesale distributors. Worldwide sales for McCall in the year ended December 31, 2015 totaled approximately $32.0 million. The cash purchase price totals $14.0 million and is subject to certain post-closing adjustments and indemnification obligations. The acquisition of McCall marks the fifth acquisition by CSS since May 2014. This acquisition is consistent with the Company s strategy to expand its presence in the craft, seasonal and celebrations markets, primarily in North America, including selective acquisitions.

 As CSS integrates McCall s operations into our business, we expect to realize significant efficiencies and revenue enhancement opportunities,  said Christopher J. Munyan, President and Chief Executive Officer of CSS.  McCall s products and markets are highly complementary and we expect this combination will further our strategy of building on our existing relationships with craft, seasonal, and celebrations customers. When combined with our acquisition earlier this calendar year of the button business of Blumenthal Lansing Company, we have expanded and diversified our product line, which should enable us to grow our presence with the largest retailers in North America. 

CSS is a consumer products company within the craft, seasonal and celebrations markets that is primarily engaged in the design, manufacture, procurement, distribution and sale of all occasion and seasonal social expression products, principally to mass market retailers. These all occasion and seasonal products include craft ribbon and buttons, packaging ribbon and bows, sewing patterns, classroom exchange Valentines, infant products, journals, fashion buttons, boxed greeting cards, gift tags, gift card holders, gift bags, gift wrap, decorations, floral accessories, craft and educational products, Easter egg dyes and novelties, memory books, scrapbooks, stickers, stationery, and other items that commemorate life s celebrations.

This press release includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, among others, statements relating to the Company s expected realization of significant efficiencies and revenue enhancement opportunities in connection with the acquisition of substantially all of the business and assets of McCall and statements relating to the Company growing its presence with the largest retailers in North America. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of the Company s management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company s management as to future events and financial performance with respect to the Company s operations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances arising after the date as of which they were made. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with realizing efficiencies and revenue enhancement opportunities from the acquisition of McCall, including the risk that such efficiencies and revenue enhancements may not be realized or may be realized to a lesser extent than currently expected by management and the risk the Company may not be able to achieve the expected growth of its presence with the largest retailers in North America; general market and economic conditions; increased competition (including competition from foreign products which may be imported at less than fair value and from foreign products which may benefit from foreign governmental subsidies); information technology risks, such as cyber attacks and data breaches; increased operating costs, including labor-related and energy costs and costs relating to the imposition or retrospective application of duties on imported products; currency risks and other risks associated with international markets; the risk that customers may become insolvent, may delay payments or may impose deductions or penalties on amounts owed to the Company; costs of compliance with governmental regulations and government investigations; liability associated with non-compliance with governmental regulations, including regulations pertaining to the environment, Federal and state employment laws, and import and export controls and customs laws; and other factors described more fully in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K and elsewhere in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of these factors, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included herein or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, the Company.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161213006299/en/ Ominto, Inc. Acquires 40% of Animation Firm, Lani Pixels A/S BOCA RATON, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Ominto, Inc. (OMNT), a global leader in online Cash Back shopping, today announced that it has acquired 40% of Lani Pixels A/S for $0.5 million in cash and $8.5 million in common stock valued at $3.50 per share. In addition, the company loaned Lani Pixels $0.5 million and purchased a $2.0 million debenture from Lani Pixels.

Lani Pixels was founded by Kim Pagel and his son, Thomas Pagel, in 2000. Mr. Pagel has a long history in the creation and production of animated film content, including many years with the LEGO Group. Ominto plans to continue to develop Lani Pixels as a marketing services company and will use Lani Pixels as a strategic content partner towards this effort. Lani Pixels will not only continue its existing efforts in developing feature length, animated movies but will also assist Ominto through the development of animated marketing content.

 Kim s expertise offers an additional level of ingenuity to our already sophisticated global marketing efforts,  said Michael Hansen, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Ominto.  Having a world-class marketing services firm complementing and enhancing the effectiveness of current marketing system for our global Cash Back shopping website, is not only beneficial but, we believe, a requirement. The expertise we gain from Lani Pixels animation content will advance our marketing acumen to a new level of sophistication. 

The company also announced today that the strategic transaction with Quant Systems has closed under modified terms.

About Ominto, Inc.

Ominto, Inc. is a global e-commerce leader and pioneer of online Cash Back shopping delivering value-based shopping and travel deals through its primary shopping platform and affiliated Partner Program websites. At DubLi.com or at Partner sites powered by Ominto.com, consumers shop at their favorite stores, save with the best coupons and deals, and earn Cash Back with each purchase. The Ominto.com platform features thousands of brand name stores and industry-leading travel companies from around the world, providing Cash Back savings to consumers in more than 120 countries. Ominto Partner Programs offer a white label version of the Ominto.com shopping and travel platform to businesses and non-profits, providing them with a professional, reliable web presence that builds brand loyalty with their members, customers or constituents while earning commission for the organization and Cash Back for shoppers on each transaction.

For more information, please visit Ominto's corporate website http://inc.ominto.com.

Forward-looking Statements

This document contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding Ominto's strategy, future operations, future financial positions, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "to," "plan," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "would," "estimate," "target" or "continue" and similar expressions (or the negative of these terms) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward statements include, among other things, statements about management's estimates regarding future revenues and financial performance and other statements about management's beliefs, intentions or goals. Ominto may not actually achieve the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on Ominto's forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: our ability to successfully obtain consumer and/or market acceptance of our membership Cash Back program; the ability to attract customers who purchase through our website; our ability to obtain additional funding and/or gener ate sufficient working capital to fund our operations; the ability to establish and/or maintain a large growing base of productive business associates; the ability to develop and/or maintain our growing Partner programs; the ability to obtain and maintain digital coupon content on our website; the risks related to Ominto's ability to manage its growth, including accurately planning and forecasting its financial results; the competitive environment for Ominto's business; Ominto's ability to protect consumer data and our intellectual property; the ability to adapt to mobile and technological change; the need to manage regulatory, tax and litigations risk; Ominto's ability to manage international business uncertainties; along with other risks and potential factors that could affect Ominto's business and financial results identified in Ominto's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161213005503/en/ Publix Super Markets, Inc. Announces Annual In-Store Fundraiser to Benefit ... LAKELAND, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Publix Super Markets, Inc. has launched its annual holiday season Food For All  campaign, which begins today and runs through Dec. 24 in all stores.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161213005748/en/

Customers and associates participate by purchasing $1, $3 or $5 donation coupons stationed on holiday themed campaign boards at the checkout lanes. Food For All  is a program of making change , a 501(c)(3) charitable organization that has partnered with Publix since 1990 to create a successful campaign.

Last year, Publix distributed funds to more than 175 charities across the southeastern United States, providing them with more than $3.73 million in grants. Again this year, funds will be used to support local and regional nonprofit organizations that fight hunger and advocate for self-sufficiency.

 The Food For All  campaign makes it convenient to give this time of the year, and we re so appreciative of the generous support of our customers and associates,  said Maria Brous, director of media and community relations, Public Super Markets, Inc.  Publix is proud to support the communities in which we live, work and operate the communities we call home. 

About Publix Super Markets

Publix is privately owned and operated by its 187,500 employees, with 2015 sales of $32.4 billion. Currently Publix has 1,134 stores in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, South Carolina and North Carolina. The company has been named one of Fortune s  100 Best Companies to Work For in America  for 19 consecutive years. In addition, Publix s dedication to superior quality and customer service is recognized among the top in the grocery business. For more information, visit the company s website, corporate.publix.com.

About Food For All /making change 

Food For All  is a program of making change , a 501(c)(3) charitable organization that partners with thousands of retailers nationwide to run point-of-purchase fundraisers. Since 1985, the organization has successfully raised more than $100 million to fund non-profit organizations in the United States and around the world. For more information, please visit www.makingchange.org.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161213005748/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161213005748/en/ 
2016-04-01
Time Inc. Considers Taking on Private Equity Partner for Yahoo Bid Time Inc is considering partnering with a private equity firm on a bid for Yahoo Inc's core Internet assets, according to people familiar with the matter, as the U.S. publishing company seeks to boost its digital presence.

The deliberations on finding a partner to help fund the potential deal underscore Time Inc's limited resources. Yahoo's web business is estimated to be worth several billion of dollars more than Time Inc's market capitalization of just $1.6 billion.

Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp (2nd L) claps after ringing the bell to open trading at the New York Stock Exchange in New York June 9, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri

Time Inc held conversations with buyout firms before signing a non-disclosure agreement with Yahoo recently that forbids bidders in the sale process from communicating with each other, the people said this week.

However, Time Inc is hoping that Yahoo will allow bidders to form consortia after they submit first-round bids that are due on April 11, the people added. Time Inc has not yet selected any private equity firm as a potential partner, the people said.

Several private equity firms are weighing bids for Yahoo's internet assets including Blackstone Group LP , KKR & Co LP , TPG Capital LP, Apax Partners LLP, Warburg Pincus LLC, Bain Capital LLC and Hellman & Friedman LLC, the people said.

A potential deal structure that Time Inc and its investment bankers have been considering is a Reverse Morris Trust, the people said. This could potentially allow Yahoo to divest assets in a tax-efficient manner, the people added.

Spokespeople for Yahoo, Time Inc and the private equity firms declined to comment.

Since Time Inc spun out from parent company Time Warner Inc in 2014, its chief executive, Joe Ripp, has been vocal about putting more cash into the business and expanding the company beyond its print roots.

The New York-based company, whose titles include People, Sports Illustrated and its namesake Time magazine, has been on a digital shopping spree in recent months.

In February, it acquired Viant Technology, a New York-based marketing firm that owns Myspace, an early social media company. Last fall, it bought HelloGiggles, a lifestyle website owned by actress Zooey Deschanel, and xoJane, an online magazine geared to women.

Yahoo faces increasing pressure from shareholders and investors to sell its core business instead of going through a spinoff that would separate the company from its stakes in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba Group .

Analysts see Verizon , the large telecommunications company that bought AOL last year for $4.4 billion, as being a more likely candidate to prevail in the auction for Yahoo's web business.

Time Inc's revenue annual revenue fell 5 percent to $3.1 billion last year, with print and advertising revenue falling 10 percent to $1.32 billion. However, its digital advertising revenues have been on the upswing and rose 11 percent to $221 million last year.

Read More: Yahoo Sets April 11 Deadline for Preliminary Bids Exclusive: Time Inc considers taking on private equity partner for Yahoo bid A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp (2nd L) claps after ringing the bell to open trading at the New York Stock Exchange in New York June 9, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri

Time Inc (TIME.N) is considering partnering with a private equity firm on a bid for Yahoo Inc's (YHOO.O) core Internet assets, according to people familiar with the matter, as the U.S. publishing company seeks to boost its digital presence.

The deliberations on finding a partner to help fund the potential deal underscore Time Inc's limited resources. Yahoo's web business is estimated to be worth several billion of dollars more than Time Inc's market capitalization of just $1.6 billion.

Time Inc held conversations with buyout firms before signing a non-disclosure agreement with Yahoo recently that forbids bidders in the sale process from communicating with each other, the people said this week.

However, Time Inc is hoping that Yahoo will allow bidders to form consortia after they submit first-round bids that are due on April 11, the people added. Time Inc has not yet selected any private equity firm as a potential partner, the people said.

Several private equity firms are weighing bids for Yahoo's internet assets including Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), KKR & Co LP (KKR.N), TPG Capital LP, Apax Partners LLP, Warburg Pincus LLC, Bain Capital LLC and Hellman & Friedman LLC, the people said.

A potential deal structure that Time Inc and its investment bankers have been considering is a Reverse Morris Trust, the people said. This could potentially allow Yahoo to divest assets in a tax-efficient manner, the people added.

Spokespeople for Yahoo, Time Inc and the private equity firms declined to comment.

Since Time Inc spun out from parent company Time Warner Inc (TWX.N) in 2014, its chief executive, Joe Ripp, has been vocal about putting more cash into the business and expanding the company beyond its print roots.

The New York-based company, whose titles include People, Sports Illustrated and its namesake Time magazine, has been on a digital shopping spree in recent months.

In February, it acquired Viant Technology, a New York-based marketing firm that owns Myspace, an early social media company. Last fall, it bought HelloGiggles, a lifestyle website owned by actress Zooey Deschanel, and xoJane, an online magazine geared to women.

Yahoo faces increasing pressure from shareholders and investors to sell its core business instead of going through a spinoff that would separate the company from its stakes in Yahoo Japan (4689.T) and Alibaba Group (BABA.N).

Analysts see Verizon (VZ.N), the large telecommunications company that bought AOL last year for $4.4 billion, as being a more likely candidate to prevail in the auction for Yahoo's web business.

Time Inc's revenue annual revenue fell 5 percent to $3.1 billion last year, with print and advertising revenue falling 10 percent to $1.32 billion. However, its digital advertising revenues have been on the upswing and rose 11 percent to $221 million last year.

(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) April Fool's Day 2016: Yahoo! Inc. Causes Panic With 'Trader Joe's Is Closing ... Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) caused a bit of a ruckus today with an April Fool s Day prank claiming that Trader Joe s is closing all of its stores.

The fake article published by Yahoo claimed that Trader Joe s is planning to close all of its stores by 2017. The search engine company was quick to point out that the article wasn t actually written by its staff and quickly deleted it.

Trader Joe s Alison Mochizuki also commented on the April Fool s Day prank. She said it has a good sense of humor, but that it wasn t involved in the prank and didn t want its customers mislead. Several people fooled by the prank took to social media to complain about the reported closings, reports Fox 13.

Yahoo isn t the only company behind some major pranks today. Google, ThinkGeek and Esurance Inc. all took part in the holiday.

More From InvestorPlace: Yahoo Stock Suddenly Looks Attractive April 11th is the first deadline for initial bids of Yahoo's sale process.

The bid is attracting well-capitalized firms that might drive the sale premium higher.

This move and the Starboard move will likely bolster investor confidence in the stock.

Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) advisers asked potential buyers of its core Web business and Asian assets to submit proposals for their bids. These assets under consideration are Yahoo's core Web business, or pieces of it and Yahoo's 15% stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. or Yahoo Japan. Yahoo is reportedly facing interest from as many as 40 groups and the company has set April 11th as the deadline for any preliminary bids. It was reported that the bidders are being asked for details on their financing plans, their assumptions and conditions and approvals to be met should the deal go through.

These new developments at Yahoo makes the company attractive for so many reasons.

First, Yahoo's auction has the potential to attract credible and well-capitalized players who can drive the bid premium higher. This is important for shareholders because they can achieve higher returns on their investment. Companies like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) already have a long-standing relationship with Yahoo that they would like to preserve. But Verizon (NYSE:VZ) also has a strong reason to buy Yahoo.

Verizon Communication purchased all outstanding shares of AOL for $50/share in cash in June 2015. This means that Verizon would also benefit from having AOL, instead of Bing, to provide searches on Yahoo properties. Furthermore, if Google wanted to sabotage both Microsoft and Verizon's competitive moves, Google can also make a compelling offer for Yahoo. This strong pipeline of candidates makes the potential premiums on the sale of Yahoo more likely to be higher.

Second, Microsoft is likely to be aggressive in its bid for Yahoo and this can further help Yahoo in getting a better deal for its assets. Microsoft may not buy Yahoo but it wants to back anyone who will make the acquisition so that it can continue its Yahoo-Bing deal. After the failed acquisition in 2008, Microsoft pays Yahoo a percentage of Bing ads revenue delivered from Yahoo searches. Back in 2008, Microsoft made a $45 billion acquisition offer to Yahoo but the then CEO of Yahoo Jerry Yang rejected the offer saying that the bid "substantially undervalues Yahoo." The offer represented a 62% premium over Yahoo's then market capitalization. Microsoft tried to increase the bid to $50 billion three-months later but Yahoo rejected the offer again.

Third, Yahoo is unlikely to reject good offers now because, unlike 2008, Yahoo's management is currently under a lot of pressure to create shareholder value and everyone is watching them. After Yahoo decided to halt their plans to spin-off their Alibaba stake, investors have not been happy with management because Yahoo's proposed restructuring plans are taking more time than projected. Shareholders like the activist hedge fund Starboard Value took things a step-further by advocating for the removal of the entire Yahoo board. Starboard wants Yahoo to keep its stake in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan and sell Yahoo's core search and display advertising business.

Because of the mounting pressure on management to show results, any potential step to make a deal on one or all of its assets will greatly bolster investor confidence in Yahoo again. This confidence and renewed hope in the company's forward direction will act as a catalyst to the stocks upside momentum.

Conclusion

In conclusion, Starboard's potential strategy is to make management move quickly and hopefully find a potential buyer or buyers by June or July when Yahoo is expected to hold its annual shareholder meeting and vote on proxy proposals. Starboard Value wants to sweep out all of the ailing Web company's nine directors and replace them with its own during the Yahoo 2016 shareholder meeting. Consequently, management must deliver before the meeting to make a strong case of why the reshuffle should not happen.

The negative sentiments on Yahoo stock emanated from management's failure to take swift measures to create shareholder value using the myriad of assets under the company. Once the process starts showing fruits, Yahoo is positioned to bolster investor confidence in the stock price. These bullish sentiments would have enough momentum to drive Yahoo's stock price higher. 
2016-10-26
Verizon Executive Says Yahoo Deal 'Absolutely' Still Makes Sense Verizon's President of New Product & Business Innovation spoke with WSJ's Jason Anders about the carrier's planned acquisition of Yahoo, Inc. and other growth strategies at the WSJDLive conference in Laguna Beach, Calif.

LAGUNA BEACH, Calif.  Verizon Communications Inc. thinks its planned acquisition of Yahoo Inc.  absolutely  still makes sense, but the carrier still needs a lot of information about the major customer-data breach at the internet company that surfaced shortly after the agreement, Verizon Executive Vice President Marni Walden said Wednesday.

Verizon hopes to get the results of Yahoo s review of the hacking issue within 60 days, Ms. Walden said here at The Wall Street Journal s WSJDLive 2016 technology conference. She... Nails inc Enters the World of Lip Color With Lottie Tomlinson The British nail brand known for innovation on the nail front   yes, the same one that brought spray bottles and kale to our nail polish, has now moved into lip color. Teaming up with makeup artist Lottie Tomlinson (whom you may recognize as Louis Tomlinson s little sister), Nails inc is launching its Matchbox collection today, to make matching lips and fingertips even easier.

The brand s first-ever duo nail and lip paints feature four Lottie Lip Paints and Gel Effect, in shades that range from a tomato red to a bright pink. While the nail polishes are a classic bestseller for the brand, Tomlinson chose new shades and names that her friends use on a regular basis. And they just may give Kylie Lip Kits a run for their money. The lip paints are densely pigmented, yet lightweight, in dry to matte finishes that contain skin-conditioning emollients so your lips won t dry out.

But why lips now? Global senior communications manager Becky Knowles said that while Nails inc is obviously an authority in color (the brand has been around for 19 years), it s interested in taking a step in a new direction.  To do that with lips, we wanted to bring in a bit of credentials with that, and that s why we brought in Lottie,  she says. Her skills as a makeup artist and knowledge of the younger demographic were a huge plus, she says.

We spoke to Tomlinson   who, of course, did all of her own makeup for the campaign imagery   about her thoughts on the collection, her bold lip tips, and more.

Yahoo Beauty: First of all, what is your personal favorite shade from the collection?

Tomlinson: One of my favorites is definitely Rascal/Hell, which is like the red, because it goes with a lot, and it s like this orangey red, and is just really bright   I love that one.

Nails inc Lottie Matchbox Rascal/Hell Lip Paint and Gel Effect Set. (Photo: Nails inc) More

When you re working with matching lips and fingertips, what advice do you have for eyeshadow colors?

I think going with the same kind of color family always works, but I always say just doing whatever you want always suits you. Like with the Out Out/Buzzin, I did a really nice bright pink, but you could literally do anything with it   whatever you like will work.

What s your best trick for actually making a bold color last all day long?

Lip prep is always an important part. So, use lip scrub, then lip balm, make sure all the lip balm is removed first, use a little translucent powder on the lips, then the lip paint, and then that should last all day.

But during the colder months, lips can get really flaky. How do you deal?

Just use a good lip balm. I always recommend a good natural lip balm such as Papaw, because it comes in quite a big tube, and your lips become quite addicted to balms that have certain chemicals in them, whereas Papaw is made from fruit enzymes.

You re constantly changing your hair   what are your best tricks for keeping it healthy?

Every time you wash it, shampoo it, and then use a mask or conditioner to keep it hydrated. I use the Reincarnation Mask by Bleach London. Also, try to use minimal heat when styling. I also use extensions for fullness   Easilocks hair is no heat, no glue, and you can remove them without damaging your hair.

Lottie Tomlinson wears Out Out/Buzzin Lip Paint and Gel Effect. (Photo: Nails inc) More

Read More 'Bill Clinton, Inc.' Memo Reveals Tangled Business, Charitable Ties A 2011 memo made public Wednesday by Wikileaks revealed new details of how former President Bill Clinton made tens of millions of dollars for himself and his wife, then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, through an opaque, ethically messy amalgam of philanthropic, business and personal activities.

The memo was written by Bill Clinton s longtime aide, Doug Band, and is among tens of thousands of emails apparently stolen from Hillary Clinton s campaign chief, John Podesta, in what U.S. officials believe is part of a massive Russian-backed attempt to disrupt the U.S. election.

The Band memo came in response to an investigation undertaken by a law firm, Simpson Thatcher, into the activities of the Clinton Foundation at the behest of its board. The board was concerned that some of the activities undertaken by Band and others on behalf of the President could threaten the Foundation s IRS status as a charity, according to Band s memo. Chelsea Clinton had also reported concerns to Podesta and other Clinton advisors that Band and his recently-launched consulting firm, Teneo, were using her father s name without his knowledge to contact British lawmakers for clients, including Dow Chemical.

In the 12-page memo, Band describes how he and several colleagues spent much of the years after Bill Clinton s presidency working to fund the Clinton Foundation, which has raised nearly $2 billion from individuals, corporations and governments for charities focusing on climate change, economic development, health, women and girls issues and other causes. Band claims in the memo that from 2006 to 2011, he and a colleague, Justin Cooper, raised $46 million for the Foundation through the Clinton Global Initiative, an annual networking conference that is one of the Foundation s big sources of income.

But the Foundation work was just a part of what Bill Clinton did during his wife s time as a Senator and Secretary of State, and it wasn t always clear where the former president s non-profit activities ended and his for-profit ones began. Five months before he wrote the memo, Band joined forces with a recently retired State Department envoy, Declan Kelly, to form Teneo, which Band said provided merchant and investment banking services, corporate restructuring, public relations and communications services and strategic advising services to 20 clients, including Coca-Cola, Dow Chemical, UBS, Barclays and BHP Billiton, among others. Over that period, Band says in the memo, Teneo raised $8 million for the Clinton Foundation.

And Band was also organizing personal income directly for Clinton. Under the heading,  For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e. Bill Clinton, Inc.),  Band wrote,  We have dedicated our selves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities including speeches, books, and advisory service engagements  In support of the President s for-profit activity, we also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and his family for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like. Neither Justin nor I are separately compensated for these activities (e.g., we do not receive a fee for, or percentage of, the more than $50 million in for-profit activity we have personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements). 

Band mentions four such  arrangements  without naming them. Bill Clinton was paid nearly $18 million to be  honorary chancellor  of a for-profit college, Laureate International Universities, according to reports and the family s tax returns. A Dubai-based firm, GEMS Education, paid Bill Clinton more than $560,000 in 2015, according to the tax returns. Band also lists a variety of speaking fees, previously disclosed by the Clintons, including hundreds of thousands of dollars each from UBS, Ericsson, BHP and Barclays. In 2011 alone, according to the Clinton s tax returns, Bill Clinton earned $13,454,000 in speaking fees.

No evidence has been found to support allegations of a quid pro quo of official acts by Hillary Clinton as senator or Secretary of State in exchange for the money received by the Clintons or the Clinton Foundation. However the messiness and opacity of the relationship between Clinton s personal, business and philanthropic undertakings detailed in the memo raises new questions about Bill Clinton s activity. In the email to which Band s draft memo was attached, Band tells Podesta he has removed the  lasry section all together.  Marc Lasry is a hedge fund manager and Clinton donor who funded an unsuccessful investment vehicle launched by Chelsea Clinton s husband Marc Mezvinsky.

Read More 
2016-01-22
Yahoo Releases Largest-ever Web Browser Data Set to Researchers Recently, Yahoo, Inc. released the largest-ever web browser data set to university researchers. With 13.5 terabytes of anonymized information on the browsing and reading habits of approximately 20 million users, the move benefits both academic researchers and the struggling technology company.



According to Yahoo, the data dump is a way to  promote independent research in the fields of large-scale machine learning and recommender systems, and to help level the playing field between industrial and academic research. 

But it also could result in attracting more researchers to the field of artificial intelligence specifically in machine learning and deep learning. These areas of focus involve  training machines to mine massive data sets so they can respond to complex queries or make predictions,  as the Wall Street Journal points out.

Those interested in accessing the Yahoo News Feed dataset, may do so through Yahoo Webscope.

The University of Tennessee, Knoxville maintains a list of public use data sets for researchers. Investigators can request a dataset be added to the Institutional Review Board s list by filling out and submitting a nomination form. Esports Are the Real Deal. Here's What You Need to Know. Sold-out arenas swelling with the thunderous applause of thousands of rabid fans. International audiences watching their favorite stars perform at the highest level. Prizes worth millions of dollars.

I m not talking about the World Cup or the Super Bowl. I m talking about the world of esports, where players square against one another in video games like Counter-Strike, Street Fighter, and League of Legends.

If you aren t an avid gamer, you might be shocked by just how popular esports are. More than 40,000 fans attended the 2014 League of Legends championships in Seoul, South Korea. Some 135 million fans watched esports events online that year. According to SuperData Research, the competitive gaming industry brought in revenue of $750 million in 2015. By 2018, that number is expected to reach $1.9 billion.

But to those outside the gaming community, esports can seem incredibly opaque. Who plays esports? How much money do they really make? Where can I watch some? Is it really a sport?



To answer your burning questions, I spoke with some of competitive gaming s biggest names and slogged through a few online matches of my own. Here s your 10-minute primer on what the heck esports are   and why you should care.

So what is competitive gaming?

Ah, yes, let s start off with the basics. Competitive gaming is really no different from playing someone in an arcade or against your friend at home.

Most esports games are played online, where anyone can compete against fellow gamers from around the world. Each game has its own rankings system; the better you are, the higher you ll climb in the ranks until you close in on the top players.

If you re good enough, you can place into tournaments or tournament championship series, where you can compete for cash and prizes.

What games do competitors play?

Tons.

The most popular esports game in the world right now is League of Legends, commonly referred to as LoL. This is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena game, or MOBA, where you and a team of four other players take on another team of five in an effort to destroy each other s bases.

In LoL, for example, you choose to play as one character out of more than 100 options. You then control your character, known as a champion, as you and your team attempt to capture the competing team s base, or Nexus. Other games that follow the MOBA formula include Defense of the Ancients, which was the forerunner to League of Legends, and Blizzard s Heroes of the Storm.

Read More Does a Verizon Takeover of Yahoo Make Sense? RBC Analyst Says Apple Acquisition of Disney Is Possible

49:59 - Investors are increasingly discussing options for how Apple could gain scale in media/content and an acquisition of Walt Disney has a "greater than 0%" probability, though odds are low, RBC analyst Amit Daryanani said in a note. Bloomberg's Chris Palmeri has more on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg) Verizon to Buy Yahoo?: Bloomberg West (Full Show 01/21) The Road to Cheaper Electric Vehicles

50:01 - A new report by Bloomberg's New Energy Finance team found electric cars won't be cheaper to produce than conventional vehicles until the year 2030. The report's co-author Colin McKerracher speaks on "Bloomberg Markets: Canada." (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-01-07
Inside Yahoo's troubled advertising business Between a sinking stock, an embattled CEO and restless investors demanding that the company be dismantled, these are not great days for Internet pioneer Yahoo.

Now add one more headache: The company's ad business, which brought in $1.15 billion in the second quarter of 2015, is rife with ad fraud, multiple sources told CNBC.

Executives at several media companies and media advisory firms with direct dealings with Yahoo's ad business said the company's programmatic video ad platform generates mostly fraudulent ad traffic, and otherwise does not work as promised. The platform is largely powered by BrightRoll, which was acquired by Yahoo in November 2014.



One company that used Yahoo's programmatic video ad platform said it discovered 30 to 70 percent of its ads were not running in areas where Yahoo was claiming they were. Most of the problems were tied to the fact that although it was paying $20 CPMs (cost per thousand views) for pre-roll advertising (ads that appear before a video), its ads were appearing in videos inside banners, which should have only been one-tenth of the price.

Another source said that it found BrightRoll's traffic was mostly coming from data centers' IP addresses, suggesting most of the ad views were nonhuman and fraudulent.

A Yahoo spokesperson denied the claims, and in a statement to CNBC, the company said: "Yahoo has always taken the integrity of ad inventory and traffic quality very seriously. We are leading the industry forward by allowing independent viewability and fraud measurement across our ad platforms through well-known and accredited, third party measurement partners."



"[W]e are committed to delivering value and results for our advertisers. ... We have focused on integrating advanced data, targeting and measurement capabilities across our advertising technology, including BrightRoll, to provide control and transparency, while driving results for advertisers," Yahoo said.



To be fair, ad fraud is a widespread problem not limited to Yahoo. A report by Distil Networks in October claimed that advertising fraud would cost the industry about $18.5 billion a year. For perspective, the Interactive Advertising Bureau projected that U.S. digital ad revenue reached $27.5 billion during the first six months of 2015.

Ad fraud occurs when digital advertisements are not being seen by the viewers companies paid to get in front of. In addition to creating nonhuman "impressions" or page views through bot networks, other known ad fraud practices include placing 1 pixel-sized advertisements on trusted websites which are invisible to the human eye. Sometimes, advertisements don't appear on the media sites or places the paying company believes they are. Yahoo Under Fire: Bloomberg West (Full Show 01/06) The Road to Cheaper Electric Vehicles

49:52 - A new report by Bloomberg's New Energy Finance team found electric cars won't be cheaper to produce than conventional vehicles until the year 2030. The report's co-author Colin McKerracher speaks on "Bloomberg Markets: Canada." (Source: Bloomberg) Time Inc.'s video hub The Daily Cut slow to take off Time Inc. took an unorthodox stance a year ago when it launched The Daily Cut, a hub to house all the video it produces across its many magazine titles.  We want to build our own brand equity,  svp of video J.R. McCabe said in announcing the planned hub.

But a year in, it s hard to say the Daily Cut, which figured prominently in Time Inc. s pitch during the NewFronts in May 2014, has gotten the discovery it hoped for. The site hasn t attracted enough traffic to meet comScore s minimum reporting standards, which is usually around 50,000 unique visitors. Yesterday, Time Inc. announced that McCabe is leaving the company and that People and Entertainment Weekly president Rich Battista will take over video operations. (Time Inc. declined to comment for this story.)

It s understandable that publishers would want to have their own avenue to distribute their homegrown video, which for many is key to their growth strategy. Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp has identified video as among a few areas the company is aggressively pursuing. A 3,000-square-foot video production facility is a centerpiece of the company s new lower Manhattan offices, and the company cited video as a factor in a 22 percent increase in digital ad revenue to $79 million in the third quarter of 2015 from the year-earlier quarter.

Having consumers watch video on their own sites enables the publisher to keep all the associated ad revenue and promote their other videos and articles. But with publishers like BuzzFeed and Vox Media increasingly distributing their content widely on social platforms, the idea of getting people to start coming to a new video portal seems out of step with viewer behavior.

The Daily Cut, which has a companion mobile/tablet app, launched with more than 1,500 hours and 35,000 videos in a strategy reminiscent of Cond  Nast s dedicated video hub, which launched about six months ahead of the Daily Cut. Like the Scene, the Daily Cut represents the breadth of the parent company s own magazine brands, which include Sports Illustrated, People and Fortune. The result is jumble of content, from sports profiles to beauty how-to s and financial advice. Other than Toyota ads on the live show  People Now,  there was a dearth of ads on the site.

 They never promoted the service on their owned sites or any other way,  said a source knowledgable of the company who requested anonymity.  You can t put something in the app store and expect consumers to just find it. 

It s no surprise, then, that the Daily Cut isn t alone in struggling to get off the ground; Cond  Nast s dedicated video hub The Scene s unique visitors declined 25 percent to 9.9 million in November versus a year ago, according to comScore. Yahoo just pulled the plug on Yahoo Screen, whose traffic plummeted 34 percent to 15 million uniques in November.

The Daily Cut has the potential to draw a lot of audience if it can give audiences access to celebrities or scoops they can t get elsewhere, though, offered Basil Shadid, head of video at Rational Interaction, a digital creative agency. But today, it s hard to tell how differentiated the content is, and it s a hard sell to get people to come to a new site when other publishers like The New York Times are baking video into their articles or sites.

 I don t think people are constantly adding channels to their browser tab,  he said.  If they start to provide exclusives, it will bring more of the audience that wants that content.  Time owns so many properties, they have access to so many kinds of content others don t. But they have a lot of work to do. 

Time Inc. isn t relying solely on the Daily Cut and its magazine sites for video viewership. The company has been using Facebook to distribute video, where the vast majority of the views for some of its biggest sites is taking place, according to Tubular Labs. And in December, Time Inc. added Yahoo, Hulu and Zealot as video distribution partners. Where the site goes next will likely be for Battista to figure out, now that video falls to him. Yahoo! Inc is prepping to lay off 10 percent or more of its workforce - Business Insider, citing sources YHOO.O - Reuters  
2016-12-22
AudioEye, Inc. Completes $550000 Equity Financing TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- AudioEye, Inc. (AEYE) ("AudioEye" or the "Company") today announced that it has completed a $550,000 equity raise through the private sale and issuance of Common Stock and Warrants to accredited investors. While significant investment came from outside investors, participants in the financing included Dr. Carr Bettis, Executive Chairman of AudioEye, and Board Member E.W. (Sandy) Purcell.

"We appreciate the support of the new investors enabling us to add strength to our balance sheet as we plan to ramp up marketing and sales efforts in early 2017," stated Carr Bettis.

The Common Stock was issued at $0.14 per share and each investor received twenty percent (20%) warrant coverage. The Warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of 440,000 shares of Common Stock at $0.25 per share and expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. The Warrants are subject to anti-dilution protection, subject to certain customary exceptions.

About AudioEye, Inc.

Incorporated in 2005, AudioEye provides enhanced web access and usability for its clients' customers through AudioEye's Ally platform. The Ally product allows AudioEye's clients to reach more customers, build more brand loyalty, retain more customers and secure more repeat business.

AudioEye's common stock trades on the OTCQB under the symbol "AEYE." The Company maintains offices in Tucson and Atlanta.

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements in this press release about AudioEye's expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, prospects, financial condition, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as "believe", "anticipate", "should", "intend", "plan", "will", "expects", "estimates", "projects", "positioned", "strategy", "outlook" and similar words. You should read the statements that contain these types of words carefully. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. There may be events in the future that AudioEye is not able to predict accurately or over which AudioEye has no control. Other risks are described more fully in AudioEye's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements reflect management's analysis as of the date of this press release and AudioEye urges you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. AudioEye does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

For further information, please contact:

Matt Kreps

Darrow & Associates

(214) 597-8200

mkreps@darrowir.com

or

David Kovacs

Strategic Consultant

AudioEye, Inc.

(520) 308-6143

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/audioeye-inc-completes-550000-equity-financing-300382889.html 
2016-05-13
Exclusive: Warren Buffett, Quicken Loans founder in Yahoo bid - sources Berkshire Hathaway Inc Chairman Warren Buffett is backing a consortium vying for Yahoo Inc's internet assets that includes Quicken Loans Inc founder Dan Gilbert, people familiar with the matter said on Friday.

While there is no certainty that the consortium will prevail in the auction, the interest of Buffett and Gilbert is a boost for the Sunnyvale, California-based company, which has been surpassed in recent years by rivals such as Alphabet Inc in the race for internet users and advertising dollars.

The consortium's participation in the sale process also represents a challenge to U.S. telecommunications carrier Verizon Communications Inc, whose deal to acquire AOL last year for $4.4 billion has made it a favorite to prevail in its bid for Yahoo's assets among industry analysts.

The consortium is in the second round of bidding in the auction for Yahoo's assets, the people said. Buffett is helping finance the offer, one of the people added.

It is not clear whether Gilbert, a billionaire who also owns the U.S. basketball team Cleveland Cavaliers, is using Quicken Loans in any way as part of the consortium's bid.

The sources asked not to be identified because the details of the sale process are confidential. Buffett offered no immediate comment when reached by telephone. Quicken Loans declined to comment on behalf of Gilbert, while Yahoo declined to comment.

Reuters reported last month that Yahoo had shortlisted close to 10 bidders in the auction for its assets, with most offers coming from private equity firms.

At Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting last month, Buffett admitted that Berkshire had been slow to adapt to new technology as far as its investments were concerned.

Buffett, whose Berkshire is an IBM Corp shareholder, said in a CNBC interview on May 2 that Yahoo's business had deteriorated significantly and that "something has to change there." He did not mention any potential bid on his part.

Susan Decker, who worked at Yahoo in several senior roles between 2000 and 2009, including president and chief financial officer, is now a director on Berkshire's board.

"I hope the next owner can do something to revitalize the spirit of the core things that made Yahoo very, very unique and create a distinction in consumers' minds about why they love Yahoo still. It will be helpful if it is private or part of a much larger corporation to achieve that," she said on CNBC in an interview on April 29.

Last month, Yahoo said that activist hedge fund Starboard Value LP Chief Executive Jeffrey Smith and three independent directors associated with him would join its board immediately.

Yahoo's four new directors were on a slate that Starboard had proposed to oust Yahoo's entire board.

(Reporting by Michael Flaherty and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Dan Freed and Jennifer Ablan in New York and Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Bernard Orr and Cynthia Osterman) Yahoo Japan's future still looks bright   unlike its US counterpart In the United States, Yahoo lost the Internet search battle with Google years ago.

But in Japan, Yahoo s brand is still all the rage.

Yahoo Japan, a joint venture between Yahoo Inc. and Tokyo telecommunications giant SoftBank Group, operates the country s most popular Internet sites for PC users, according to research firm Nielsen. And when it comes to mobile users, Yahoo Japan sites are a close second to Google s.

Large companies close ad deals based on whether marketing firms can land prominent ad placements on Yahoo Japan s home page. And even fast-growing companies like BuzzFeed that are experts at making stories go viral in the U.S. team up with Yahoo Japan to distribute content.

 Yahoo Japan is the dominant digital force in Japan, reaching almost every Japanese Internet user,  wrote BuzzFeed President Greg Coleman when he announced a joint venture with Yahoo Japan last year.

In many ways, Yahoo Japan is on a different path than its U.S. counterpart, even though both have faced similar challenges.

Yahoo Japan commands 31 percent of Japan s search market   the largest share the Yahoo brand holds in any part of the world, according to analysis firm StatCounter. (A Yahoo Japan representative said the company believes its market share is higher but did not give a number.)

And even as Yahoo s core business in the United States suffers from falling banner-ad revenue, Yahoo Japan s business is going strong. Its revenue grew 52 percent to $6 billion in the fiscal year that ended March 31, compared with a year earlier. Profit was nearly $1.59 billion, an increase of about 29 percent.

Yahoo Inc. s revenue for its most recent calendar year, in contrast, was $4.97 billion.

And despite sharing a name, Yahoo Japan s biggest shareholder, SoftBank (which considers Yahoo Japan a subsidiary), is quick to note differences with the Sunnyvale company.

 Yahoo U.S. ... they are in negative, suffering. That s the situation that they are experiencing for a few years,  said SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son in a recent earnings presentation to investors. Yahoo Inc. and Yahoo Japan  happen to have the same brand, but the situation with Yahoo Japan is that since its foundation, it has never seen a decrease in operating income.  (His comments were translated into English.)

Why has the Japanese Yahoo prospered while its U.S. counterpart struggles? Son credited SoftBank s leadership, in a dig at Yahoo Inc. s management. SoftBank owns a 43 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, while Yahoo Inc. holds 35.5 percent.

Yahoo declined to comment for this article. A request for Yahoo to respond to Son s comments was not immediately returned.

Yahoo Inc. is exploring a sale of its core business   with Verizon considered the most likely buyer   and may also get rid of its shares in Yahoo Japan. Son said that if another company were to buy Yahoo s stake in Yahoo Japan, he does not think it would impact Yahoo Japan s business.

Cultural knowledge

Yahoo Japan benefited from its early entry into the Japanese Internet market and its deep knowledge of Japanese culture, helping it ward off competitors Google and Facebook, analysts said. And as people shifted to searching for content on their smartphones, Yahoo Japan invested in other areas of its business that would give mobile users more reasons to visit their site.

 Yahoo Japan recognized that the market continues to evolve and they need to evolve with it,  said Rowan Ewart-White, a director at Storm Research.  The best way to do that is to have sufficient diversification. You put your fingers in enough pies and understand how the market is changing and how you can grow with that. 

At the same time, Yahoo Japan s home page retains a look that Americans might find dated. Littered with text, it hasn t changed much since the site was created in 1996. It uses an old logo   colored bright red   even after Yahoo Inc. deliberately revamped its purple logo (Pantone Violet C, to be exact) in 2013.

 It s kind of a mystery in many ways,  said David Rittenhouse, a representative director at Ogilvy Japan s digital media division, Neo.

Yahoo Japan spokesman Masaki Hanyuu said the company had the option of going purple, but decided to stick with red for the logo. Yahoo Japan is only partly owned by Yahoo,  so we kept our independence,  he said.

 While it may be difficult to understand due to differences in culture and customs, in Japan, red signifies the sun and fire, so the color gives the impression of being  powerful  and  active,   Hanyuu said in an email.

The alliance between SoftBank and Yahoo began when Son visited Silicon Valley in November 1995, interested in the promising U.S. company. He met with Yahoo s founders, Jerry Yang and David Filo, over takeout pizzas in their Mountain View office, according to Atsuo Inoue s book  Aiming High.  As a result of that fateful meeting, SoftBank invested $2 million.

 Talking with Jerry Yang and David Filo, I thought they were the ones,  Son told Inoue.  I decided to bet everything on them.  A month later, SoftBank approached Yang about creating Yahoo Japan, a joint venture with Yahoo that would provide a Japanese language portal in Japan.

Early success

Analysts attribute Yahoo Japan s early success to developing a portal with Japanese consumers in mind. The search functions were in Japanese, and the team curated thousands of websites, according to  Aiming High.  SoftBank also led a big push to connect people in Japan with inexpensive DSL and opened up free Internet cafes called  Yahoo BB Cafes.  Feature phones were created with a button that would easily send users to Yahoo Japan s home page.

For many in Japan,  their first exposure to broadband (Internet) was through Yahoo. It became a household name,  said Kenji Kushida, a Japan Program Research Associate at Stanford University s Shorenstein Asia-Pacific Research Center.

Japanese consumers embraced Yahoo Japan, making it difficult at first for U.S. companies like Google and Facebook to break into the market. And unlike Yahoo Japan, other companies tried to take their U.S. platforms and make them work in Japan, analysts said. Japanese customers like a lot of text on their screen, so Google s simple design may not have been attractive to them.

 Yahoo Japan wasn t just a translation,  said Nick Kapur, an assistant history professor at Rutgers University.  The various services that the portal offered were much more tailored to Japanese needs and Japanese culture. 

Aging population

Analysts and historians also say Yahoo Japan benefits from being in a country with an aging population   median age 46    that tends to hold on to older technology and habits. Fax machines are still used there, CD stores exist and many offices still store paper records in binders, Kapur said. Feature phones are still used by a number of people who open their phones to a home screen not based on Apple s iOS or Google s Android.

 Things that have died out elsewhere in the world, they just take a longer time to die out in Japan,  Kapur said.  There is just enough of these older people for some of these products to survive. 

After Yahoo Inc. lost the search battle to Google, Yahoo Japan decided in 2010 to power its searches with Google s technology. Yet even though the underlying algorithms belong to Google, Japanese users such as 42-year-old Mie Yee still go to the Yahoo Japan website to search for content.

Yee, a math teacher who lives in Osaka, has used Yahoo Japan for two decades to browse the Internet, send email and shop. Every morning she spends 10 minutes on Yahoo Japan to check the weather and news.

 When I bought my first PC in the late  90s, Yahoo was popular,  Yee said.  There were Yahoo salespersons in every train station and shopping mall trying to sell us on Yahoo Japan. My first email was from Yahoo Japan. ... I sometimes use Google to search for American stuff, but I usually stick with Yahoo Japan for Japanese things. 

The connotation of working for Yahoo in the U.S. and Japan also have different meanings.

Some recruiters in the U.S. say they favor resumes from workers at Google or Facebook over those from Yahoo employees, because of Yahoo s reputation as a struggling company. In Japan, employees with Yahoo experience are seen as valuable.

 It is seen as very much a sign of credibility, of trustworthiness and stability, with respect to digital media,  Rittenhouse said.

Advertising on Yahoo Japan s home page is a big deal, Rittenhouse said. To land a home page ad for a week would cost tens of millions of Japanese yen, he added.

 You can win or lose a pitch based on your ability to get access to Yahoo Japan s most difficult (ad) inventory,  Rittenhouse said.

These days, Yahoo Inc. continues to receive significant revenue from Yahoo Japan, a little over $200 million this year through search and royalty deals. An advertising partnership involving Yahoo Inc., a European subsidiary and Yahoo Japan will expire on Aug. 31 2017. A separate deal between Yahoo Inc. and Yahoo Japan for its logo has no expiration date.

Yahoo Japan continues to move forward. The company faces similar headwinds to its U.S. counterpart, including more people using iPhones or Android smartphones that don t automatically direct users to Yahoo Japan s portal. In 2009, Yahoo Japan purchased a controlling stake in video platform Gyao, but the number and variety of videos is still less than on YouTube, analysts said. And while growth for Yahoo Japan and Google have slowed down, Facebook s market share is rising.

 Yahoo Japan held its own for quite a long time, and has a lot of momentum, but I think there is competition, and over time, that competition may take its toll on them,  Rittenhouse said.

Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee

Timeline

1996 Yahoo and SoftBank create Yahoo Japan

1999 Yahoo Shopping and Yahoo Auctions available in Japan

2001 SoftBank creates Yahoo BB broadband service

2003 Yahoo Japan lists shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange

2006 Yahoo Keitai mobile service offered to SoftBank wireless subscribers

2009 Video-streaming service Gyao acquired

2010 Yahoo Japan teams with Google on Web search

2014 Credit card subsidiary YJ Card created Here's why 21 is the most exciting bitcoin company right now  NPC International, Inc. Reports First Quarter Results OVERLAND PARK, Kan.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

NPC International, Inc. (the  Company  or  NPC ), today reported results for its first fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2016.

FIRST QUARTER HIGHLIGHTS:

Pizza Hut comparable store sales were +4.1%.

Wendy s comparable store sales were +2.4%.

Adjusted EBITDA (reconciliation attached) was $35.0MM; an increase of $2.7MM or 8.4% from the prior year.

Adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 11.5% from 10.9% last year.

The Company generated net income of $7.7MM, an increase of $2.7MM from the prior year.

Cash balances were $45.9MM, an increase of $13.1MM from the prior fiscal year end.

Free Cash Flow (reconciliation attached) was $17.6MM, an increase of $4.2MM from the prior year due to improved profitability.

Our leverage ratio improved to 4.48X Consolidated EBITDA, net of allowable cash balances (as defined in our Credit Agreement).

NPC s President and CEO Jim Schwartz said,  We are pleased with continued sales momentum that we are enjoying in both brands. Our Pizza Hut and Wendy s businesses posted positive comparable store sales growth of 4.1% and 2.4%, respectively. These sales trends combined with easing commodity markets and favorable labor performance by our Wendy s operations resulted in an 8.4% increase in Adjusted EBITDA as well as margin expansion compared to the prior year. This increased profitability contributed to improved free cash flow compared to the prior year and increased liquidity relative to the prior fiscal year end.

"Our Pizza Hut business has not only maintained but accelerated the momentum that we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. The introduction of the $5 Flavor menu this quarter resonated with consumers and certainly contributed to the continued positive sales growth. Our margins benefitted from a favorable commodity environment and more than offset the labor cost associated with a higher mix of more labor intensive delivery transactions.

"Our Wendy s business continued to benefit from the 4 for $4 promotion that was introduced in the fourth quarter of 2015. The brand introduced its Deliciously Different campaign to refocus consumers on its core menu while continuing to balance value with a quality message. We continued to experience strong margin expansion through optimized labor performance and lower ingredient costs.

"Overall it was a strong quarter for the Company with both brands driving top-line growth in a favorable commodity environment. We continue to expect favorable commodity prices for the full year benefitting both brands. In addition to strong financial results, our restaurant teams also had an excellent quarter improving customer metrics over the prior year, which contributed to our positive top line results. 

The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NPC Restaurant Holdings, LLC ("Parent"), which has guaranteed the Company's 10.50% Senior Notes due 2020. As a result of its guaranty, Parent is required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission which include consolidated financial statements of Parent and its subsidiaries (including the Company). Parent's only material asset is all of the stock of the Company. The quarterly financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for Parent and the Company on a consolidated basis are set forth in Parent's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2016 which can be accessed at www.sec.gov.

CONFERENCE CALL INFORMATION:

The Company s first quarter earnings conference call will be held Monday, May 16, 2016 at 9:00 am CT (10:00 am ET). In addition to a discussion of first quarter results, the presentation may also include discussion of Company developments, forward-looking information and other material information about business and financial matters, including a discussion of the Asset Partner Plan that the Company has entered into with Pizza Hut. You can access this call by dialing 888-391-6937. The international number is 716-247-5763. The access code for the call is 97456519. The Company also intends to include a live presentation available via webcast, which can be accessed through the Company s website at www.npcinternational.com under Events and Presentations in the investor information.

For those unable to participate live, a replay of the call will be available until May 23, 2016 by dialing 855-859-2056 or by dialing international at 404-537-3406. The conference ID for the replay is 97456519. An archived webcast with the accompanying slides will also be available on the Company s website.

NPC International, Inc. is the world s largest Pizza Hut franchisee and currently operates 1,241 Pizza Hut units in 27 states and 146 Wendy s units in 5 states.

For more complete information regarding the Company s financial position and results of operations, investors are encouraged to review the Parent s financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in the Parent s Form 10-Q which can be accessed at www.sec.gov.

Read More 
2016-06-06
Twitter Inc (TWTR) and Yahoo! Inc. Reportedly Held Talks for Merger Published By: Ken Bock on June 6, 2016 08:58 am EST

Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) reportedly held talks for a merger with Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) but that isn t the biggest news; Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey didn t even show up for the first meeting for the merger discussion.

Yahoo! was put up for sale back in April of this year after four years of hard sweat put in by CEO, Marissa Mayer. Tumblr remains the company s only major business which it could count as relevant today, which is the reason that the  For Sale  sign was slapped on the company. After trying and failing to maintain the relevancy and revenues that the company commanded in the 90s, Yahoo! was put in the shop window.

A valuation of $2 billion to $3 billion is being talked of currently, way behind the expected takeover bid according to sources. Verizon remains in the driver s seat for any acquisition - that is if Twitter does not manage to get itself a deal. But there is also news on that front; accompanied with Jack Dorsey s rumored absence from the merger meeting were the claims that Twitter has withdrawn any bid that it put in or was considering putting in. No reports of an exact or tentative figure for the takeover have been spotted anywhere, though.

Twitter itself is not a company smoothly navigating the tides, as changes after changes are implemented in the hope that something will click in place somewhere which will result in the masses and the hordes turning to Twitter for all their social media and every day news needs. Still, the idea of a merger between the two companies does not seem completely far-fetched.

Twitter recently switched to a News app in the iOS App Store from a social network app and according to sources, Twitter feels that Yahoo! has  a lot of eyeballs  out there. Twitter remains a major source of news in today s world and a merger with Yahoo! could provide a much-needed boost to the system. But it seems we will never know what could have happened from this convenient marriage of two fellow strugglers. 
2016-09-14
Yahoo! Inc Wins Trademark Lawsuit Against Indian Firm AFPL By: Vidushi Sahani

The Delhi High Court has issued orders restraining Indian firm M/s Apricot Foods Pvt. Ltd (AFPL) an, from using the YAHOO! trademark or any other deceptively similar mark as part of their product name. The court held that the said infringement has the potential of diluting the YAHOO! trademark and tarnishing the reputation attached to it.

The US-based Yahoo! Inc. had filed a suit against AFPL, director Sanjay Patel and distributors Shri Jee Traders for allegedly naming their merchandise as  Yahoo Masala Chakra  and  Yahoo Tomato Tangy . The petitioners claimed that it violated their right. The Yahoo Inc., however, withdrew charges against Shri Jee Traders after given an undertaking that they were not dealing in products with the trademark. Counsel for YAHOO! informed the court that AFPL, with their prime brands being  Everest  and  e-Vita , were manufacturing the products under the alleged brand name. The petitioners informed that they learnt of the alleged infringement only in April 2014.

The internet giant sought permanent injunction restraining its use by the defendant.

Its counsel established the fact that fame, repute and renown of the YAHOO! trademark is not confined to any one class or type of goods and services, and goes beyond computers and Internet. Given its huge popularity and goodwill associated with the trademark, YAHOO! was identifiable as originating exclusively from the petitioners. Yahoo! further stated that multi-class trademark registration, including snack foods, snack mixer, snack bar, pretzels, tortilla chips etc., establishes infringement of their trademark.

It was also pointed out that their email address on the visiting card is apricotfoods@yahoo.com which further establishes their knowledge of the brand.

The court ruled that using the trademark as  prominent part of the name of their product and such use of the YAHOO! trademark is a violation of the plaintiff s trademark and amounts to infringement .

Justice S. Muralidhar said:  It is proven that that defendants have adopted the plaintiff s trademark as the name of their product in order to piggyback on the reputation of the plaintiff and the its trademark, and that such adoption of the trademark YAHOO! for AFPL s snack items is undoubtedly dishonest. 

He added:  The continuous infringement by defendants 1 and 2 of the plaintiff s well-known trademark has the potential of diluting the trademark YAHOO! and tarnishing the reputation attached to the said trademark. It is bound to cause confusion amongst the public, causing them to believe that AFPL is associated with the Plaintiff, which is not. 

The court decreed in favour of YAHOO! Inc and ordered that Rs 32 lakh be paid towards damages and Ra 6.44 lakh as cost, and restrained  defendant No 1 & 2, their principal officers, servants and agents, group/sister concerns/companies from manufacturing, selling, offering for sale, distributing products or offering services, advertising, including on the Internet and in any other manner, from using the trademark or any other deceptively similar mark as part of their product name etc. amounting to infringement of the plaintiff s registered trademarks .

Read the Judgment here. Ominto, Inc. Announces Strategic Relationship with Quant Systems, Inc. BOCA RATON, Fla. & IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Ominto, Inc. (OTC PK: OMNT), a global leader in online Cash Back shopping, today announced that it has entered into a strategic relationship with Quant Systems, Inc.

Quant Systems, Inc. is an advisory and IT solutions firm providing cutting-edge technology applications that improve and empower businesses. Quant Systems  comprehensive services include technical consulting, software implementation and re-engineering, big data and analytics, cloud infrastructure, mobile strategy and robotics. Current and former Quant Systems clients include Starbucks, Southwest Airlines, JP Morgan Chase, Citibank and IBM.

Under terms of the agreement, Ominto will receive shares representing 19.5% of Quant Systems in exchange for approximately 1.4 million shares of Ominto s common stock outstanding.

Michael Hansen, Chief Executive Officer of Ominto, Inc., stated,  This strategic collaboration aligns Ominto with a strong IT solutions partner who is known for innovative software development and emerging technologies. Quant is a world-class technology specialist and we are honored to have the confidence of such an esteemed firm working with us. 

Srinivas Veeravelli, Chief Executive Officer of Quant Systems, Inc. stated,  After completing our due diligence, the evidence is clear. We have tremendous confidence in Ominto s future potential and are excited about participating in the company s growth more formally through this strategic relationship. 

Michael Hansen, continued,  Working in conjunction with Ominto s internal global IT development team, the Quant relationship provides a valuable global collaboration opportunity. Combining Ominto s business model with Quant s technology proficiency allows us to deliver a world-class Cash Back experience, on a global basis, for the benefit of our Partner Program relationships and our shopping customers. 

For more information, please visit Ominto's corporate website http://inc.ominto.com.

About Ominto, Inc.

Ominto, Inc. is a global e-commerce leader and pioneer of online Cash Back shopping delivering value-based shopping and travel deals through its primary shopping platform and affiliated Partner Program websites. At DubLi.com or at Partner sites powered by Ominto.com, consumers shop at their favorite stores, save with the best coupons and deals, and earn Cash Back with each purchase. The Ominto.com platform features thousands of brand name stores and industry-leading travel companies from around the world, providing Cash Back savings to consumers in more than 120 countries. Ominto Partner Programs offer a white label version of the Ominto.com shopping and travel platform to businesses and non-profits, providing them with a professional, reliable web presence that builds brand loyalty with their members, customers or constituents while earning commission for the organization and Cash Back for shoppers on each transaction.

About Quant Systems, Inc.

Irving, Texas-based, Quant Systems, Inc. is a leading solution provider of rapid development and deployment of software solutions and various IT applications. Combining proven expertise and strong understand of emerging technologies, they deliver end-to-end solutions that solve their clients technology needs. Their focus is enabling companies of all sizes to have state-of-the-art technology solutions once reserved only for big companies. Quant systems is committed to providing management, consulting and systems integration that will bring their clients to the forefront of business evolution. Quant is invested in joint ventures, partnerships and strategic alliances with not only established software/hardware vendors but also emerging companies and start-ups.

Forward-looking Statements

This document contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding Ominto's strategy, future operations, future financial positions, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "to," "plan," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "would," "estimate," "target" or "continue" and similar expressions (or the negative of these terms) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward statements include, among other things, statements about management's estimates regarding future revenues and financial performance and other statements about management's beliefs, intentions or goals. Ominto may not actually achieve the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on Ominto's forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: our ability to successfully obtain consumer and/or market acceptance of our membership Cash Back program; the ability to attract customers who purchase through our website; our ability to obtain additional funding and/or generate sufficient working capital to fund our operations; the ability to establish and/or maintain a large growing base of productive business associates; the ability to develop and/or maintain our growing Partner programs; the ability to obtain and maintain digital coupon content on our website; the risks related to Ominto's ability to manage its growth, including accurately planning and forecasting its financial results; the competitive environment for Ominto's business; Ominto's ability to protect consumer data and our intellectual property; the ability to adapt to mobile and technological change; the need to manage regulatory, tax and litigations risk; Ominto's ability to manage international business uncertainties; along with other risks and potential factors that could affect Ominto's business and financial results identified in Ominto's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160914005917/en/ Christian Leone Trims Exposure to Top Picks, Buys Apple, Sells Yahoo New York-based Luxor Capital Group, managed by Christian Leone, is a fund with a balance structure, which has an equity portfolio worth $3.79 billion as of June 30. The fund mostly invests in equity and fixed income investments across the world and it uses a value-based approach, but also has a knack of picking distressed companies at cheaper price. Let s take a closer look at Luxor s top picks at the end of June, as well as a couple of significant moves the fund made during the second quarter.

More specifically, the stocks that we are going to discuss are GrubHub Inc (NYSE:GRUB), IAC/InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ:IAC), BJ s Restaurants, Inc. (NASDAQ:BJRI), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

We believe that imitating hedge funds and other large institutional investors can be helpful in identifying stocks capable of outperforming the broader market. Through extensive research that covered portfolios of several hundred large investors between 1999 and 2012, we determined that following the small-cap stocks that large money managers are collectively bullish on, can generate monthly returns nearly 1.0 percentage points above the market (see more details here).

GrubHub Inc (NYSE:GRUB)

  Shares Owned by Luxor Capital Group (as of June 30): 4.54 million

  Value of Luxor Capital Group s holding (as of June 30): $141.07 million

Luxor Capital Group reduced its stake in online and mobile food ordering company GrubHub Inc (NYSE:GRUB) to 4.54 million shares from 5.58 million shares during the second quarter. Last month, GrubHub Inc (NYSE:GRUB) s Seamless platform started turnkey delivery service in Manhattan. Diners are excited as they will be able to get quality food, wide choice, lower fees, and transparency, while hotels are getting more business and higher reach which should be a win-win situation. Among the funds we track, 25 funds have long position in GrubHub Inc (NYSE:GRUB) worth $992.28 million in aggregate as of the end of June.

Follow Grubhub Inc. (NYSE:GRUB) Follow Grubhub Inc. (NYSE:GRUB) Trade (NYSE:GRUB) Now!

IAC/InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ:IAC)

  Shares Owned by Luxor Capital Group (as of June 30): 2.02 million

  Value of Luxor Capital Group s holding (as of June 30): $113.70 million

Luxor Capital Group s second top pick IAC/InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ:IAC), in which the fund reduced its holding by 1.04 million shares to 2.02 million shares worth $113.70 million. For the second quarter, IAC/InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ:IAC) reported revenue of $745.4 million, missing estimates by $2.51 million, while EPS of $0.42 per share was below analysts  expectations of $0.34 per share. Match Group, HomeAdvisor, and Video saw revenues increase by 21%, 38%, and 16% on the year to $301.1 million, $130.2 million, and $47.3 million, respectively, while Publishing and Applications segments registered 45% and 25% drop in revenues to $85.3 million and $143.2 million, respectively. Out of the total funds tracked by our team, 35 funds were long in IAC/InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ:IAC) at the end of June, down from 36 a quarter earlier. GE Digital Acquires Meridium, Inc., to Accelerate Delivery of Comprehensive ... SAN RAMON, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

GE Digital (GE) today announced it has acquired Meridium, Inc., a global leader in asset performance management (APM) software and services for asset-intensive industries. As an established Industrial Internet leader, this acquisition will help GE Digital accelerate its comprehensive APM offering and provide a solution to customers that unifies real-time analytics with reliability-centered maintenance best practices, delivering a complete APM solution. Meridium customers will gain access to GE s deep domain expertise in real-time data management and advanced industrial analytics.

In July 2014, GE made an initial investment in Meridium for a 26 percent stake in the company. The total acquisition, inclusive of the original investment, was executed for an enterprise value of $495 million.

Leveraging the Predix platform, GE s APM offering helps deliver on the promise of the Industrial Internet by enabling industrial companies to maximize the reliability and availability of their industrial assets, while minimizing operational cost and risk. APM powered by Predix combines GE s broad expertise in advanced asset-centric analytics, industrial software and value-added services to offer a unique and complete solution, helping customers deliver targeted asset uptime and performance.

The addition of Meridium s enterprise software solutions brings additional capabilities and processes focused on asset-centric industries   such as oil & gas, power and chemicals   that complement GE s existing offerings. The combination of the companies  technologies helps strengthen the connection between real-time asset performance and reliability-centered maintenance strategies and work processes.

 As we forge ahead in the Industrial Internet journey, APM is clearly the first application that can leverage the Predix platform to help industrial customers benefit from increased productivity,  said Bill Ruh, CEO, GE Digital.  With Meridium joining the GE Digital family, we can immediately complement our existing portfolio with the Meridium expertise in cognitive analytics, reliability centered maintenance, operational risk management and asset health, as well as intelligent asset strategies. Meridium also has a mature software development culture, which will help us enhance our bench of deep technology talent. 

 This move gives Meridium access to GE s substantial industrial portfolio   and provides a deeper connection to core industrial businesses and GE s depth of domain expertise in the Industrial Internet,  said Bonz Hart, Founder and CEO, Meridium.  We are excited to join GE Digital and expand Meridium s capabilities into more industries. 

After GE s initial investment in Meridium, this acquisition is a natural step in the relationship. As a key area GE Digital plans to expand rapidly on Predix, Meridium s APM products are already integrated into the Predix platform. The transaction is complete.

ABOUT GE DIGITAL

GE Digital connects streams of machine data to powerful analytics, providing Industrial companies with valuable insights to manage assets and operations more efficiently. World-class talent and software capabilities driving big gains in productivity, availability and longevity. For more information, visit the website at www.ge.com/digital.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160914006189/en/ Cataca Resources to Change Name to FlitWays Technology Inc. CULVER CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Sep 14, 2016) - Cataca Resources, Inc. ("Cataca Resources" or the "Company") ( OTC PINK : CATQ ) announced today it will change its corporate name to FlitWays Technology, Inc. This name change is in accordance with meeting certain terms and conditions of its agreement to acquire 100% of FlitWays Technology Inc. ("FlitWays Technology"), a Los Angeles-based ground travel booking and scheduling company.

The Company expects to file the required FlitWays Technology, Inc. name change documentation with the Secretary of State of Nevada over the next few days. Once completed with the state of Nevada, the Company will apply for a name change and new trading symbol with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). The Company expects this regulatory approval process could take up to two (or more) weeks to complete.

FlitWays is a ground travel booking and scheduling company revolutionizing the way travelers access rides through a reliable internally developed network of providers and state-of-the-art proprietary technology. FlitWays is available in all major US cities, including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston, New York, Chicago, San Diego, Miami, Orlando, Las Vegas, Honolulu, Washington DC, Seattle, Austin, Dallas, Houston, Tampa, Nashville, New Orleans and many more. For additional information regarding FlitWays Technology, Inc., visit www.FlitWays.com.

The closing of the Company's acquisition of FlitWays Technology is subject to certain customary terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, the satisfactory completion of an ongoing audit of FlitWays Technology.

Additional information regarding Cataca Resources and the proposed FlitWays Technology acquisition can be found in the Company's most recent filings with SEC atwww.sec.gov and further Company press releases.

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3055876

 
2016-09-27
3D Signatures Inc. Appoints Jason Flowerday as New CEO WINNIPEG, MB--(Marketwired - September 27, 2016) - 3D Signatures Inc. (TSX VENTURE: DXD) (the "Company" or "3D"), a novel personalized medicine company with a proprietary software platform based on the three-dimensional analysis of a patient's individual chromosomal arrangement -- or signature -- is pleased to announce they have appointed Jason Flowerday, B.Sc., MBA as the Company's new CEO.

Mr. Flowerday has extensive life sciences leadership experience including over a decade of business development and marketing work for two of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Germany's Bayer AG and US-based Johnson and Johnson. Other notable positions include executive leadership and entrepreneurial roles with Knight Therapeutics and Pro Bono Bio Inc. Mr. Flowerday was also co-founder and co-owner of both Orphan Canada and RxMedia Healthcare Communications. He is an independent Director of Aequus Pharmaceuticals.

"I am honoured to be part of such a talented and dedicated team," said Mr. Flowerday. "We are committed to changing the way patients are diagnosed and treated and are confident 3D Signatures' proprietary software platform will be instrumental in improving patient outcomes."

"Mr. Flowerday is a highly respected biotech entrepreneur with over twenty years of executive life sciences management and startup experience. He has the entrepreneurial and management skills we need to drive us to commercialization," commented John Swift, Chairman. "His pharmaceutical background is also ideally suited to pursue new business opportunities in the field of precision medicine and companion diagnostics."

3D Signatures' former CEO, Ferenc Somogyvari, will remain on the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Somogyvari has been a crucial part of the Company's progress to date and his broad management and technical experience will continue to generate value for shareholders.

The Company is also pleased to announce it has engaged Torera Inc. ("Torera") as its marketing communications partner. Under the terms of the agreement, 3D will pay Torera a monthly fee of $6,000 for strategic communications, design services and investor relations management. The initial six-month contract is subject to review and renewal under the terms of the agreement. Neither Torera, nor any of its principals, have an ownership interest, directly or indirectly in 3D or its securities, and 3D has not granted Torera or its principals any right to acquire any such interests. 3D and Torera are at arm's length and the agreement is subject to the approval of the TSX Venture Exchange ("TSX-V").

About 3D Signatures Inc.

3D Signatures Inc. is a personalized medicine company with a proprietary software platform based on the three-dimensional analysis of telomere organization. The technology is well developed and supported by 16 clinical studies on over 1,500 patients on 13 different cancers and Alzheimer's disease. Depending on the application, the technology can measure the stage of disease, rate of progression of disease, drug efficacy, and drug toxicity. The technology is designed to predict the course of disease and to personalize treatment for the individual patient. For more information, visit the Company's new website at www.3dsignatures.com.

About Torera Inc.

Torera is a boutique marketing communications firm dedicated to transforming the way public companies engage with shareholders. They counsel clients on how to rebrand and position their companies for increased visibility, liquidity and ultimately fair market value. To contact Torera, visit www.torera.ca

Forward-Looking Information

This news release contains forward-looking information based on current expectations. Statements with respect to objectives and priorities for the remainder of 2016 and beyond, strategies or future actions, receipt of TSX-V approval, research and development, product development, and the effectiveness of the technology, among others, are all forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements consist of statements that are not purely historical, including any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Such information can generally be identified by the use of forwarding looking wording such as "may", "expect", "estimate", "anticipate", "intend", "believe" and "continue" or the negative thereof or similar variations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which they are based will occur. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, that contribute to the possibility that the predictions, estimates, forecasts, projections and other forward looking statements will not occur. These assumptions, risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the state of the economy in general and capital markets in particular, and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Risk factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by forward-looking information include, among other things: market demand; technological changes that could impact the Company's existing products or the Company's ability to develop and commercialize future products; competition; existing governmental legislation and regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, governmental legislation and regulations; the ability to manage operating expenses, which may adversely affect the Company's financial condition; the Company's ability to successfully maintain and enforce its intellectual property rights and defend third-party claims of infringement of their intellectual property rights; adverse results or unexpected delays in clinical trials; changes in laws, general economic and business conditions; and changes in the regulatory regime. The Company cautions the reader that the above list of risk factors is not exhaustive. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include, litigation, global economic climate, loss of key employees and consultants, additional funding requirements, changes in laws, technology failures, competition, and failure of counterparties to perform their contractual obligations. Forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. These statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. These statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those implied by such statements. The Company assumes no responsibility to update or revise forward-looking information to reflect new events or circumstances unless required by law.

Read More Veritec, Inc. Signs Non-Binding Letter of Intent to Purchase Bank MINNEAPOLIS, MN / ACCESSWIRE / September 27, 2016 / Veritec, Inc. (the "Veritec") (VRTC), -- today announced that it has entered into a Non-Binding Letter of Intent ("LOI") to acquire all of Flathead Bancorporation, Inc.'s ("FB") issued and outstanding shares. FB is the majority owner of First Citizens Bank of Polson, Montana ("Citizens Bank").

Van Tran, Chief Executive Officer of Veritec, stated, "Veritec and its subsidiaries offer a complete line of secure verification and financial products including prepaid debit cards, mobile banking applications and secure payment systems. In the past, our ability to continually provide our products and services has been dependent on our finding and retaining a sponsoring bank, which has been difficult. With this acquisition, we remove that dependency and control our ability to continually provide our products to our customers without disruption. We also believe our vertical acquisition of FB will make our cutting-edge mobile banking and payment products the most efficient and cost-effective in the industry. Veritec anticipates that it will license its proprietary blinxpay  App and blinx On-Off  Visa Prepaid Debit Card technology and secure payment systems to Citizens Bank."

Under the proposed terms of the LOI, Veritec would acquire 9.9 percent of FB's issued and outstanding shares for $320,000 at the closing date. Veritec intends to purchase the remaining 90.1 percent of FB's outstanding common shares within three years of the closing date for $2,880,000. The total purchase price for FB's outstanding common shares (including the 9.9 percent discussed above) would be $3,200,000.

Veritec would also provide loans to FB to be used for capital purposes of $280,000 at the closing date, $500,000 on or before January 31, 2017 and $400,000 on or before April 1, 2017, for a total of $1,180,000. The loans would mature in five years, require annual interest only payments at interest rates to be determined and be secured by 38% of FB outstanding common stock.

Citizens Bank president, Rick Skates, will continue to oversee the Bank's operations and will be responsible for the integration of Veritec's proprietary technology into its operations.

In order for the Company to successfully complete the purchase of FB, amongst other items, the Company is currently seeking regulatory approval from applicable banking authorities and plans to raise funds from investors by issuing its common shares, debt, or both.

About Veritec, Inc.

Since 1982, Veritec, Inc. has been dedicated to providing businesses with secure technological solutions. Over the last 34 years, Veritec has grown to include two subsidiaries, Veritec Financial Systems, Inc. and Tangible Payments. Veritec and its subsidiaries offer a complete line of secure verification and financial products including prepaid debit cards, mobile banking applications and secure payment systems. For more information, please visit (www.veritecinc.com, www.vtfs.com; www.blinxprepaid.com; www.blinxpay.com).

Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon our current expectations and speak only as of the date hereof. Our actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors and uncertainties affecting technology companies, our ability to successfully develop products, rapid technological change in our markets, changes in demand for our future products, legislative, regulatory and competitive developments and general economic conditions. Our SEC filings discuss some of the important risk factors that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason unless otherwise required to do so by SEC Regulations.

Contact:

Van Tran

612-991-7928

SOURCE: Veritec, Inc. 
2016-06-09
Call Players Eye Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) on News of $5 Billion Bids Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is higher today on news that bids for the company's core business are coming in at or above $5 billion

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is getting a boost today, up 0.7% at $37.21, on reports that the company has received multiple bids at or above $5 billion for its core business. This should come as good news to shareholders, who were disappointed by late-May reports that bids were expected to fall in the $2-$3 billion range. But with a final round of bidding to begin next week, it's still anybody's guess as to what the final sale price, or assets included in the sale, will be. Meanwhile, the stock's options pits are busy, as speculators weigh in on the news.

Specifically, YHOO calls are changing hands at roughly 1.3 times their expected intraday rate. Calls also account for nine of the stock's 10 most active options, though some of the action may be coming from traders closing out their positions. This includes the June 40 call, which is YHOO's most popular strike, with more than 4,100 contracts on the tape.

Also active are the stock's July 40 and weekly 6/10 38-strike calls. Buy-to-open action is likely transpiring on both options, suggesting short-term traders expect more upside from YHOO through the respective expiration dates.

That said, traders may want to be cautious about making big bets on a YHOO breakout. Though the stock has added more than 12% year-to-date, it has been stuck between the $36 and $38 levels since late March, as the future of the company hangs in the balance. Nonetheless, the overall sentiment picture is relatively bullish.

Of the 26 analysts providing coverage on the stock, 18 maintain a "buy" or better rating, without a single "sell" on the books. And short sellers have been abandoning their positions recently, with short interest on YHOO falling by 22% during the last two reporting periods.

In the options pits, optimism also prevails, as calls have been bought to open at nearly four times the rate of puts in recent months. In fact, the stock's 50-day call/put volume ratio across the ISE, Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) sits higher than three-fourths of the past year's reading, at 3.63. Likewise, Yahoo! Inc.'s (NASDAQ:YHOO) Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) of 0.26 -- in just the 6th percentile of its annual range -- shows that near-term traders are near a call-skewed extreme. Yahoo Stock Up After Setting Asset Sale Deadline (YHOO, VZ) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) rose as much as 1.52% on Wednesday, reaching a high of $37.29 following a report by The Wall Street Journal stating that the embattled technology company had begun an auction for roughly 3,000 patents and pending patent applications. Yahoo says the bids are due by mid-June.

Not Your Typical Fire Sale

"This represents a unique opportunity for companies operating in the internet industry to acquire some of the most pioneering and foundational patents related to web search and advertising," a Yahoo! spokeswoman said, according to the Journal.

Sources also told the Journal that Yahoo!'s patent portfolio, which includes patents related to the company's original search technology, could fetch for more than $1 billion. The patent sale is taking place at the same time the Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company is trying to sell its core Internet business. (See also: How Much is Yahoo Really Worth?)

Yahoo! says it hasn't set a minimum bid for the patent portfolio that it calls "Excalibur." But says it intends to retain about 2,000 other patents that have been issued or awaiting approval in the U.S. and abroad. The preliminary bids for the auction are being handled by Black Stone IP.

Separately, on Wednesday, Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ), which is still seen as the frontrunner to win the auction for Yahoo!'s core business, put a bid for $3 billion for parts of the business. The bid by the wireless telecom giant, which is below the $4.4 billion that it paid to acquire AOL last year, excludes several valuable Yahoo! patents such as real estate, the Journal added.

Verizon is one of several other names that are interested in buying Yahoo's internet operations. The list includes a group led by Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert with financial backing from billionaire investor Warren Buffett. Private-equity firm TPG is also interested. (See also: Buffett Bids on Yahoo.)  

The Bottom Line

Yahoo! stock closed Wednesday at $36.97. The stock has risen 11.15% so far in 2016, compared with a 3.68% rise in the S&P 500 (SPX) index. Over the past twelve months, the shares have declined 12%, while the S&P 500 index has risen 1.92%. YHOO stock has a consensus hold rating and an average analyst 12-month price target of $40, implying an 8% rise from current levels. Yahoo receives multiple bids for core biz at or above $5 billion - CNBC, citing sources  
2016-12-09
Yahoo Data Breach Cases Consolidated Before Judge Koh Yahoo Data Breach Cases Consolidated Before Judge Koh

Law360, New York (December 8, 2016, 10:04 PM EST) -- A judicial panel has consolidated five putative class actions over a 2014 Yahoo Inc. security breach in which hackers lifted the names, passwords and other account data of at least 500 million users, putting the multidistrict litigation under the purview of the Northern District of California's Judge Lucy Koh.



The cases, of which three were filed in the Northern District of California, one in the state s Southern District and another in the Southern District of Illinois, all seek to represent current or past Yahoo account holders...

To view the full article, register now. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) App "Yahoo Answers Now" Available for Free on iOS & Android Published By: Ken Bock on December 9, 2016 10:39 am EST

Recently, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) silently rolled out its native mobile app Yahoo Answers Now. Initially, the app was available to users with an invite-only option, but now it s officially publicized for users on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Android or Apple Inc. (AAPL) iOS.

For those of you who don t know already, Yahoo Answers has had a ripe era on the Internet, and is considered as one of the best Q&A websites. In the US, each month, Yahoo Answers has fascinated over 3.1 million users. Recently, the Sunnyvale-based company rolled out a mobile version of its famous Q&A website in an attempt to contest rivals like Jelly and Quora.

In a blog post, the company explained the app s goals, which will help aid users in receiving  quality answers  to the queries. The mobile version of the Q&A site, Yahoo Answers Now, proposes a range of features users are already accustomed to. This makes navigating through the app and its usage much easier and similar. The only difference will be the screen size, as users will have to now use it on their smartphones instead of the desktop.

To solve your queries or answer your questions, Yahoo Answers Now will take you directly to  qualified responders.  Moreover, users can also follow other members of Yahoo Answers, and thank users who have provided you with the most certain and correct answer. Users can add, track, and answer questions posted by the massive online community.

The key feature of the mobile version of Yahoo Answers also supports notifications to iOS and Android users, making certain that users are instantaneously alerted when their questions are answered. As noted by the company:

Matching : When you ask a question, we route it to qualified responders who have the experiences and expertise to provide a high quality answer.

: When you ask a question, we route it to qualified responders who have the experiences and expertise to provide a high quality answer. Following : Gone are the days of having to manually remember user profiles. Follow users you respect to easily stay connected.

: Gone are the days of having to manually remember user profiles. Follow users you respect to easily stay connected. Give thanks : Use the  thank you  and emoji buttons to express appreciation.

: Use the  thank you  and emoji buttons to express appreciation. Rich media : Craft awesome answers with a wider assortment of media, including images and links.

: Craft awesome answers with a wider assortment of media, including images and links. Blazingly fast: Get notified immediately when someone answers your question or thanks you for a great answer.

You can download Yahoo Answer for free on the App Store or the Play Store. Who wants a piece of the Time Inc. empire? It s been an eventful few years at 94-year-old legacy media giant Time Inc., marked by five CEOs in the past five years, and a nine-month period in 2011 with no CEO. In July, the publisher reorganized its magazine brands into four editorial groups. This month, it reorganized on the digital side, breaking down walls to create a  shared digital newsroom  with 10 cross-title desks.

Now Time Inc. (TIME) has hired Morgan Stanley and Bank of America to  help field takeover or partnership interest,  the Wall Street Journal reports. Time Inc shared popped 10% on the news.

This news comes after the company rejected a takeover offer of $18 per share ($1.8 billion at the time) last month from Edgar Bronfman and other billionaires associated with Warner Music Group, according to the New York Post.

And earlier this week came additional reports that Hearst is interested in buying some Time Inc. titles piecemeal (Cooking Light, InStyle, and Real Simple, in particular), and that Meredith Corp. is interested in bidding for the full company.

It sure looks like the company could be up for sale, though not officially. A spokesperson says that Time Inc.  does not comment on speculation about such matters.  At the very least, Time Inc. appears to be actively considering offers.

So: Who might want to bid?

Then-CEO Joe Ripp at Time Inc public offering at the NYSE. (Reuters) More

Time Inc. owns 100 magazine brands, with the best-known being People, Sports Illustrated, Time, Fortune, Money, InStyle, Entertainment Weekly, Travel + Leisure, Food & Wine, Essence, and Real Simple. But the company has struggled to grow since spinning off from parent Time Warner two years ago into its own public entity. The stock was down 19% so far this year until it jumped last month on news of the Bronfman offer; it s down 18% since it went public. In its 2016 third-quarter earnings report, a rise in digital ad sales was offset by continuing revenue declines in print and subscriptions; it cut its forecast for the year.

Despite its problems, many of Time Inc. s magazine titles are globally respected brands with rich history. Time, Fortune, People and Sports Illustrated consistently get access to the biggest names in their coverage area.

In its effort to court digital advertisers and evolve from its reputation as a print dinosaur, Time Inc. has made a number of quirky acquisitions in the last two years, buying Zooey Deschanel s lifestyle site Hello Giggles, MySpace parent company Viant, and sports blog FanSided, as well as launching a breakfast website called Extra Crispy.

Different properties at Time Inc. could interest different buyers. But the company may not wish to split up its titles and sell them a la carte.

That s what interests Hearst, according to reports buying some of the magazine titles, but not the whole company. And that s what interested Meredith three years ago, before Time Inc. spun off, when Time Warner came very close to a deal to sell the Time Inc. magazines to Meredith., which owns more than 20 magazines and 15 television stations. The problem: the Iowa-based publisher of titles like Family Circle and Better Homes and Gardens wanted to buy softer titles like InStyle and Real Simple (the same titles Hearst reportedly wants) but not the hard news brands Time, Fortune and Sports Illustrated.

The deal fell through and Time Inc. soldiered out on its own. Now Meredith may be sniffing around again, according to the New York Post, which reports that insiders say Meredith is preparing its own bid. It s unclear if that bid would be for the full company or just some of the magazine titles, but it would be ironic if Meredith ends up getting what it wanted in 2013, three years later.

There s a long history between Time Inc. and Meredith. In 2011, after the departure of CEO Ann Moore, Time Inc. hired Meredith executive Jack Griffin to be its new chief. He lasted less than six months, and for most of 2011 there was no CEO, as Time Inc. undertook a nine-month search. The next CEO, Laura Lang, lasted 15 months. Her replacement, Joe Ripp (a past Time Warner exec) steered the company through its spinoff and stepped down in September, succeeded by new CEO Rich Battista.

Read More 
2016-11-23
Is Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) a Good Stock to Invest in? After a lengthy stretch of outperformance, small-cap stocks suffered from July 2015 through June 2016, as heightened global economic fears led investors to flee to the safe havens of large-cap stocks and other instruments. Those stocks outperformed small-caps by about 10 percentage points during that time, with small-cap healthcare stocks being particularly hard hit. However, the tide has since turned in a big way, as evidenced by small-caps toppling their large-cap peers by 6 percentage points in the third quarter, and by another 4 percentage points in the first seven weeks of the fourth quarter. In this article, we ll analyze how this shift affected hedge funds  Q3 trading of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and see how the stock is affected by the recent hedge fund activity.

Is Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ready to rally soon? Prominent investors are in an optimistic mood. The number of bullish hedge fund positions went up by 9 in recent months. YHOO was in 90 hedge funds  portfolios at the end of the third quarter of 2016. There were 81 hedge funds in our database with YHOO positions at the end of the previous quarter. At the end of this article we will also compare YHOO to other stocks including T MOBILE US INC (NYSE:TMUS), Mizuho Financial Group Inc. (ADR) (NYSE:MFG), and The Kroger Co. (NYSE:KR) to get a better sense of its popularity.

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

Our strategy identifies the 100 best-performing funds of the previous quarter from among the collection of 700+ successful funds that we track in our database, which we accomplish using our returns methodology. We then study the portfolios of those 100 funds using the latest 13F data to uncover the 30 most popular mid-cap stocks (market caps of between $1 billion and $10 billion) among them to hold until the next filing period. This strategy delivered 18% gains over the past 12 months, more than doubling the 8% returns enjoyed by the S&P 500 ETFs.

Keeping this in mind, let s review the new action encompassing Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

How are hedge funds trading Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)?

At the end of September, 90 funds tracked by Insider Monkey were bullish on this stock, a change of 11% from the second quarter of 2016. With hedgies  sentiment swirling, there exists a few key hedge fund managers who were increasing their stakes meaningfully (or already accumulated large positions).

According to publicly available hedge fund and institutional investor holdings data compiled by Insider Monkey, Canyon Capital Advisors, managed by Joshua Friedman and Mitchell Julis, holds the most valuable position in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Canyon Capital Advisors has a $896.6 million position in the stock, comprising 32.6% of its 13F portfolio. The second largest stake is held by Owl Creek Asset Management, led by Jeffrey Altman, holding a $679.7 million position; the fund has 29.4% of its 13F portfolio invested in the stock. Remaining peers with similar optimism encompass David Costen Haley s HBK Investments, Jeffrey Smith s Starboard Value LP and David Cohen and Harold Levy s Iridian Asset Management. Germany court refuses to hear Yahoo case on Internet royalties [JURIST] The German Federal Constitutional Court [official website] said [press release, in German] Wednesday that it cannot hear a case over Internet royalties to news content creators brought by Yahoo, Inc. The suit was filed as a reaction to Germany changing its copyright law in 2013. The new section 87f [statute, in German] of the law gives news content creators the right to compensation from search engines that use more than just short snippets of their content. The new law would mean that all Internet search engines like Yahoo and Google, would either have to restrict the length of the content they use or have to pay the news content creator to use it. The Court ruled [decision, in German] that the the plaintiff, Yahoo Inc, had not exhausted its options to file suit through the regular appellate court system, and therefore the Ccourt could not hear the case. The court did not rule on the substantive issues of the case and Yahoo Inc. is still free to file a civil suit on the issue in the lower courts of Germany.

The large search engines of the Internet have been involved in a number of lawsuits in recent years, trying to define the responsibility and limits of their services online. In 2014 a lawsuit in a US district court [JURIST report] against the Chinese search engine Baidu for blocking political content was dismissed. In 2013 the European Court of Justice released an opinion [JURIST report] stating that Internet search engines were not required to remove harmful content from their search results. The prominent place that search engines have in everyday life now, have made some countries enact laws to regulate them. In June China implemented [JURIST report] a new law regulating how search engines must organize their search results and specifying what illegal content must be reported to the government. Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland has stepped up to probe Yahoo hack Ireland s Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) said it had stepped up its examination of the theft of user information for 500 million Yahoo Inc accounts and that it was awaiting information from Yahoo on allegations it helped the U.S. government scan users  emails.

Yahoo revealed in September that hackers had stolen the data in 2014. U.S. politicians have criticised the delay in notifying customers. In October, sources told Reuters that Yahoo used a software programme to sift through millions of emails for specific information related to national security. Yahoo said there was not yet a formal investigation into the hacking of user data.

 They are not actively investigating,  spokesman Charles Stewart said.  They are examining. There is a distinction for them between examining and investigating,  he added DPC spokeswoman MB Donnelly said the DPC had moved on from its initial steps of making preliminary inquiries to trying to ascertain whether EU laws may have been broken.

 We are in regular contact with Yahoo EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) in clarifying certain facts of this case and will then proceed to take appropriate next steps,  she said in a statement. The DPC is the lead European regulator on privacy issues for Yahoo because the company s European headquarters are in Dublin. Donnelly said the probe of the email scanning programme was at its early stages.

 Regarding the allegations of email scanning, our position remains that we have made initial enquiries with Yahoo and that we are continuing with our preliminary assessment of the matter,  she said in an emailed statement. The DPC declined to say if it had received any information from Yahoo about the incident. Stewart said the DPC had indicated to Yahoo that it was not examining the email scanning programme.

 Based on what I have heard from them and read, they are not, but I can t confirm that,  he told Reuters. The DPC declined to comment on this remark. Yahoo is precluded by law from publishing details of the surveillance order the company had received from the U.S. authorities. Last month the company asked U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to declassify the order so it could provide users with more information.

Reuters

Publish date: November 24, 2016 9:00 am| Modified date: November 24, 2016 9:00 am

data protection commissioner, email, email scanning, hack, Ireland, privacy, Probe, Verizon, Yahoo hack, Yahoo! Tech Stocks To Look Out For: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)  Visual Trading Systems, Inc. Announces New Products & Strategic Hires NEW YORK, November 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --

Mr. Jiri Kubicek, principal investor in Visual Trading Systems, Inc., is pleased to announce a re-structured product line and two key executive hires for the company. Visual Trading Systems is a leading provider of trading platforms and business intelligence analytics for the foreign currency and over-the-counter derivatives trading industry. The company has seen a surge in demand for its existing software and hosted services from the Asia/Pacific region in the last 6 months, and is launching a new platform in Q1 2017.

(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161123/442442LOGO )



Mr. Stephen Leahy, newly appointed CEO of Visual Trading Systems stated, "New regulations & market structure changes create fantastic opportunities for a company like Visual Trading. We have seen dramatic growth of new clients and volumes traded at our existing clients, and increased demand for our offerings from prospective clients. I am looking forward to expanding our footprint and rolling out incredible new features and products in the next months." Also joining the team is Mr. Adam Grandt, as Chief Technology Officer.

Visual Trading Systems' revised product line includes new trading platforms, plus a trader's cabinet & business intelligence analytics. The products are offered independently of one another, and reside on Visual Trading's global datacenter network. "Our products were designed to integrate seamlessly with the major technology platforms used by the foreign currency and over-the-counter derivatives industry." added Mr. Grandt.

The New York-based software and services firm, with development teams in New York & St. Petersburg, Russia, currently serves clients in China, Japan, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe, and London.

Please visit http://www.vtsystems.com for more information on software and services.



Contacts:

Marco Paredes III

mparedes@vtsystems.com

+1-(609)-923-6232

www.vtsystems.com

 
2016-05-15
What to do if hackers hold your computer hostage and demand cash Ransomware can ruin your computer and all of your files.

You re sitting at your computer when you get an email from your local bank saying you were just hit with a charge for a new $1,200 MacBook that you never bought. You click the email and follow the embedded link or download the included receipt to find out what s up.

Just like that, your computer has been infected with ransomware. You can t access your files, and all you can see is a timer counting down the time until hackers delete your computer s drive unless you pay them a fee in iTunes gift cards.

All you can do is scratch your head and wonder what the hell just happened. Well, I m here to explain that to you   and to help you fight back against ransomware criminals.

The most important thing to remember is this: Never, ever pay the ransom.

Ransom?

Let s start with the basics. A particularly nefarious form of malware, ransomware is a piece of software criminals use to lock you out of your computer by encrypting its files and holding them for ransom for a specific dollar amount.

If you don t pay up, you can potentially say goodbye to your photos, tax documents, pay stubs, and any other documents you ve saved throughout the years.

This isn t some idle threat, either. If you don t pay, your documents will disappear or simply stay locked up until you completely reformat your system.

Ransomware programs sometimes require you to pay in Bitcoin, an anonymous currency that can t be tracked.

However, criminals have increasingly begun demanding payment in the form of iTunes or Amazon gift cards, since the average person doesn t know how to use Bitcoin, according to Gary Davis, chief consumer security evangelist at Intel Security.

The amount you have to pay to unlock your computer can vary, with some experts saying criminals will ask for up to $500.

To be clear, ransomware doesn t just target Windows PCs. The malware has been known to impact systems ranging from Android phones and tablets to Linux-based computers and Macs.

Where it comes from

According to Davis, ransomware was actually popular among cybercriminals over a decade ago. But it was far easier to catch the perpetrators back then since anonymous currency like Bitcoin didn t exist yet. Bitcoin helped changed all that by making it nearly impossible to track criminals based on how victims pay them.

Ransomware More

There are multiple types of ransomware out there, according to Chester Wisniewski, a senior security advisor with the computer security company Sophos. Each variation is tied to seven or eight criminal organizations.

Those groups build the software and then sell it on the black market, where other criminals purchase it and then begin using it for their own gains.

How they get you

Ransomware doesn t just pop up on your computer by magic. You actually have to download it. And while you could swear up and down that you d never be tricked into downloading malware, cybercriminals get plenty of people to do just that.

Here s the thing: That email you opened to get ransomware on your computer in the first place was specifically written to get you to believe it was real. That s because criminals use social engineering to craft their messages.

For example, hackers can determine your location and send emails that look like they re from companies based in your country.

 Criminals are looking are looking up information about where you live, so you ll click (emails),  Wisniewski explained to Yahoo Finance.  So if you re in America, you ll see something from Citi Bank, rather than Deutsche Bank, which is in Germany. 

Read More 
2016-12-14
Yahoo says one billion accounts exposed in newly discovered security breach A tattered flag bearing the Yahoo company logo flies above a building in New York, U.S., October 31, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

Yahoo Inc warned on Wednesday that it had uncovered yet another massive cyber attack, saying data from more than 1 billion user accounts was compromised in August 2013, making it the largest breach in history.

The number of affected accounts was double the number implicated in a 2014 breach that the internet company disclosed in September and blamed on hackers working on behalf of a government. News of that attack, which affected at least 500 million accounts, prompted Verizon Communication Inc to say in October that it might withdraw from an agreement to buy Yahoo's core internet business for $4.83 billion.

Following the latest disclosure, Verizon said, "we will review the impact of this new development before reaching any final conclusions."

A Yahoo spokesman told Reuters that the company has been in communication with Verizon during its investigation into the breach and that it is confident the incident will not affect the pending acquisition.

Yahoo required all of its customers to reset their passwords - a stronger measure than it took after the previous breach was discovered, when it only recommended a password reset.

Yahoo also said Wednesday that it believes hackers responsible for the previous breach had also accessed the company s proprietary code to learn how to forge "cookies" that would allow hackers to access an account without a password.

"Yahoo badly screwed up," said Bruce Schneier, a cryptologist and one of the world's most respected security experts. "They weren't taking security seriously and that's now very clear. I would have trouble trusting Yahoo going forward."

Yahoo was tentative in its description of new problems, saying the incident was "likely" distinct from the one it reported in September and that stolen information "may have included" names, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.

It said it had not yet identified the intrusion that led to the massive data theft and noted that payment-card data and bank account information were not stored in the system the company believes was affected.

Yahoo said it discovered the breach while reviewing data provided to the company by law enforcement. FireEye Inc s Mandiant unit and Aon Plc's Stroz Friedberg are assisting in the investigation, the Yahoo spokesman told Reuters.

The breach is the latest setback for Yahoo, an internet pioneer that has fallen on hard times in recent years after being eclipsed by younger, fast-growing rivals including Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc.

Hours before it announced the breach on Wednesday, executives with Google, Facebook and other large U.S. technology companies met with President-elect Donald Trump in New York. Reflecting its diminished stature, Yahoo was not invited to the summit, according to people familiar with the meeting.

The Yahoo spokesman said Chief Executive Marissa Mayer was at the company's Sunnyvale, California headquarters to assist in addressing the new breach.

Yahoo shares were down 2.4 percent to $39.91 in extended trading. Verizon shares were little changed from their close at $51.63.

(Reporting by Jim Finkle in Boston and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington and Jessica Toonkel in New York; Editing by Savio D'Souza, Bernard Orr) Yahoo: 1 billion users affected in newly discovered breach  PolarityTE(TM) Inc. Announces Clinical Advisory Board SOUTH PLAINFIELD, NJ--(Marketwired - Dec 14, 2016) - Following Majesco Entertainment, Inc.'s ( NASDAQ : COOL ) ("Majesco") announcement on 12/8/16 that it had signed a definitive merger agreement with PolarityTE , Inc. ("Polarity") www.polarityte.com, Polarity has revealed the first wave of their World Class Clinical Advisory Board, as Drs. Michael Grant, Stephen Milner, and Anand Kumar. Chairman and CEO, Denver Lough MD, PhD elaborated, "Our goal is to build an entirely new type of regenerative medicine company with PolarityTE . The PolarityTE  Clinical Advisory Board will play a critical role in translating our regenerative technology into pragmatic clinical practice, helping us address the realities of the field on a real-time basis. It is this tangible feedback that allows PolarityTE  technology to evolve quickly under the guidance of thought leaders in reconstructive surgery and regenerative medicine, while permitting our platform to break into new markets and develop new integrative technologies. We are extremely excited to announce the first tier of our world class clinical advisory board" as:

Michael P Grant MD, PhD, FACS

Paul N. Manson Distinguished Professor and Chief

Plastic, Reconstructive and Maxillofacial Surgery

R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center

University of Maryland Medical Center

Stephen Milner MD, DDS, DSc, FRCSE, FACS

Professor of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and Pediatrics at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine,

Director of the Johns Hopkins Burn Center,

Professor at the Bloomberg School of Public Health,

Director of the Michael D Hendrix Burn Research Center,

Adjunct Professor Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences,

Honorary Civilian Consultant Advisor to the British Army in Plastic Surgery and Burns

Anand Kumar MD, FACS

Associate Professor of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery

Director, Center for Pediatric Craniofacial Surgery

Johns Hopkins School of Medicine

About PolarityTE

PolarityTE, Inc. is the owner of a novel regenerative medicine and tissue engineering platform developed and patented by Denver Lough MD, PhD. This radical and proprietary technology employs a patients' own cells for the healing of full-thickness functionally-polarized tissues. If clinically successful, the PolarityTE platform will be able to provide medical professionals with a truly new paradigm in wound healing and reconstructive surgery by utilizing a patient's own tissue substrates for the regeneration of skin, bone, muscle, cartilage, fat, blood vessels and nerves. It is because PolarityTE uses a natural and biologically sound platform technology, which is readily adaptable to a wide spectrum of organ and tissue systems, that the company and its world-renowned clinical advisory board, are poised to drastically change the field and future of translational regenerative medicine. More info can be found online at www.polarityte.com Welcome to the Shift 

Forward Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements contained in this release relate to, among other things, the Company's ongoing compliance with the requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market and the Company's ability to maintain the closing bid price requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market on a post reverse split basis. They are generally identified by words such as "believes," "may," "expects," "anticipates," "should'" and similar expressions. Readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are based upon the Company's beliefs and assumptions as of the date of this release. The Company's actual results could differ materially due to risk factors and other items described in more detail in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Reports filed with the SEC (copies of which may be obtained at www.sec.gov). Subsequent events and developments may cause these forward-looking statements to change. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation or intention to update or revise these forward-looking statements as a result of changed events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release, except as required by applicable law. 
2016-10-05
3 Stocks to Watch Wednesday: Twitter Inc (TWTR), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Micron ... Tuesday was a limp day for the U.S. markets amid a rise in the dollar and a dip in gold. By the trading day s end, the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average each fell 0.5% and the Nasdaq Composite posted a 0.2% loss.

Among companies that you should keep your eye on as we head into Wednesday s trade are Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) and Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: MU ).

Here s what could be moving these names today:

Twitter Inc (TWTR)

TWTR stock is up soundly in Wednesday s premarket trade amid a Wall Street Journal report that says the social media company is  expected to field bids this week. 

Among the potential suitors:

Of course, one could argue that none of those companies would be better off in buying Twitter.

TWTR shares are up 5% in premarket trade.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Verizon Communications Inc. s (NYSE: VZ ) purchase of Yahoo continues to look uglier by the minute, with a Reuters report now saying that YHOO secretly scanned customer emails for U.S. intelligence.

According to Reuters  sources, Yahoo built custom software that scanned users  incoming emails for information detailed bythe National Security Agency or FBI.

 Some surveillance experts said this represents the first case to surface of a U.S. Internet company agreeing to an intelligence agency s request by searching all arriving messages, as opposed to examining stored messages or scanning a small number of accounts in real time,  the report said.

The revelation comes shortly after Yahoo officially acknowledged that at least 500 million user accounts were affected in a massive 2014 data breach.

YHOO is trading flat this morning.

Micron Technology, Inc. (MU)

Micron Technology is off on Wednesday morning despite strong fiscal fourth-quarter earnings.

MU reported an adjusted loss of 5 cents per share to beat analyst expectations for a 12-cent loss. Revenues of $3.22 billion also came ahead of the consensus mark for $3.13 billion.

Weighing on shares instead was Q1 forecasts. While its adjusted profit guidance of 13 to 21 cents per share is better than what Wall Street forecast, much of that is believed to be an effect of a change in accounting practices.

Still, Micron has been soaring for months on improvements in DRAM prices, and that should continue in the current quarter.

MU stock was off by 5% in Wednesday s morning trading.

More From InvestorPlace Yahoo CEO Mayer Suffers New Hit to Privacy Reputation Yahoo! Inc. s embattled chief executive officer, Marissa Mayer, who last month disclosed a hack that exposed at least 500 million accounts, is facing a fresh round of questions about the company s privacy safeguards after a report that she let the U.S. government secretly scan hundreds of millions of user e-mails.

 Their brand equity is going from bad to worse," said Sameet Sinha, an analyst at B. Riley. "You have one of the weakest Internet brand names. People are disconnecting -- now that disconnection is going to accelerate."

On Wednesday, Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo disputed a Reuters report from a day earlier that said the company built a software program to scan customers  incoming e-mails for U.S. intelligence agencies, saying the story was  misleading" and that "the mail scanning described in the article does not exist on our systems. 

It s a sensitive time for Yahoo, which in July agreed to sell its web businesses to Verizon Communications Inc. for $4.8 billion after years of trying to jump-start sales growth. Though consumers and advertisers had been flocking to newer rivals such as Google Inc. and Facebook Inc., the company still touted more than 1 billion monthly users -- many of them on Yahoo s e-mail systems. When the companies announced the deal, which is set to wrap up early next year, Mayer said a priority was "seeing the transaction through to closing and protecting the value in our equity stakes.  

According to the Reuters report on Tuesday, Yahoo complied with U.S. government orders to scan hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts at the behest of the National Security Agency or Federal Bureau of Investigation. Intelligence officials wanted Yahoo to search for a set of characters, and that could mean a phrase in an e-mail or an attachment, according to the story, which cited anonymous sources. Reuters reported Wednesday that the lead European regulator on privacy issues for Yahoo, Ireland s Data Protection Commission, plans to make inquiries about whether EU citizens  data had been compromised.

"We narrowly interpret every government request for user data to minimize disclosure," Yahoo said in its response.

The New York Times on Wednesday reported that Yahoo was ordered by the U.S. to search incoming e-mails for the digital signature used by a foreign terrorist organization, citing a government official it didn t identify. The company used a version of its existing system that scans for spam, malware and child pornography to comply with the order, and the collection is no longer taking place, the Times said.

Government Requests

The report Tuesday drew sharp rebukes from critics, who said government officials were asking for too much information -- and questioned whether Yahoo did enough to resist the requests.

"Based on this report, the order issued to Yahoo appears to be unprecedented and unconstitutional," Patrick Toomey, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, said in a statement Tuesday.  It is deeply disappointing that Yahoo declined to challenge this sweeping surveillance order, because customers are counting on technology companies to stand up to novel spying demands in court."

Following the report, Yahoo e-mail rival Alphabet Inc., owner of Google and its popular Gmail program, said it never received such a request, but that if it did, it would say, "no way."

Verizon declined to comment on the newest report. After news of the hack in 2014 was confirmed last month, Verizon at the time said it would  evaluate as the investigation continues through the lens of overall Verizon interests."

 Control the Churn 

"If I were them, I would say, OK, give me a list of all the things that went wrong over the last three, four, five years," Sinha said. "Verizon knows there s going to be some churn, but wants to control the churn."

Technology companies came under fire in 2013 after NSA contract worker Edward Snowden revealed classified documents that outlined U.S. government surveillance programs, including some that involved Internet and telecommunications companies assisting agencies in collecting data from private citizens.

Yahoo s new statement used carefully chosen words, said Jeff Pollard, an analyst at Forrester Research. He said Yahoo could have been bolder in its assertion.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

"Instead of saying what other large tech companies did -- which is that they did not receive such a request, would say no if they did, along with fighting it -- Yahoo chose to focus on grammar and word choice over transparency," Pollard said in an e-mail. "It seems unfortunate that Yahoo seems to have missed that there are legal, ethical, and moral obligations that come with being a participant in the surveillance economy."

Still, Avivah Litan, an analyst at Gartner, said she believed Yahoo s contention that it did a minimal amount of "extra" scanning requested by the government.

 It s easy to point fingers after a breach, but from what I have seen most companies have security holes in their network -- some more than others," Litan said. "But it s very tough to compare unless the companies open up their systems for public audits and comparisons." Yahoo's PR Response to Email Spying Story Is a Massive Fail Yahoo has seen a run of bad PR strikes of late. There was the massive data breach of 500 million records that happened in 2014 but only made public recently.

And then came yesterday's report from Reuters that Yahoo Mail had been scanning all incoming mail for intelligence interests of the U.S. government. A secret government directive -- hardly a new experience for internet companies -- ordered Yahoo to search hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts for some "set of characters."

Reuters also said that that it was "the first case to surface of a U.S. Internet company agreeing to an intelligence agency's request by searching all arriving messages, as opposed to examining stored messages or scanning a small number of accounts in real time." In other words, at a time when the company is selling off its most recognizable assets to Verizon because of poor overall financial performance, this is bad news for Yahoo. So you might expect them to do some crisis PR in the best way possible. Except, it already seems to be going south quickly.

Yesterday, Yahoo sent off a one-line statement in answer not only to Reuters but to others asking about the report. Here's the line: "Yahoo is a law abiding company, and complies with the laws of the United States."

But then this morning came another statement from a PR group claiming to represent Yahoo:

The article is misleading. We narrowly interpret every government request for user data to minimize disclosure. The mail scanning described in the article does not exist on our systems.

Huh? First day: "You know the report that supposedly spoke with three former Yahoo employees and a fourth person who had been informed of the practice? Hey, we follow the law like we have to." Second day: "We take back that we follow the law. The report is misleading. The email scanning mentioned? And we narrowly interpret every government request for data, which doesn't mean that a narrow interpretation eliminates the possibility of widely applied scanning. Plus, it doesn't exist on our systems and we know the meaning of the word 'is' and specifically didn't say it has never existed on our systems."

If the practice had never actually existed, why not just say so in the first place? When something comes out that is this explosive in a reputational sense, you don't have someone say whatever without knowing what they're saying. Get the CEO and other appropriate executives and the lawyers all on the phone because that's what they're paid to do, and make sure the story is straight. Tacit acknowledgement on day one and then a carefully constructed statement the next day makes you look like you either don't know what's going on or you do know and are trying to obfuscate.

Crisis communications is important when things go far off from what you expected. There are plenty of firms that are experienced in the area. Here's how to handle a situation:

Don't say anything in a knee-jerk reaction.

Get experienced professionals on the phone now.

Get top executives who know what happened and lawyers who understand the issues.

Figure out what you're doing to say.

Don't lie and don't play games, because you look even worse.

And if you have to change your story part-way through, then you screwed up in the first place and should be doing something else for a living. Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is NOT Scanning Your Emails like Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is putting its users  minds at ease. The tech titan said that it is not scanning your emails like Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). This comes after a new report discovered that Yahoo created special software to scan its users  emails for U.S. intelligence gathering.

Microsoft Corporation Isn t Reading Your Emails

After Reuters reported that Yahoo was scanning its users emails for the U.S. government, users wondered if other tech brands were perusing their emails. Well, now you are being reassured.

A plethora of tech firms are coming out telling everyone they aren t reading your emails in secret. Everyone from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), a number of tech giants want to clear the air. To do this, they promise they re not following the same pattern as Yahoo.

One of these tech behemoths included Microsoft. The firm issued a statement to Fortune magazine to say they are not conducting a surveillance program. Microsoft has millions of Hotmail and Outlook accounts.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

 We have never engaged in the secret scanning of email traffic like what has been reported today about Yahoo,  a media rep said.

Meanwhile, the likes of Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) are not spying on you. In fact, some of the tech giants even said they would fight the requests tooth and nail. However, we may find out differently if WikiLeaks s Julian Assange releases a new batch of documents in relation to Google.

What Yahoo Did That Microsoft Corporation Didn t

Here is exactly what Yahoo did that Microsoft hasn t done:

According to Reuters, Yahoo scanned all incoming emails for various characters. This was done on behalf of either the FBI or the NSA. Although Yahoo had fought previous requests for data, it was reported that Yahoo complied this time. Yahoo believed it wouldn t be able to successfully combat the inquiry.

The report stated that Yahoo installed a program to conduct the request in early 2015. The newswire did not say what information or data were handed over to the FBI or NSA. It also did not confirm if Yahoo was still employing the software.

Civil libertarians and private property proponents are upset about the report.

 It is deeply disappointing that Yahoo declined to challenge this sweeping surveillance order, because customers are counting on technology companies to stand up to novel spying demands in court,  said Patrick Toomey, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, in a statement.

Yahoo, in response to the report, said that it was a  law-abiding firm  that complied with U.S. laws. Today, Yahoo calls the report  misleading,  but refused to deny the allegations made in the article.

 The article is misleading,  said Yahoo s statement.  We narrowly interpret every government request for user data to minimize disclosure. The mail scanning described in the article does not exist on our systems. 

Whether or not the report is accurate, Yahoo s shares haven t been affected. At the time of this writing, Yahoo shares are up 1.55 percent to just under $44. Some experts are speculating that Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) may try to lower its $4.8 billion purchase of Yahoo because of the discovery. Morning Reads: Pence Describes Imaginary Running Mate; Yahoo Spies for US ... We produce this news digest every weekday. You can sign up to receive these updates as an email newsletter each morning.

Vice presidential debate  > Mike Pence and Tim Kaine faced off last night at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. As per Joan Walsh at The Nation, Kaine was on the attack. But at the end of the night, many felt Pence had done well   largely by trying to hoodwink the audience into believing Donald Trump was a traditional Republican.

 For an hour and a half on Tuesday night, the Republican Party s vice presidential nominee parried with Democrat Tim Kaine as if Trump were as mild-mannered as Mitt Romney and as doctrinaire as Paul Ryan,  The New Republic s Brian Beutler writes.  He shook his head in disbelief when Kaine faithfully recited Trump s litany of offenses   his racist and sexist attacks on political and legal enemies, his affinity for autocrats and dictators, his promises to deport all immigrants and ban Muslim travel and immigration   as if Kaine had just invented them. 

In an article headlined,  Mike Pence can t believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him,  Philip Bump of The Washington Post writes,  It s clever to suggest that quoting Trump is somehow an unfair disparagement of him. It doesn t work as well when you isolate the charges that were made.  To that end, Politico offers  6 things Trump definitely said that Pence claimed he didn t.  The Huffington Post has a video version. The Guardian signs in with some fact checks.

Aiding and abetting  > Joseph Menn for Reuters:  Yahoo Inc last year secretly built a custom software program to search all of its customers  incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The company complied with a classified US government demand, scanning hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts at the behest of the National Security Agency or FBI  Some surveillance experts said this represents the first case to surface of a US internet company agreeing to an intelligence agency s request by searching all arriving messages, as opposed to examining stored messages or scanning a small number of accounts in real time. 

Paris agreement goes into effect  > Following Sunday s ratification by India and the European Union s yesterday, the four largest polluters in the world   the United States, China, India and the EU, collectively responsible for some 60 percent of global emissions   are on board with the climate deal. Enough countries have now ratified it for it to go into effect in 30 days. That s the good news.

Now some bad news: David Roberts reports for Vox that the deal falls far short of putting us on track to stay under the 2 degrees Celsius of global warming that scientists say is our limit. And The New York Times summarizes a new poll from the Pew Research Center:  Americans are deeply divided on the causes, cures and urgency of climate change, and party identification is one of the strongest predictors of individual views.  Those Americans may elect a man who would and could opt out of the deal, rendering it useless for the rest of the world.

Fracking execs press case with Trump  > Discussing fracking in July, Trump made the case for something called  local control    that voters should have the right to decide whether or not fracking takes place in their communities.  I m in favor of fracking, but I think that voters should have a big say in it. I mean, there s some areas, maybe, that don t want to have fracking, and I think if the voters are voting for it that s up to them,  he said. That position put him in line with Hillary Clinton. But yesterday, fracking execs pushed Trump in a meeting that quickly became private. Brandon Rittiman reports for Denver s NBC affiliate:  Lynn Peterson, CEO of Synergy Resources, told Trump that he sees local control over fracking as a threat in the first few minutes of the Tuesday roundtable on the top floor of a downtown office building. Trump did not address the issue of local control before his campaign staff ushered the press out of the room so the group could continue talking in private. 

Living wills  > Five banks are providing  living wills  to regulators describing how they could be broken up. Under the Dodd-Frank reforms, all banks have to do this, but so far, the five in question have not yet submitted a plan that regulators found believable. Donna Borak and Emily Glazer report for The Wall Street Journal:  The stakes are high for J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp. and three others. If regulators deem these revisions of their so-called living wills   made public by the government Tuesday   to be insufficiently credible, those institutions could be ordered to hold higher levels of capital on their books, or to restructure and shed business lines. Regulators are facing considerable pressure from politicians to use this process to break up the biggest banks, with many   notably Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren   arguing these institutions remain  too big to fail.' 

Hurricane Matthew headed for US  > The BBC reports:  The most powerful Caribbean hurricane in nearly a decade has left thousands of people displaced in Haiti, with rescuers struggling to reach the worst-hit areas. Hurricane Matthew is said to have devastated parts of the country, where at least two people have died. The storm has now moved off the north-eastern coast of Cuba towards Florida, where warnings are in place. South Carolina is to start evacuating more than a million people.  Meteorologist Philip Klotzbach noted on Twitter yesterday,  Hurricane #Matthew has been a Cat. 4-5 in the Caribbean longer than all other Atlantic hurricanes from 2008-2016 combined. 

Wait, wait, don t tell me  > From ABC News:  The official GOP website made a grand old gaffe ahead of the vice presidential debate Tuesday night   declaring Republican candidate Mike Pence the winner before the event was scheduled to start. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the GOP announced that Mike Pence was the  clear winner  of the debate, more than an hour ahead of the start time. 

Morning Reads was compiled by John Light and edited by Michael Winship. See a story that you think should be included in Morning Reads? Tell us in the comments!

We produce this news digest every weekday. You can sign up to receive these updates as an email newsletter each morning. ICTV Brands, Inc. Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire the no!no! Hair ... WAYNE, PA--(Marketwired - Oct 5, 2016) - ICTV Brands, Inc. (ICTV), ( CSE : ITV ), a digitally focused, direct response marketing and branding company specializing in the health, wellness and beauty sector, today announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the consumer products business of PhotoMedex, Inc. ( NASDAQ : PHMD ) for a total consideration of $9.5 million.

The agreement calls for ICTV to acquire the assets of PhotoMedex's flagship product no!no!, along with the Kyrobak and Cleartouch brands. The purchase price of $9.5 million consists of a $3 million cash payment on closing, $2 million cash payment due on the 90th day following the closing, and a $4.5 million capped royalty based on future net sales of the acquired product lines. This asset purchase will include the respective product trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property, along with manufacturing tooling, and PhotoMedex's Hong Kong and Brazilian subsidiaries. ICTV will also receive a minimum of $6 million of GAAP inventory.

In addition to the tangible assets, ICTV will acquire highly experienced research and development, logistics, sales and marketing personnel. The R&D and logistics group, based in Israel, have a long history of developing unique and successful at-home health and beauty devices. The sales and marketing team, based in the US and UK, will provide seamless integration of the acquired brands into ICTV's platform.

The Board of Directors of both ICTV and PhotoMedex have unanimously approved this agreement. In addition, ICTV's Board has approved a financing of up to $7 million in a private placement of common shares priced at $0.34. To date, $3 million of this raise has been placed in escrow, led by a group of existing shareholders. The additional $2 million that has been secured is in the form of an irrevocable letter of credit. Assuming the closing of both the acquisition and the $7 million equity financing, the Company expects to have over $3 million in cash, no debt, and approximately 51 million shares outstanding. The closing of the acquisition and the financing are subject to customary closing conditions.

Richard Ransom, President of ICTV Brands, stated, "The acquisition of the no!no! brand will be transformative to our organization and accretive to our shareholders. By combining these great brands under one platform, ICTV should gain the operating leverage and cost savings to generate significant EBITDA and cash flow going forward. We believe this transaction will firmly establish ICTV Brands as a worldwide leader in the health and beauty device industry."

no!no!, launched in 2006, is the first professional hair removal device for in-home use with patented Thermicon technology. The product line has grown from its original version, now known as the no!no! Classic, to include seven more hair removal products, including no!no! LITE, no!no! PLUS, no!no! MICRO, no!no! Hair, no!no! Hair for MEN, no!no! PRO and no!no! ULTRA, all with different features and technologies. In addition to the hair removal line, no!no! expanded to include no!no! Skin for pimple treatments, and no!no! Smooth, a full skincare line formulated with hair growth inhibitors. With over 6 million units sold and over $1 billion dollars in sales since inception, no!no! has established itself as a leader in the hair removal category.

ICTV Brands' Chairman and CEO Kelvin Claney added, "Over the last two years, we have repositioned ICTV to take full advantage of the rapid expansion of the digital marketplace. Our team has built and continues to refine a multi-channel sales platform to deliver profitable sales of health and beauty products across all methods of distribution, including e-commerce, traditional brick and mortar, direct to consumer, live home shopping, and international distributorships. The timing of the acquisition of no!no! and the associated brands is perfect, as it will allow ICTV to accelerate growth through the Company's new multi-channel sales platform. Through operational efficiencies, I believe the synergies created by these two great brands, no!no! and DermaWand, will generate significant growth and earnings both now and in future years."

Read More Alcoa Inc. Completes 1-for-3 Reverse Stock Split NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Alcoa Inc. (AA) announced today that it has completed the previously-announced reverse stock split of Alcoa Inc. common stock at a ratio of 1 for 3 and a proportionate reduction in the number of authorized shares of its common stock, from 1,800,000,000 shares to 600,000,000 shares.

The reverse stock split and authorized share reduction were approved by Alcoa shareholders at a special shareholder meeting earlier today. The applicable articles of amendment were filed in the Pennsylvania Department of State on October 5, 2016.

Alcoa Inc. common stock will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis at market open on October 6, 2016. Alcoa Inc. common stock will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AA," although a new CUSIP number (013817507) has been assigned to it as a result of the reverse stock split.

No fractional shares have been issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Shareholders otherwise entitled to receive fractional share(s) as a result of the reverse stock split will receive cash payments in lieu of such shares.

Additional information about the reverse stock split can be found in Alcoa s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), available free of charge at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, or at Alcoa s website, www.alcoa.com.

Dissemination of Company Information

Alcoa intends to make future announcements regarding Company developments and financial performance through its website at www.alcoa.com

About Alcoa

A global leader in lightweight metals technology, engineering and manufacturing, Alcoa innovates multi-material solutions that advance our world. Our technologies enhance transportation, from automotive and commercial transport to air and space travel, and improve industrial and consumer electronics products. We enable smart buildings, sustainable food and beverage packaging, high-performance defense vehicles across air, land and sea, deeper oil and gas drilling and more efficient power generation. We pioneered the aluminum industry over 125 years ago, and today, our approximately 57,000 people in 30 countries deliver value-add products made of titanium, nickel and aluminum, and produce best-in-class bauxite, alumina and primary aluminum products. For more information, visit www.alcoa.com, follow @Alcoa on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Alcoa and follow us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/Alcoa.

Forward-Looking Statements

This communication contains statements that relate to future events and expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those containing such words as  anticipates,   believes,   could,   estimates,   expects,   forecasts,   intends,   may,   outlook,   plans,   projects,   seeks,   sees,   should,   targets,   will,   would,  or other words of similar meaning. All statements that reflect the Company s expectations, assumptions or projections about the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the separation transaction. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained and it is possible that actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The Company disclaims any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161005006413/en/ 
2016-08-11
Don't Like The New Yahoo Finance? The Canadian Site Might Be Your Savior There is little doubt that Yahoo! Inc.'s (NASDAQ: YHOO) popularity has declined over the years as new competitors offered superior services. This is most apparent in Yahoo's recent moves to reformat and make drastic changes to one of its few properties that remained popular over the years - Yahoo Finance.

Business Insider reported in late 2015 that Yahoo implemented many unpopular changes to its now longer popular finance page. Users complained that message boards are missing, load times have worsened, pages are riddled with errors, among other headaches.

One of the biggest drawbacks of the revamped Yahoo Finance page, as noted by Business Insider, was the removal of a tool used for customizing portfolio tracking.

"Yahoo Finance is continually developing and testing new product concepts in order to offer the best experience for users and advertisers," a Yahoo spokeswoman told Business Insider. "We have nothing further to share at this time."

Try Yahoo Finance Canada

Yahoo Finance Canada hasn't changed much - if at all. For the time being, the site offers the familiar format that users were used to on the U.S. site.

Many of the familiar tools are still in place on the Canadian version, including a portfolio tracker. Users can even customize the page to highlight U.S.-related market news, although investors could also learn a thing or two about the resource-rich Canadian market.

Posted-In: Business Insider Yahoo Yahoo Finance Yahoo Finance Canada Yahoo Finance ComplaintsMedia

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Why Verizon-Yahoo Deal Is Raising Privacy Concerns Why Verizon-Yahoo Deal Is Raising Privacy Concerns

Law360, New York (August 11, 2016, 10:30 AM EDT) -- Nearly a generation ago, philosopher Marshall McLuhan observed  that it is sometimes a bit of a shock to be reminded that, in operational and practical fact, the medium is the message. [1] By this, he meant no more than  to say that the personal and social consequences of any medium   that is, of any extension of ourselves   result from the new scale that is introduced into our affairs by each extension of ourselves, or by any new technology.  So just as the railroad changed the...

To view the full article, register now. A Look Into Latest Developments Surrounding Yahoo!, Kura Oncology, Kohl's and ... U.S. stocks are on the rise on Thursday following an increase in oil prices and strong financial reports issued by retailers.

Among the stocks on the move today are Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Amarin Corporation plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:AMRN), Kura Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:KURA), Avinger Inc (NASDAQ:AVGR) and Kohl s Corporation (NYSE:KSS).

Through extensive research that covered the portfolios of several hundred large investors between 1999 and 2012, we determined that following the small-cap stocks that large money managers are collectively bullish on, can generate monthly returns nearly 1.0 percentage points above the market (see the details here).

Yahoo Spikes On Alibaba s Earnings

Let s start with Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), which has gained roughly 4% in Thursday trading, driven by the announcement of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) s second-quarter financial results, which came in ahead of top and bottom line expectations (see details). Yahoo owns a 15% stake in the Chinese company, which was not affected by the former s recent deal with Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ). As of the end of the first quarter of 2016, 97 funds, among those we track, held long equity stakes in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), up from 84 funds a quarter earlier. Among them was David E. Shaw s D. E. Shaw, which last disclosed ownership of more than 19 million shares of the company.

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

Amarin Slips After Pricing Stock Offering

On the other hand, shares of Amarin Corporation plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:AMRN) traded down by more than 8% today, after the company priced a public offering of 21.1 million ADSs at $2.85   well below Wednesday s close of $3.32. The offering will close around August 16, and proceeds of $56.1 million will be likely used to advance the firm s  REDUCE-IT cardiovascular outcomes trial and for general corporate and working capital purposes.  A total of 10 funds in our database were long Amarin Corporation plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:AMRN) at the end of March. This group included Kevin Kotler s Broadfin Capital, which held 4.67 million shares of the company. Crescendo Partners Sends Letter to Redknee Solutions Inc. Board of Directors Urges Board to Immediately Pursue a Sale of the Company to Maximize Shareholder Value

NEW YORK , Aug. 11, 2016 /CNW/ - Crescendo Partners today announced that it has delivered a letter to the Board of Directors of Redknee Solutions Inc. ( Redknee or the "Company") (RKN.TO).

In the letter, Crescendo Partners urges the Board to immediately commence a broad sale process for the entire Company. Crescendo believes that numerous potential buyers would be interested in acquiring Redknee because of its strong brand reputation, valuable customer relationships, large backlog, discount to intrinsic value and opportunity to return to historical profitability. The full text of the letter follows:

Crescendo Partners

777 Third Avenue, Floor 37

New York, NY 10022

(212)-319-7676

Members of the Board of Directors August 11, 2016

c/o Kent Thexton

Redknee Solutions Inc.

2560 Matheson Blvd East

Suite 500

Mississauga, ON

Canada L4W 4Y9

Dear Board Members,

Crescendo Partners, together with its affiliates ("Crescendo"), is a significant stockholder of Redknee Solutions Inc. ("Redknee" or the "Company"). We were initially attracted to Redknee due to its strong technology, high recurring revenue business model and extremely attractive valuation. Based on what we perceive to be extremely undervalued shares, we were not surprised when ESW Capital, LLC a private investment firm whose motto is to "acquire, transform and run" software companies, filed an early warning report yesterday disclosing ownership of approximately 11.55% of the Company's outstanding shares.

While we see significant value in Redknee's business, we recognize that the Company has consistently underperformed its peers and disappointed the financial markets. We have lost confidence in the current Board and management team's ability to create value for shareholders and believe that the Company should immediately commence a strategic process to sell itself. We believe that there is value to be obtained that is substantially in excess of the current stock price and that it is the obligation of this board to make every effort to deliver that value to shareholders. If the current board cannot bring out the value, Crescendo Partners intends to nominate directors for next year's Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

We believe that many of the features that attracted us to Redknee will also attract numerous potential buyers, both strategic and financial, if the Company decides to start a sales process. We believe that potential buyers would be interested in acquiring Redknee due to its strong brand reputation, valuable customer relationships, large backlog, discount to intrinsic value and opportunity to return to historical profitability. We strongly believe that many of the Company's shareholders would agree that a sale of the Company is the most effective way to maximize stockholder value.

With an average holding period in excess of three years, Crescendo Partners is a long-term value-oriented investor. However, in the case of Redknee, we do not have confidence that business as usual is an acceptable strategy. We urge the Company to set up a special committee of independent directors and hire investment bankers to run a broad sale process. As noted above, Crescendo plans to nominate directors for next year's Annual Meeting if the Company has not taken the appropriate steps to maximize shareholder value. We previously had representatives on the board of Bridgewater Systems, another Canadian company that sold software to telecommunications firms and shareholders reaped large profits when that company was sold with our assistance several years ago.

Read More 
2016-10-04
Exclusive: Yahoo secretly scanned customer emails for US intelligence - sources A man walks past a Yahoo logo during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain in this February 24, 2016 file photo. REUTERS/Albert Gea/File Photo

Alex Stamos, Chief Security Officer for Facebook, speaks at the NYU Center for Cyber Security in Brooklyn, New York New York March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo

Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo, participates in a panel discussion at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, California, U.S. November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File Photo

SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Inc last year secretly built a custom software program to search all of its customers' incoming emails for specific information provided by U.S. intelligence officials, according to people familiar with the matter.

The company complied with a classified U.S. government demand, scanning hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts at the behest of the National Security Agency or FBI, said three former employees and a fourth person apprised of the events.

Some surveillance experts said this represents the first case to surface of a U.S. Internet company agreeing to an intelligence agency's request by searching all arriving messages, as opposed to examining stored messages or scanning a small number of accounts in real time.

It is not known what information intelligence officials were looking for, only that they wanted Yahoo to search for a set of characters. That could mean a phrase in an email or an attachment, said the sources, who did not want to be identified.

Reuters was unable to determine what data Yahoo may have handed over, if any, and if intelligence officials had approached other email providers besides Yahoo with this kind of request.

According to two of the former employees, Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer's decision to obey the directive roiled some senior executives and led to the June 2015 departure of Chief Information Security Officer Alex Stamos, who now holds the top security job at Facebook Inc.

"Yahoo is a law abiding company, and complies with the laws of the United States," the company said in a brief statement in response to Reuters questions about the demand. Yahoo declined any further comment.

Through a Facebook spokesman, Stamos declined a request for an interview.

The NSA referred questions to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which declined to comment.

The request to search Yahoo Mail accounts came in the form of a classified edict sent to the company's legal team, according to the three people familiar with the matter.

U.S. phone and Internet companies are known to have handed over bulk customer data to intelligence agencies. But some former government officials and private surveillance experts said they had not previously seen either such a broad demand for real-time Web collection or one that required the creation of a new computer program.

"I've never seen that, a wiretap in real time on a 'selector,'" said Albert Gidari, a lawyer who represented phone and Internet companies on surveillance issues for 20 years before moving to Stanford University this year. A selector refers to a type of search term used to zero in on specific information.

"It would be really difficult for a provider to do that," he added.

Experts said it was likely that the NSA or FBI had approached other Internet companies with the same demand, since they evidently did not know what email accounts were being used by the target. The NSA usually makes requests for domestic surveillance through the FBI, so it is hard to know which agency is seeking the information.

Alphabet Inc's Google and Microsoft Corp, two major U.S. email service providers, separately said on Tuesday that they had not conducted such email searches.

"We've never received such a request, but if we did, our response would be simple: 'No way'," a spokesman for Google said in a statement.

A Microsoft spokesperson said in a statement, "We have never engaged in the secret scanning of email traffic like what has been reported today about Yahoo." The company declined to comment on whether it had received such a request.

CHALLENGING THE NSA

Under laws including the 2008 amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, intelligence agencies can ask U.S. phone and Internet companies to provide customer data to aid foreign intelligence-gathering efforts for a variety of reasons, including prevention of terrorist attacks.

Disclosures by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden and others have exposed the extent of electronic surveillance and led U.S. authorities to modestly scale back some of the programs, in part to protect privacy rights.

Companies including Yahoo have challenged some classified surveillance before the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a secret tribunal.

Some FISA experts said Yahoo could have tried to fight last year's demand on at least two grounds: the breadth of the directive and the necessity of writing a special program to search all customers' emails in transit.

Apple Inc made a similar argument earlier this year when it refused to create a special program to break into an encrypted iPhone used in the 2015 San Bernardino massacre. The FBI dropped the case after it unlocked the phone with the help of a third party, so no precedent was set.

"It is deeply disappointing that Yahoo declined to challenge this sweeping surveillance order, because customers are counting on technology companies to stand up to novel spying demands in court," Patrick Toomey, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, said in a statement.

Some FISA experts defended Yahoo's decision to comply, saying nothing prohibited the surveillance court from ordering a search for a specific term instead of a specific account. So-called "upstream" bulk collection from phone carriers based on content was found to be legal, they said, and the same logic could apply to Web companies' mail.

As tech companies become better at encrypting data, they are likely to face more such requests from spy agencies.

Former NSA General Counsel Stewart Baker said email providers "have the power to encrypt it all, and with that comes added responsibility to do some of the work that had been done by the intelligence agencies."

SECRET SIPHONING PROGRAM

Mayer and other executives ultimately decided to comply with the directive last year rather than fight it, in part because they thought they would lose, said the people familiar with the matter.

Yahoo in 2007 had fought a FISA demand that it conduct searches on specific email accounts without a court-approved warrant. Details of the case remain sealed, but a partially redacted published opinion showed Yahoo's challenge was unsuccessful.

Some Yahoo employees were upset about the decision not to contest the more recent edict and thought the company could have prevailed, the sources said.

They were also upset that Mayer and Yahoo General Counsel Ron Bell did not involve the company's security team in the process, instead asking Yahoo's email engineers to write a program to siphon off messages containing the character string the spies sought and store them for remote retrieval, according to the sources.

The sources said the program was discovered by Yahoo's security team in May 2015, within weeks of its installation. The security team initially thought hackers had broken in.

When Stamos found out that Mayer had authorized the program, he resigned as chief information security officer and told his subordinates that he had been left out of a decision that hurt users' security, the sources said. Due to a programming flaw, he told them hackers could have accessed the stored emails.

Stamos's announcement in June 2015 that he had joined Facebook did not mention any problems with Yahoo. (bit.ly/2dL003k)

In a separate incident, Yahoo last month said "state-sponsored" hackers had gained access to 500 million customer accounts in 2014. The revelations have brought new scrutiny to Yahoo's security practices as the company tries to complete a deal to sell its core business to Verizon Communications Inc for $4.8 billion.

(Reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Tiffany Wu) Yahoo: Updated RemainCo Valuation Reflects A Lofty Upside In my previous Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) article, I described the Verizon (NYSE:VZ) deal and the split mechanism of RemainCo from Yahoo and introduced my RemainCo NAV valuation. I received an overwhelmingly large number of questions in (almost) any media possible about that article, regarding either technical items in the valuation, the gap between my full price/discounted price and Yahoo's current price, and, of course, the possible impact of the recently published 2014 data breach.

Sales Process and RemainCo Assets

To lay the ground for the valuation discussion, I want to describe briefly the purchase transaction and assets that RemainCo will hold once the transaction is complete. In this high-profile transaction, Verizon will pay Yahoo $4.8B for its core business that includes any business within Yahoo that has an active operation, excluding any investments, non-core patents, real estate, and cash (alongside with debt). As presented in the chart below, Yahoo's business will fall under a new, fully-owned subsidiary named "Yahoo Holdings," that will later be carved out and moved to Verizon. All the remaining assets will be grouped together under a new publicly traded investment company temporarily nicknamed RemainCo.

RemainCo will hold more than 2 billion shares of YJ, 384 million shares of Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), small investments in 13 companies, a non-core patents portfolio under Excalibur IP LLC, and cash proceeds from the sale; cash remained in Yahoo minus long-term debt.

Valuation: Basic Scenarios

When valuating RemainCo, there are three basic scenarios that every further analysis or valuation starts from. The first scenario is the basic and na ve one, which presents the full value of every asset before tax and discounts except the cash proceeds from an Excalibur and Verizon. As for Excalibur, Yahoo is currently looking for a buyer for the 3,000 non-core patents and hired the boutique investment firm Black Stone IP, which specializes in trading IPs and technological assets to sell the subsidiary. As for Verizon, the proxy sale document clearly states that the transaction will be taxed at the corporate level.

The second scenario assumes that Yahoo will be able to engage in some asset swap that includes SoftBank (OTCPK:SFTBY), Alibaba, and an additional party. To execute such an asset swap, RemainCo will have to provide significant discounts to the other counterparties. I assume these discounts will range between 10% and 20% discount on Alibaba and 5% to 15% discount on Yahoo Japan. The rest of the assets are unchanged compared to the previous scenario. The third scenario is the fully-taxed scenario that assumes that RemainCo will sell its Alibaba and Yahoo Japan shares in a fully-taxed process when the rest of the assets are unchanged, compared to the fully-priced scenario.

All basic scenarios take into account that RemainCo will have around 950 million outstanding shares, which are the same number of shares Yahoo currently has, a $1.3B of long-term debt and approximately $7.6B of cash currently in Yahoo. All scenarios include BABA's September closing price of 105.79; however, to be more slightly more accurate, they should include the analysts' average price target, which is currently $111. The table below presents the breakdown of each scenario summed up to the total share price according to BABA's current share price and the average PT. The current price of Yahoo's stock in the market reflects a fully-taxed scenario that takes into account Alibaba's current share price in the market.

Data Breach Impact

On September 22, Yahoo confirmed previous reports that information about 500 million accounts was stolen in 2014 in the biggest data breach ever. Information includes personal data like names, email addresses, telephone numbers, passwords, and encrypted security questions, but no payment data or bank accounts information. On the one hand, this is not a big deal. Even though a massive number of accounts was impacted, no payment information or other valuable personal data was stolen. However, on the other hand, the fact that Yahoo either kept this glitch a secret, or even worse just found out about it, is a giant red flag above the company's honesty and customer loyalty.

Yahoo claimed in an announcement that it believes that it was a state-organized hack and that Verizon was informed days before it was released to the public. However, the main problem here is that the feeling that Yahoo prefers to hide this breach from its users so it will not compromise any potential sale or spin-off attempt, which means that Yahoo put itself before its users, shareholders, and customers. A group of US senators sent a letter last week to CEO Mayer asking for answers in this matter, and while Yahoo probably will be able to answer the questions relatively easily, I can see a scenario where this letter can trigger a snowball to a significant probe into Yahoo's actions and whether it ignored the breach, hid it, or simply underestimated it.

In my opinion, it is possible that US authorities, either the Senate, the SEC, or another federal body, will fine Yahoo for hiding the information from the public. Moreover, it is reasonable to believe that Yahoo will face lawsuits for this event. Considering that JP Morgan's (NYSE:JPM) 2014 breach is expected to cost the bank about $200M, to be paid 2-3 years later, the worst case scenario can reflect up to $500M payments in federal fines and lawsuits, as Yahoo trying to hide information from the public is worse than merely being hacked. In my opinion, this should not be a deal breaker for Verizon as the company could hold Yahoo/RemainCo liable for any future legal fees. In an extreme scenario, Verizon might request that Yahoo reimburse it in advance for any potential legal fees, which means that the deal price will drop.

In any case, either Verizon lowering its offer or holding Yahoo/RemainCo liable for future legal fees, it will not have any significant impact on RemainCo's valuation. However, although every $100M of legal fees and fines only has a 10 cent impact on stock price, making it a marginal event to valuation as shown in the chart below, it might be a serious blow to the company's reputation.

The bigger risk here is that Verizon will try to cancel the deal due to these events. However, I see a very weak rationale behind this option. Verizon is acquiring Yahoo's internet business to strengthen its online media presence through Yahoo's strong brands that expand the AOL offering and create a robust online portfolio. The recent breach does not change that. In the remote scenario that Verizon will decide to withdraw its offer, there are plenty of other companies who would be more than happy to acquire Yahoo's internet business, but I don't see Yahoo or Verizon going down that path right now.

Assuming the data breach impact is capped at $500M, and any deal regarding Alibaba and YJ will include negotiating with the IRS, I believe that RemainCo's true valuation is somewhere between scenario 2 and scenario 3. As I currently cannot estimate the probabilities for each scenario, I will use a simple average which sets RemainCo's price target at $50.43, which reflects a 17% upside from the current price of Yahoo. I remain bullish and long on Yahoo.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: The information provided in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be regarded as investment advice or a recommendation regarding any particular security or course of action. This information is the writer's opinion about the companies mentioned in the article. Investors should conduct their due diligence and consult with a registered financial adviser before making any investment decision. Lior Ronen and Finro are not registered financial advisers and shall not have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to this material. By accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. AT&T (T) Downgraded to Sell, Intense Competition a Reason On Oct 3, wireless carrier AT&T Inc. T was downgraded to a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). You can see the complete list of today s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.

AT&T has been facing intense competition from peers, compelling it to lower the price of its services. This will dent AT&T's margins going ahead. Additionally, the entry of cable MSOs like Comcast Corporation CMCSA and Charter Communications Inc. CHTR in the wireless industry will intensify competition.

In a saturated wireless market, spectrum crunch has become a major issue in the U.S. telecom industry. Most of the carriers are finding it increasingly difficult to manage mobile data traffic, which is growing by leaps and bounds. AT&T is no exception. The situation has become even more acute with the growing popularity of iPhone and Android smartphones as well as rising online mobile video streaming, cloud computing and video conferencing services. However, AT&T is actively participating in the ongoing 600 Mhz spectrum auction conducted by the Federal Communications Commission. The new spectrum may solve problems relating to spectrum crunch.

AT&T hasn t been proactive on the Internet advertising front as well. Moreover, AT&T s failed bid to acquire Yahoo! Inc. YHOO means it has to look for alternate ways to integrate its DIRECTV service with this mobile advertising platform. Being a dormant player in the mobile advertisement space, AT&T is overlooking a major revenue generation opportunity by not venturing into the high growth mobile advertising space.

Also, the company s wireline division is grappling with persistent losses in access lines as a result of competitive pressure from voice-over-Internet protocol (VoIP) service providers and aggressive triple-play (voice, data, video) offerings by cable companies. These are weighing on the company s revenues and margins.

AT&T INC Price

AT&T INC Price | AT&T INC Quote

Confidential from Zacks

Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>>



Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report



YAHOO! INC (YHOO): Free Stock Analysis Report



AT&T INC (T): Free Stock Analysis Report



COMCAST CORP A (CMCSA): Free Stock Analysis Report



CHARTER COMM-A (CHTR): Free Stock Analysis Report



To read this article on Zacks.com click here. 
2016-05-26
AT&T Is Interested in Buying Yahoo! (T, YHOO) Wireless communications giant AT&T, Inc. (T) has reportedly made a bid for Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) core Internet business, sources told Bloomberg. And this development can potentially foil attempts made by rival Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ), which is considered the front-runner in the Yahoo! sweepstakes.

The Battle of the Telecoms

It was reported as early as last month that AT&T was not interested in bidding for Yahoo! But the telecom giant, through its stake in digital advertising business YP Holdings, was still somewhat involved in the entire bidding process. This is because YP Holdings, until recently, had expressed its own interest in Yahoo!'s core business. The company has since faded out of contention. (See also: Verizon Ready to Acquire Yahoo's Core Business.)

At the JPMorgan conference on Tuesday, Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam restated his interest in buying Yahoo! whether whole or in smaller pieces.  It s a possibility to gain greater scale,  McAdam said. Growing the company's digital presence has been a part of Verizon's long-term strategy, which includes buying AOL for $4.4 billion in 2015.

And McAdam has already expressed plans to incorporate Yahoo! into Verizon if he wins the bidding war. The company, along with AOL, has consulted with at least three financial advisers about a takeover. There have also been reports suggesting that if or when Verizon closes this deal, Tim Armstrong, AOL's CEO, will lead the acquired assets.

However, from a financial standpoint, AT&T, which has a market capitalization of about $237 billion, is more equipped than Verizon (market capitalization of about $203 billion) to pursue Yahoo! And Bloomberg notes that AT&T might be looking to pair Yahoo s algorithm-based advertising technology with its mobile video service, which was launched last year after the completion of its $48.5 billion merger with DirecTV.

Yahoo! has scheduled a second round of bidding to conclude in early June. So there's still a couple of weeks to go before it is determined who will submit the winning bid and at what price. (See also: The Winners and Losers In A Yahoo Spinoff.)

The Bottom Line

AT&T shares closed Wednesday at $38.62, up 0.31%, while YHOO stock declined 5.15% to $35.59. AT&T stock has risen almost 12.2% year-to-date and 15% in the past six months, compared to a 2.28% year-to-date rise in the S&P 500 (SPX) index. The stock has a consensus buy rating and an average analyst 12-month target of $4, suggesting a 6% rise from current levels. Chegg CEO: Not Surprising AT&T Bid on Yahoo RBC Analyst Says Apple Acquisition of Disney Is Possible

57:28 - Investors are increasingly discussing options for how Apple could gain scale in media/content and an acquisition of Walt Disney has a "greater than 0%" probability, though odds are low, RBC analyst Amit Daryanani said in a note. Bloomberg's Chris Palmeri has more on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-11-29
Starboard Value Makes Huge Investment in Hewlett Packard (HPE, TRNC) Analysts are still combing through 13F filings for the third quarter of 2016, searching for clues about how the major investors have moved their money around over the last few months. Although Jeffrey Smith and his hedge fund Starboard Value are newer to the fund scene, Starboard has nonetheless made a big impact quickly with its bold investment approach in recent months. The third quarter revealed at least one major move that Smith executed, too: Starboard Value bought a stake in Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) that was valued at $124.7 million during that time period. (For more, see: What Is a 13F and How Can You Benefit From It?)

Big Moves From the Activist Fund

Smith's purchase of Hewlett Packard stock is a big move relative to most of the other investment decisions that Starboard made in the third quarter. The purchase totaled nearly 5.5 million shares of HPE stock between the end of June and the end of September. As an activist hedge fund, Starboard often aims to buy up significant stakes in companies that it sees as faltering, then, with a major interest in the company already established, the fund can go in and exert control through board decisions and more. Activist hedge funds are a popular strategy for many investors, although they don't always ingratiate themselves with company executives, and in some cases the activist stance can be seen as hostile. (For more, see also: Starboard Value: An Activist Investor Analysis.)

Starboard also bought up stakes in other companies over the third quarter as well, although those purchases were smaller than the HPE move. In Q3, Smith added media enterprise Tronc Inc. (TRNC), as well as cybersecurity outfit Imperva Inc. (IMPV), sporting goods store Cabela's Inc. (CAB) and more. In each of these cases, Starboard's new stake was relatively small, with each being valued in the tens of millions of dollars or less. Starboard's activist positions typically account for $200 million or more.

Sales in Other Areas

Starboard Value also sold off shares in other positions to make room for the increases above. The company had previously advocated for the sale of Yahoo (YHOO) earlier in 2016. Yahoo remains a major player in Starboard's portfolio, with the fund owning roughly 13 million shares, or $530 million worth of Yahoo stock. The biggest decline in position in Starboard's portfolio for the quarter was Darden Restaurants. Starboard sold off all 3.89 million shares of the restaurant group, exiting the position entirely.

It also cut its position in Baxter International Inc. (BAX) considerably, dropping from 2.8 million shares by the end of Q2 to 1.85 million shares by the end of Q3. Although Smith may not have purchased enough new stock in any company to control a large enough portion to take on an activist stance, it is likely that he is aiming for that direction in the future, so analysts will no doubt be keeping an eye on where he invests. Facebook launches new Messenger games that will transport you to the '80s In its unending quest to ensure your eyeballs never stray too far from its products, Facebook (FB) has launched a new Instant Games platform for Messenger. Available with the latest version of Messenger for iOS and Android, which began rolling out Tuesday in 30 countries, Instant Games includes classics like  Arkanoid,  Galaga,   Pac-Man  and  Space Invaders,  as well as newer offerings like  Words with Friends: Frenzy,   Endless Lake  and more.

To start a game, you enter a conversation with a friend   1 billion people use Messenger, so you should know at least someone   tap the controller icon above the text box and select the game you want to play. Once you re finished, Messenger will share your score with your friend so they can try to top it. Or you can just brag about how awesome you are at  Galaga,  either or.

View photos Facebook is bringing new and classic games to Messenger. More

You don t have to play with someone every time you re feeling a gaming itch either, as Facebook says you ll also be able to play solo games. Of course, the introduction of Instant Games also means your News Feed will once again be clogged with notifications telling you who s playing what games. So that ll be fun.

View photos  Pac-Man  is one of Facebook Messenger s new Instant Games. More

This isn t the first time Facebook has added games to Messenger. The social network previously introduced hidden soccer and basketball games within the app. According to Facebook, 1.2 billion games of basketball have been played already, so you can imagine why the company would want to launch more traditional games.

 Why is Facebook launching so many games?  you ask. The social network is trying to ensure that you never want to leave its apps for any competitors  offerings. The inclusion of games from developers like King and Zynga is especially interesting, as they use the popular freemium gaming model, which lets you download and play games for free, but requires that you cough up an extra fee to play certain levels or continue playing after a set period of time.

Facebook says this is just the beginning of games in Messenger, which means we ll hopefully start to see even more addictive classics in the coming months.

More from Dan:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. Marquee Energy Ltd. and Alberta Oilsands Inc. Announce Settlement With ... CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - November 29, 2016) -

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWS SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES

Marquee Energy Ltd. ("Marquee") (TSX VENTURE: MQL) and Alberta Oilsands Inc. ("AOS") (TSX VENTURE: AOS) are pleased to announce that they have reached a settlement with Smoothwater Capital Corporation ("Smoothwater") in respect of Smoothwater's prior opposition to the proposed acquisition of Marquee by AOS through a plan of arrangement involving Marquee, its shareholders and AOS (the "Arrangement") and the completion of the short-form vertical amalgamation contemplated to immediately follow completion of the Arrangement to form "Marquee Energy Ltd." ("New Marquee").

In a standstill, nomination and voting agreement (the "Agreement") entered into on November 28, 2016, Marquee, AOS and Smoothwater have agreed to the following terms:

Smoothwater will immediately cease all actions related to the opposition of the Arrangement before any and all courts, securities commissions, the TSX Venture Exchange and any other governmental or regulatory authority.

Smoothwater has withdrawn its requisition for a meeting of AOS shareholders and ceased all proxy solicitations in connection therewith.

Smoothwater has agreed to a standstill during the period commencing as of the date of the Agreement through the earlier of (i) the close of the annual meeting of shareholders of New Marquee in 2018, and (ii) June 30, 2018 (the " Restricted Period "), relating to the solicitation of proxies, the initiation of shareholder proposals and the requisitioning of shareholder meetings.

"), relating to the solicitation of proxies, the initiation of shareholder proposals and the requisitioning of shareholder meetings. The annual and special meeting of AOS shareholders currently scheduled for December 28, 2016 will be extended to a date on or before February 28, 2017, at which meeting: (i) all holders of common shares of New Marquee (including former Marquee shareholders who became AOS shareholders on completion of the Arrangement) will be entitled to vote; and (ii) New Marquee will solicit proxies in favour of the election of the Nominees (as defined below) to the board of directors of New Marquee (the " Board ").

"). Marquee, AOS and Smoothwater have agreed to support the appointment of the following nominees to the Board effective upon completion of the Arrangement: Stephen Griggs (the " Smoothwater Nominee "), William Roach (Chair), Robert Waters, Richard Thompson, Adrian Goodisman, Paul Moase and Leonard Sokolow (collectively, the " Nominees ").

"), William Roach (Chair), Robert Waters, Richard Thompson, Adrian Goodisman, Paul Moase and Leonard Sokolow (collectively, the " "). Upon completion of the Arrangement and during the Restricted Period, the committees of the Board will be constituted as follows: Audit Committee: Robert Waters (Chair), Paul Moase and Leonard Sokolow; Governance and Compensation Committee: Stephen Griggs (Chair), Robert Waters and Paul Moase; Strategy Committee: Adrian Goodisman (Chair), William Roach and Stephen Griggs; and Reserves Committee: William Roach (Chair), Adrian Goodisman and Richard Thompson.

Audit Committee: Robert Waters (Chair), Paul Moase and Leonard Sokolow;

Governance and Compensation Committee: Stephen Griggs (Chair), Robert Waters and Paul Moase;

Strategy Committee: Adrian Goodisman (Chair), William Roach and Stephen Griggs; and

Reserves Committee: William Roach (Chair), Adrian Goodisman and Richard Thompson.

Smoothwater shall be entitled to appoint a replacement Smoothwater Nominee as a director to the Board from time to time during the Restricted Period, provided that: (i) Smoothwater at such time continues to own 5% or more of the common shares of New Marquee (not taking into account any share issuances by New Marquee after the completion of the Arrangement, including without limitation the share issuance by New Marquee to Smoothwater described below); and (ii) such replacement director shall be subject to the approval of a majority of the Board, acting reasonably.

On closing of the Arrangement, New Marquee will reimburse a portion of Smoothwater's documented expenses and issue to Smoothwater an aggregate of 1,000,000 common shares of New Marquee at a deemed price of $0.11 per share, being the trading price of the common shares of AOS on the TSX Venture Exchange at the close of trading on November 28, 2016 (the last trading day before announcement of the Agreement).

Each of Marquee and AOS, on the one hand, and Smoothwater, on the other, released the other (and its affiliates, subsidiaries and representatives) from all losses, claims or causes of action arising on or prior to the date of the Agreement.

"It is in the best interests of Marquee, AOS and their respective shareholders to amicably resolve the dispute with Smoothwater and proceed with completing the Arrangement in a prompt manner," said Richard Thompson, President & Chief Executive Officer of Marquee.

"AOS is pleased to be able to settle the dispute with Smoothwater and consummate the transaction with Marquee. The completion of the Arrangement will provide the combined company with the liquidity to act upon organic and strategic opportunities going forward," said Binh Vu, the Interim Chief Executive Officer of AOS.

"New Marquee is excited to welcome and work with the Smoothwater representative to build a well-capitalized combined company positioned to create long-term value for all shareholders," said Richard Thompson.

Marquee intends to seek a final order from the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta in respect of the Arrangement as soon as reasonably practical and closing of the Arrangement is expected to occur shortly thereafter, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain additional customary closing conditions contained in the arrangement agreement between Marquee and AOS dated August 19, 2016, as amended October 11, 2016.

ABOUT MARQUEE

Marquee Energy Ltd. is a Calgary based, junior energy company focused on high rate of return light oil development and production. Marquee is committed to growing the company through exploitation of existing opportunities and continued consolidation within its core area at Michichi. Marquee's shares are traded on the TSX Venture Exchange under the trading symbol "MQL" and on the OTC marketplace under the symbol "MQLXF". A corporate presentation and additional information about Marquee may be found on its website www.marquee-energy.com and in its continuous disclosure documents filed with Canadian securities regulators on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR) at www.sedar.com.

ABOUT AOS

AOS holds bitumen leases in the Athabasca oil sands region of northeast Alberta. The company's head office is located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and its common shares are traded on the TSX Venture Exchange under the trading symbol "AOS".

ADDITIONAL ADVISORIES

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION

Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this news release may constitute forward-looking statements under applicable securities legislation. Such forward-looking statements or information typically contain statements with words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "estimate", "propose", or similar words suggesting future outcomes or statements regarding an outlook. Specific forward-looking statements or information in this news release include statements with respect to the anticipated timing of seeking and receiving a final order from the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta in respect of the Arrangement, the anticipated timing of closing the Arrangement, the anticipated timing of holding the annual meeting of shareholders of New Marquee, the anticipated constitution of the board of directors and committees of New Marquee upon completion of the Arrangement and other anticipated steps to occur concurrent with, or after giving effect to, completion of the Arrangement.

Read More Woolrich Inc. and Woolrich Europe Announce Merger Aimed to Accelerate the ... WOOLRICH, Pa. and BOLOGNA, Italy, Nov. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Woolrich Inc., America's oldest outdoor clothing company and one of the world's leading manufacturers of outdoor lifestyle apparel, and Woolrich Europe, licensee of the trademark for Europe and Asia, owned by W.P. Lavori in Corso, jointly-announced today the completion of an agreement to merge into Woolrich International, a new holding company responsible for leading and accelerating the future growth and development of the Woolrich brand, both in the North American market and worldwide.

The agreement includes all of the entity's industrial assets, the rights associated with the brand and the entire distribution network. Financial terms of the private transaction have not been disclosed.

The newly-formed company, Woolrich International will be headquartered in London and will coordinate the operating offices in New York City, Woolrich Pennsylvania, and Bologna and Milan, Italy. The new entity will have a global workforce of 300 people, with a closing provision of an annual turnover of $190 million for 2016. This transaction allows the Woolrich brand to continue its path of development with prospects for an annual average growth of 12% from 2017 to 2020, expected to reach an annual turnover of $300 million by 2020, employing 500 people. This expansion is supported by a capital expenditure plan of about $50 million, aimed to reach over 60 points of sale.

Woolrich International, at the end of the 4 years strategic plan, aims to be listed through an IPO in a prominent international stock market with the purpose to sustain the second growth phase on the emerging markets with superior potential. The execution of the IPO will be evaluated even considering possible strategic alliances which can accelerate the implementation of the 2017-2020 plan.

Founded in 1830 by John Rich with the establishment of the original Woolrich Woolen Mill, still operative in Pennsylvania, Woolrich Inc. is the epitome of the history of the U.S. outdoor apparel industry. What started during the Civil War as a response to the need for appropriate clothing and blankets has evolved into an original American clothing company that weaves its tradition and craft into purpose-inspired, functional, protective and durable products.

W.P. Lavori in Corso has been a partner of Woolrich since 1984, initially involved in its distribution, then, in 1998, evolving the collaboration into an official license to design, produce and distribute Woolrich products, starting in Italy, then expanding into Europe and Asia. Thanks to the launch of the Woolrich John Rich & Bros. collection and its original icon Arctic Parka, Woolrich has become a leading brand in the contemporary outerwear market, present today in 45 countries with a network of 25 stores.

The industrial merger of Woolrich Inc. and Woolrich Europe establishes a new industry leader, leveraging Woolrich Inc.'s recognized leadership as a pioneer in textile manufacturing and outdoor specialist in the North American market, and Woolrich Europe's well-known premium branding, marketing, design, creativity and international distribution capabilities.

Cristina Calori, Chairman and CEO of W.P. Lavori in Corso and Woolrich Europe, will lead the merged organization, assuming the role of Chairman of Woolrich International. Paolo Corinaldesi has been appointed Chief Executive Officer. Andrea Can , Creative Director for Woolrich Europe, has been appointed Global Creative Director with complete creative responsibility for all Woolrich collections and brand image. Nicholas Brayton, 7th-generation descendent of founder John Rich, will continue his role of President of Woolrich Inc., leading the North American market.

W.P. Lavori in Corso will control and consolidate the new entity, while the Rich family will continue to own a significant stake.

The Woolrich strategic plan is based on the following pillars:

Forward expansion and global development of the Woolrich John Rich & Bros. label as an outerwear leader, supported by strong marketing investments, development of the retail network (stores and shop in shop), acceleration of the e-commerce channel, and partnership with selected retailers

supported by strong marketing investments, development of the retail network (stores and shop in shop), acceleration of the e-commerce channel, and partnership with selected retailers Re-launch of the Woolrich Outdoor clothing label with a new global development plan

with a new global development plan Development plan for Greater China , with the establishment of a dedicated company

, with the establishment of a dedicated company Reinforce and exploit the Woolen Mill (Woolrich, PA), one of the oldest and still operating woolen mills in America for the production of Made in USA textiles and blankets

Cristina Calori, Chairman of Woolrich International commented: "We are extremely proud of this industrial deal, as with over 32 years of collaboration, we have built an excellent relationship between the Woolrich and W.P. families. We are determined to enhance our successful business model to foster development of the brand all over the world."

Read More 
2016-08-17
Idea Buyer, LLC Tops Inc. 5000 List at No. 197 COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Inc. Magazine has officially released its list of the top 5000 fastest-growing private companies in the United States. Among the top 500 was Columbus-based company, Idea Buyer, LLC placing with the 197th highest percentage of revenue growth over a three-year period, nationwide.

Idea Buyer, LLC Logo More

On the 35th annual Inc. 5000 list, Idea Buyer joins only four other Ohio-based companies in the top 200, while receiving their first recognition of this award. Being a part of the Inc. 5000 is considered one of the most prestigious awards in business and particularly this year, as it is being called one of the most competitive.

"Building a debt-free company, capable of growth worth recognizing means a lot to our company," says Idea Buyer President and CEO, Eric Corl. "In addition to the great people that make up our team, a portion of our company's success can be attributed to Ohio being a small business friendly state. Growing up in Cleveland and attending The Ohio State University, I take a lot of pride in knowing that we have been able to steadily grow our company right here in Columbus."

Requirements for consideration of the Inc. 5000 award included a minimum 2012 revenue of $100,000 and a minimum 2015 revenue of $2 million. The average percentage growth of the 5000 privately held, U.S.-based, independent, for profit companies was 433% over the three-year period. Idea Buyer more than quadrupled the average percentage with a 1,912.2% growth.

"In addition to offering a high-quality service that is needed in our industry, the solidarity that we see between our sales and fulfillment teams is unlike anything I have seen elsewhere," says Idea Buyer Partner, Colin Egbert. "When you align those two unique qualities with a solid foundation from management, explosive growth is inevitable."

Idea Buyer, LLC will be recognized in the September issue of Inc. magazine, hitting newsstands August 23rd and at the annual Inc. 5000 conference, October 18-20 in San Antonio, Texas.

More about Idea Buyer, LLC:

Idea Buyer, LLC is a new product development company that focuses on bringing new products to consumer markets. Idea Buyer President & CEO, Eric Corl, founded the company in 2007 while attending The Ohio State University. While Corl originally started Idea Buyer as an online marketplace for intellectual property, the company has found significant growth through partnering with select entrepreneurs and providing assistance in bringing their products to a targeted market.

Idea Buyer, LLC has grown to over 30 employees and are currently looking to add to their team. In addition to the Dublin, Ohio main office, the company hosts other offices in San Diego, California and Las Vegas, Nevada.

For more information, visit www.IdeaBuyer.com or contact Lindsey Yeauger at Lindsey@Ideabuyer.com.

(Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160816/398603)

Media Contact: Lindsey Yeauger, Idea Buyer, LLC, 6144250156, Lindsey@Ideabuyer.com

News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com 
2016-06-30
Yahoo (YHOO) Shareholders Meeting 2016: Endgame For Marissa Mayer? Internet giant Yahoo Inc. will hold what is likely to be its last shareholders meeting Thursday at 2:00 p.m. PDT (5:00 p.m. EDT). Many of the struggling company s shareholders   especially the bigger, institutional ones   are eager for the company to sell its assets, for which there are numerous bidders.

Shareholders are also expected to approve a revamped management board, including four new members recommended by activist investor Starboard Value. Its CEO Jeffrey Smith was named to Yahoo s board of directors in April. The three other nominees are Tor R. Braham, the longtime head of technology mergers and acquisitions at Warburg Dillon Read, a subsidiary of UBS; Richard S. Hill, a veteran technology and defense executive who most recently served as the CEO of Tessera Technologies Inc.; and Eddy W. Hartenstein, a former CEO of the Tribune Co. and DirecTV.

Smith has been the most vocal proponent for Yahoo to sell its core business, an issue that is certain to be raised at the Thursday meeting. Several companies, including Verizon, AT&T, Daily Mail, private equity firms and even Warren Buffett, are said to be interested in the assets.

After market closing Wednesday, Yahoo had a market cap of over $35 billion, but most of the company s valuable assets are in Asia, where Yahoo Japan operates as a separate entity and the company owns a big stake in China s internet behemoth Alibaba Group. Investors like Starboard Value argue that Yahoo s core business is holding back growth in its profitable assets.

Its core internet business, which includes Yahoo-branded websites and apps, as well as blogging service Tumblr and photo-sharing website Flickr, is said to be valued between $4 billion and $6 billion, and Verizon is seen as the front-runner for buying it.

Christopher Marangi, a co-chief investment officer at GAMCO Investors Inc., which owns roughly 2 million Yahoo shares, told SFGate:  There is tremendous amount of shareholder pressure to consummate the sale. At the price being discussed, a sale seems the most likely option. 

Marissa Mayer was brought in from Google as CEO in 2012, but she hasn t been able to check the slide in the company s fortunes, despite hiring engineers and acquiring businesses worth more than $2 billion.

Shares of Yahoo closed 2.28 percent higher on Nasdaq on Wednesday, while the broader Nasdaq Composite index closed up by 1.86 percent. 
2016-01-04
Yahoo's Core Is An Ideal LBO Target Through the sale of the core and not the Alibaba stake the tax liability would be reduced and shareholder value would increase.

It is no secret that approximately three-fourths of Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) current value is directly linked to the company's 384 million share stake in Alibaba (NYSE:BABA). This investment has resulted in a strong correlation between shares of Yahoo and Alibaba, with Yahoo's price tracking that of Alibaba. The graphic below illustrates this fairly well. Notice that during the summer months both stocks slid in lockstep as concerns regarding Chinese growth led to mass selling in anything China related. However, as these concerns have eased, shares of Alibaba have recovered much more quickly than Yahoo, creating an opportunity for investors.

YHOO data by YCharts

Some may credit this recovery gap to the board's recent decision to cancel the proposed spinoff of the company's Alibaba holding amidst concerns regarding the potential taxation of the assets in the spin. However, the board did disclose that they were still attempting to unlock value through divestitures and would explore other options including the sale of Yahoo's core business. It appears as though they are following through on the plan, contacting potential buyers for a plot of land in Silicon Valley that should fetch north of $100 million.

The exploration of new value-enhancing options could lead to the sale of Yahoo's core business, but what company's would be interested? For starters, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has been rumored as a potential buyer after purchasing AOL for $4.4 billion. Additionally, companies such as Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) (CMCSK), Time Warner Cable (TWC), News Corp (NASDAQ:NWS) and Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) have all been rumored to have expressed interest in all or some of the assets in Yahoo's internet business.

Despite all the potential public interest, the most likely buyer, in my opinion would be a private equity firm for a few reasons. First off, while the business may be in decline, it does generate sizable cash flows in a somewhat mature industry. Secondly, the management team at Yahoo has been under fire lately, with some demanding a change in leadership, citing a lack of innovation and value creation from current CEO Marissa Mayer.

Regardless if you agree with the Mayer critics or not, it's easy to see the lack of confidence in her by a multitude of investors. Additionally, Yahoo appears to lack a viable plan to organically grow the business moving forward. The only value creation expected in the near future would be from the sale of assets and investments. Stable cash flows, management issues and lack of a future growth plans are characteristics that most private equity targets have in common. Not to mention the fact that many companies have been rumored to express interest in pieces of Yahoo's core business. These pieces (business segments like Tumblr, BrightRoll or Flury) could be broken off and sold individually by a PE firm, reducing the potential downside in such a transaction.

Taking all of this into account, it would appear as though Yahoo could be a prime candidate for a leveraged buyout by a private equity firm. Looking at the core business in this manor, what would a PE firm be willing to pay? In order to find a plausible purchase price, I constructed a simple LBO model.

PE firms that are involved in leveraged buyouts typically have a 3-5 year turnaround in which they attempt to pay down the debt used to fund the purchase and re-sell the company. In the model above, the estimated exit date is 2018, implying a holding period of three years.

The borrowing capacity in the model is set at six times TTM EBITDA, implying initial borrowings of $6.876 billion. All free cash flows over the minimum cash balance are expected to go toward the paying down of the debt in each of the proceeding years. This is shown in the debt schedule.

Revenue is forecasted to continue to deteriorate slowly year-over-year, while EBITDA and FCF margins are frozen after 2015 to simulate increased cost cutting once the company would be taken private. Based on these estimates, a 2x multiple on 2018 EBITDA would imply a future resale value of just under $1.7 billion. Adding projected net cash of $2 billion generates a total implied equity value at resale of roughly $3.7 billion. Assuming the financial sponsor in this scenario would require a 30% return on investment, the most they would be willing to shell out today before taking on debt would be about $1.7 billion. Applying the estimated 6x leverage to the purchase implies a total plausible purchase price of Yahoo's core internet business of $8.58 billion.

Reconciling this estimate with the other major Yahoo holdings generates an implied equity value of $40.62 per share. This estimate includes a 10% discount to current market value for the company's Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes. The discount was deemed necessary because the two holdings would still be packaged together and the only way to separate them would be a future sale or spinoff, at which point taxation would need to be accounted for.

The major reason for the creation of value here is based on the difference in expected tax liability for the sale of the core business vs. the sale of the Alibaba stake. In this instance, the tax bill is estimated to be at most $3.4 billion, where as the spinoff of the 384 million Alibaba shares would result in potential taxation of $12.5 billion.

Based on the assumptions made above, the fair enterprise value of Yahoo's parts is 21% higher than the stock's current price. This value could be unlocked by the exploration and successful execution of a sale of the core business. And in my opinion, the most likely buyer of the core would be a PE firm because of the company's steady cash flows and salable assets. Through the sale of the company's core, the board of directors would essentially back its way into a holding company that would consist of the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes. Then, if they so choose, the company could explore the sale of its Yahoo Japan holding to truly create an Alibaba spinoff without the tax liability.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Yahoo must face class action over text messages: US judge Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during her keynote address at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada January 7, 2014. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

Yahoo Inc was ordered by a Chicago federal judge on Monday to face a class action lawsuit accusing the Internet company of sending unsolicited text messages to Sprint Corp cellphone users in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.

U.S. District Judge Manish Shah said the users could sue as a group over messages sent in March 2013 because their claims had enough in common.

Shah rejected Yahoo's arguments that a class action could subject it to damages that were disproportionate to the alleged harm, promote "piecemeal" litigation covering other time periods and phone carriers, and thwart Congress' desire that claims be brought individually in small claims court.

More than 500,000 cellphone users could be part of the class, court papers show.

The plaintiffs accused Yahoo of sending them automated "welcome" messages when other users sent them separate messages via the Yahoo Messenger service.

They said the welcome messages constituted unauthorized advertising for Yahoo services, violating the federal TCPA and subjecting the Sunnyvale, California-based company to damages of up to $1,500 per message if the violations were willful.

The case was brought by Rachel Johnson, an Illinois resident who claimed to receive a welcome message from Yahoo after being sent a spam text message from another user advertising a means to reduce high-cost debt.

Shah declined to certify a separate class of T-Mobile US Inc cellphone users for welcome messages sent in April 2014. He said the proposed plaintiff in that part of the case had consented to receiving welcome messages.

Yahoo did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Keith Keogh, a lawyer for Johnson, said: "We appreciate the court's thorough analysis."

The case is Johnson et al v. Yahoo Inc, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Nos. 14-02028, 14-02753.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Steve Orlofsky) 
2016-05-21
Yahoo alumni create networking app for ex-Yahoos So many people over the years have left Yahoo, the struggling Internet search pioneer, that they now have their own social network.

The new xY!z Network lets current and former employees enter a community filled with people who used to work at the Sunnyvale tech giant. The network s free app became available last week. A few hundred users have already signed up.

The  xY!z  can also be pronounced  ex-Yahoos.  The network s creators thought it best not to include the word  Yahoo  in the name, due to copyright concerns.

Amit Kumar, the former head of Yahoo s small-business programs, led the team that created the app and network. Like many in the Yahoo diaspora, he has fond memories of the camaraderie and teamwork there. Many have been disheartened by Yahoo s failure to increase its advertising market share, as well as its possible sale to Verizon or other suitors.

 The Yahoo mafia is there,  Kumar said.  They don t make that much noise, but they help each other all the time. 

Kumar, who jokes that he bleeds purple, worked at Yahoo twice, leaving in 2014 to found mobile startup Trimian. For the xY!z project, he worked with a team that included seven ex-Yahoos, along with other engineers.

Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Founder and CEO Amit Kumar of Trimian shows the xY!z Network, a...

Current or former employees enter their email addresses to sign up and then answer a few questions to determine what they hope to get out of the network.

They can choose from categories like career advice, industry expertise, new employment, raising funds or networking. App users can also select how they can help the group, whether through mentoring, consulting, hiring, investing or networking.

Then the app places the users in different chat groups based on their selections. For example, people who say they can help with hiring are in the same conversation as people who are looking for work. They can also join chat groups based on their former Yahoo departments.

The app even has an option to tell its users if there are fellow ex-Yahoos nearby.

Ian Kennedy, 49, joined because he hopes to network with others and mentor ex-Yahoos. Kennedy worked at Yahoo from 2005 to 2008 and is now a director of media-technology partnerships at SmartNews Inc., which offers a mobile app that curates news.

While he s already connected to former Yahoos on Facebook and LinkedIn, the app did cause his former college roommate, who also once worked at Yahoo, to reach out to Kennedy. It was the first time the two had talked to each other in years.

Yahoo  spawned a lot of talented people, and they are out there,  Kennedy said.  That s why this app is so interesting. Here s another tool to keep those connections strong. 

Kumar sees the network and app as ways to give back to a Yahoo community that has already helped him. When Kumar founded a previous startup, e-commerce firm Lexity, Yahoo managers helped fund it, he said. Yahoo bought Lexity in 2013.

 A large part of my success is thanks to the Yahoo network,  Kumar said.

A Yahoo spokeswoman declined to comment on the new app.

Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: thewendylee 
2016-10-23
AT&T-Time Warner may signal start of new media industry consolidation By David Shepardson and Jessica Toonkel

WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The tie-up of AT&T Inc <T.N> and Time Warner Inc <TWX.N>, bringing together one of the country's largest wireless and pay TV providers and cable networks like HBO, CNN and TBS, could kick off a new round of industry consolidation amid massive changes in how people watch TV.

Stocks of some programmers that could attract interest rose sharply on Friday as the deal of the year came together. Discovery Communications Inc <DISCA.O> gained 3.6 percent, AMC Networks Inc <AMCX.O> rose 3.9 percent and Scripps Networks Interactive Inc <SNI.O> jumped 5.6 percent.

Media content companies are having an increasingly difficult time as standalone entities, creating an opportunity for telecom, satellite and cable providers to make acquisitions, analysts say.

Media firms face pressure to access distribution as more younger viewers cut their cable cords and watch their favorite shows on mobile devices. Distribution companies, meanwhile, see acquiring content as a way to diversify revenue.

"The industry needs to consolidate," said Salvatore Muoio, whose firm invests in a number of media companies, including Time Warner. "You have a lot more competition from the likes of Netflix, Amazon and Hulu."

AT&T said late Saturday it will buy Time Warner for $85.4 billion in a combination of cash and stock, forging the biggest deal in the world this year. It expects to close the acquisition by the end of 2017.

AT&T chief executive Randall Stephenson said the deal "is a perfect match of two companies with complementary strengths who can bring a fresh approach to how the media and communications industry works for customers, content creators, distributors and advertisers."

Owning content will help AT&T "innovate on new advertising options, which, combined with subscriptions, will help pay for the cost of content creation," the company said Saturday.

But the deal and others will need to pass the scrutiny of regulators, who have raised increasing concerns about media mergers.





'SIGNIFICANT STRESS'





Shares of Walt Disney Co <DIS.N>, often thought of as a leader in content, are down 16 percent for the past year, noted Richard Greenfield, analyst at BTIG, who said the industry is under "significant stress."

Earlier this month, Disney Chief Executive Robert Iger highlighted the growing importance of distribution for content companies.

"The biggest thing that we're trying to do now is figure out what technology's role is in distributing the great content we have," Iger told attendees at a luncheon held by the Boston College Chief Executives Club.

Former Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Julius Genachowski, a partner at the Carlyle Group, said a AT&T-Time Warner deal "and other big potential deals reflect the landscape that's changing dramatically from wired to wireless with big changes in consumption of video particularly among millennials," he said.

The deal will face serious opposition.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Saturday vowed flatly to block a deal if elected.

"As an example of the power structure I'm fighting, AT&T is buying Time Warner and thus CNN, a deal we will not approve in my administration because it's too much concentration of power in the hands of too few," Trump said.

Senator Edward Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat, also raised serious concerns.

"In the telecommunications market, we need more competition, not more consolidation. We need a telecommunications market where pay-TV gatekeepers don t favor their own content providers," Markey said. "Less competition has historically resulted in fewer choices and higher prices for consumers, and this deal should be assessed with consumers, competition and choice in mind."

AT&T said the Justice Department will review the deal but said it is unclear if the FCC will also have to approve the deal since the companies haven't decided "which FCC licenses, if any, will be transferred to AT&T in connection with the transaction."





CONSOLIDATION TREND





Barclays analyst Amir Rozwadowski said distributors could increasingly look to buy content. "Companies that traditionally ran their businesses in 'siloed' environments are now expanding their reach into tangential markets in order to seek out new growth and bundling services in order to reduce churn," he said.

Read More 
2016-09-19
Google, Microsoft, Yahoo Will Block Indian Gender-Selection Ads Alphabet Inc. s Google, Yahoo! Inc. and Microsoft Corp. have agreed to block ads for Indian services that help determine a baby s sex before birth, adhering to laws intended to address one of the world s worst gender imbalances.

All three companies pledged to honor bans on the promotion of sexual-determination tests and related products, the health ministry told India s Supreme Court on Monday. The court was hearing a case that sought the abolition of all content on search engines that promote such services.

India s highest court this year reproached the search giants for disregarding domestic regulations, and warned them to abide by the law or cease operations in the country. But the trio of companies had said sweeping bans on offending key-words would also block non-promotional content such as research reports and news articles. The health ministry didn t say during Monday s testimony how the companies intended to effect the ban.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Female foeticide and infanticide are serious issues in India, where there were 943 females per 1,000 males according to the last nationwide census in 2011. Conducting, selling and advertising fetal sex-selection services was made a punishable offense in 1994, thus outlawing sex-determination and abortions. Yet thousands of female fetuses are aborted secretly every year in clinics across local communities with a strong preference for sons.

Some parents prefer sons because they re considered more reliable bread-winners and better able to carry on the family name. Male children are known to get better nutrition and education and a 2015 United Nations report said India had one of the world s most skewed sex ratios in the under-five age group. The UN added that 100 girls die by the age of five, compared with 93 boys.

Google said it has taken action to prevent searches and advertising to comply with local laws. That includes disabling auto-complete predictions for relevant terms on its site and showing a warning that tells users pre-natal gender screening or testing is illegal in India.

Yahoo said in an e-mail the company can t comment because the matter is subjudice. Microsoft didn t immediately respond to requests for comment. Facebook hires Anand Chandrasekaran in Messenger app push Anand Chandrasekaran was most recently chief product officer at Snapdeal, one of India s leading e-commerce start-up companies. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint

Bengaluru: Facebook Inc. has hired Anand Chandrasekaran, a former Yahoo Inc., Snapdeal and Bharti Airtel Ltd executive, to help develop strategies for its Facebook Messenger app, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.

In May, when Chandrasekaran quit Snapdeal, it was widely believed that he would take a second stab at entrepreneurship. Instead, he will join Facebook at its Menlo Park office in the US.

Chandrasekaran, 38, co-founded Aeroprise, a personalized mobile applications software company that was acquired by BMC Software Inc. in 2011.

At Snapdeal, run by Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd, Chandrasekaran is credited with launching a revamped version of the marketplace s website and app, introducing an image search feature and integrating Freecharge, the mobile payments firm Snapdeal acquired in April 2015 for $400 million.

In a Facebook post on Monday, Chandrasekaran said,  the best journeys bring you home .

Educated in India and the US, he moved to India and joined Airtel as its chief products officer in 2014 and moved to Snapdeal a year later.

Before joining Airtel, he spent 13 years at technology firms such as Yodlee, Openwave Systems and Yahoo, where he was senior director, search and mobile products.

In the post, Chandrasekaran, who confirmed that he was joining Facebook, described his time at Airtel, where he launched music streaming service Wynk and wallet service Airtel Money, and Snapdeal as  intense, humbling and incredible .

 Going native and reconnecting with the country you grew up in is something I didn t imagine I would get to do, let alone witnessing the entrepreneurial journey that is driving India forward. I saw first hand how it became cool to build code and products that solve problems, the heart of what makes the Valley and other ecosystems what it is. 

In a Quora post last week, Chandrasekaran wrote that he wanted to work on platforms that democratize technology.

 Core to every major platform I have worked on is a belief that technology should help level the playing field for all, something that is at the heart of Facebook and Messenger,  he said in the Facebook post.

The technology executive has also become a prolific angel investor and has invested between $25,000 and $50,000 in around 15 start-ups including food technology firm InnerChef, healthcare company Pluss and dating platform Aisle. Quest Solution, Inc. and Viascan Group Inc. Sign a Letter Of Intent for the ... EUGENE, OR / ACCESSWIRE / September 19, 2016 / Quest Solution, Inc. "The Company" (QUES), a leading provider in the technology, software, and mobile data collection systems business, announced today that Viascan Group Inc. and Quest Solution, Inc. have signed a letter of intent whereby all the shares of Quest Solution Canada Inc. will be sold back to Viascan Group Inc. Both parties are working to complete the Definitive Agreement in order to close the transaction as soon as possible.

Under the terms of the Letter of Intent, Quest Solution, Inc. will receive shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of Quest Solution, Inc. and exchangeable shares of Quest Exchange Ltd., forgiveness or payment of certain debts or liabilities or retention of certain assets, cash over a period of 4-5 months subsequent to the effective date of the transaction (subject to adjustment for the assumption or release of certain contracts and adjustment based on the value of net assets at closing). Quest Solution, Inc. will also receive a contingent consideration upon a liquidity event or a change of control of Quest Solution Canada Inc. for a period of 10 years subsequent to the transaction. Quest Solution, Inc. will also have the right of first refusal for any offer to purchase Quest Solution Canada Inc. during the same 10 year period. The consideration given for the transaction to the Company is estimated to be approximately $5.0 million (exclusive of the value of the contingent consideration). In return, Quest Solution, Inc will forgive the entire balance of the debts owing by Quest Solution Canada to the Company, estimated to be approximately $7.0 million. The consideration and intercompany debt described above are estimates and subject to adjustment at closing. The final terms and conditions of the transaction will be set forth in the definitive agreement.

While the transaction is being completed, Gilles Gaudreault will take a leave of absence as CEO of Quest Solution, Inc. and will resign as a director and officer effective with the date of closing. Tom Miller, currently Quest Solution, Inc. President and Chairman, will serve as the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer during Mr. Gaudreault's leave of absence. Once the transaction is completed, Mr. Gaudreault will become the CEO of the Canadian operations for Viascan Group Inc. Tom Miller commented, "The repurchase of the Canadian operations by Viascan Group Inc. will be beneficial for all the stakeholders. It will allow for the simplification of the respective operations, and will lead to more flexibility to affect operational and financial initiatives. This transaction will help us refocus on our respective strengths, reduce our costs and accelerate our path to profitability. Post transaction, the parties see potential opportunities to cooperate, especially on complementary products."

Gilles Gaudreault added, "Both parties will benefit from this transaction. It will give us greater flexibility and help us refocus on our core business. In the end, we needed to best align our operations and strengths."

About Quest Solution, Inc.

Quest Solution is a Specialty Systems Integrator focused on Field and Supply Chain Mobility. We are also a manufacturer and distributor of consumables (labels, tags, and ribbons), RFID solutions, and barcoding printers. Rated in the Top 1% of global solution providers, Quest specializes in the design, deployment and management of enterprise mobility solutions including Automatic Identification (AIDC), Mobile Cloud Analytics, RFID (Radio Frequency Identification), and proprietary Mobility software. Our mobility products and services offering is designed to identify, track, trace, share and connect data to enterprise systems such as CRM or ERP solutions.

Information about Forward-Looking Statements

"Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements in this press release relating to plans, strategies, economic performance and trends, projections of results of specific activities or investments, and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for Quest Solution, Inc.'s products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, the Company's ability to manage credit and debt structures from vendors, debt holders and secured lenders, the Company's ability to successfully integrate its acquisitions, risks related to the timing or ultimate completion of the sale of Quest Solution Canada Inc. to Viascan Group Inc. and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in Quest Solution Inc.'s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Examples of such forward looking statements in this release include, among others, statements regarding the proposed sale of Quest Solution Canada Inc. to Viascan Group Inc. and the expected benefits of the transaction. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Quest Solution, Inc. please refer to the Company's recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. Quest Solution, Inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless otherwise required by law.

Read More How EBay's CEO Plans to Take On Amazon EBay Inc. Chief Executive Officer Devin Wenig took the stage in a Las Vegas convention center with arms raised like a prize fighter after winning a stunning upset. This was the first time in eight years that EBay had gathered such a large group of sellers in one place to give them a chance to eat, drink, mingle and get the lowdown from the CEO. Wenig, in the job for about a year, knew he had some cheerleading to do. EBay has struggled to make headway against Amazon.com Inc., and many of these product-peddling merchants long the lifeblood of EBay's online bazaar have been putting their wares on the Seattle giant's site to boost their sales.

For Wenig, like his predecessor John Donahoe, EBay's perennial challenge remains confronting the Amazon threat while keeping investors, merchants and shoppers happy. But rather than beat Amazon at its own game selling virtually everything to anyone and delivering it lickety-split Wenig wants EBay to be the anti-Amazon, excelling in areas where Amazon lags. He s emboldened by forecasts showing that e-commerce remains in its infancy, meaning there s plenty of room for lots of players to grow and prosper. "The world doesn t have to choose between Amazon or EBay," he said in an interview in Las Vegas. "The world can comfortably have Amazon and EBay and it will."

Devin Wenig Photographer: Jin Lee/Bloomberg

Wearing khakis and a blue, button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up, Wenig paced the stage, clicking through slides and laying out his vision. He vowed to attract 100 million new shoppers with ads aimed at millennials with only a passing familiarity with EBay. He pledged to push hard into emerging markets like Turkey and chase customers wherever they congregate Facebook, Pinterest, Snapchat. He talked up a new search architecture that will make it easier for customers to discover new products, an effort to differentiate EBay from Amazon and its mission-shopping hordes. He vowed to respond quickly to merchants  concerns about unfair negative reviews. "We re not dropping the mic and walking off the stage," Wenig told them. "We re just getting started."

Having traveled from 42 states (and Canada), the 1,000-plus merchants in Vegas on that blistering July afternoon were true believers who rely on EBay for their livelihoods. Together, they sell more than $500 million a year on the marketplace. So they were ready for a pep talk and gave Wenig a rapturous reception, cheering and clapping once he was done. Few in the conference hall were willing to criticize a company they love, but their loyalty isn t limitless. Eloise Holbrook, an abstract painter in Ocala, Florida, started selling her work on EBay 12 years ago. When sales stalled a few years back, she began posting her wares on Etsy and Amazon. Now she s seeing signs of a turnaround and says her EBay sales increased 15 percent last year and are her primary source of income. "The EBay ship is steadying," she said. "I can find my buyers and they can find me."

Wenig, 49, isn t your typical technology executive; this is not a guy who started a company in his garage. Just weeks after Wenig graduated from Columbia Law School, his father died and the son found himself running the family business a publicly traded biotechnology firm called Nastech that specialized in making nasally administered drugs. He decided he wasn t right for that job, dabbled in corporate law, then in 1994 joined Reuters. Wenig rose through the ranks to run the markets division, which generated most of the company's revenue by selling news and information to the financial services industry.

About 10 years ago, he got a call from Yahoo! Inc. Then CEO Terry Semel was refashioning the internet portal as a media company and needed a successor with Wenig s credentials. Wenig even picked out a house in Silicon Valley, but backed out at the last minute. Friends say he was unsure if Yahoo could be turned around (a prescient analysis, as it turned out).

In 2011, Wenig was forced out of Reuters in a management shakeup. Within days, EBay CEO John Donahoe got in touch. He was looking for someone with experience running a big global technology platform to head up EBay s marketplace. They met for beers and lobster rolls in Nantucket, where Donahoe was vacationing. Once again Wenig wasn t sure, but he didn t want to be known as the man who passed up opportunities to run both Yahoo and EBay and agreed to come on board.

His introduction to the technology industry was bumpy. After hackers struck in 2014 and exposed thousands of customers' personal information, Wenig grappled with an appropriate response. Overuling executives who wanted to wait and to see if the data was used fraudulently, he decided to ask customers to change their passwords betting that would be less damaging to the brand. The decision was not universally admired, inside or outside the company. Next Google updated its search-engine algorithms in an effort to make search results more relevant to the user; EBay's rankings in Google searches fell, making it harder for new customers to find the site.

Then along came activist investor Carl Icahn, who began agitating for EBay to spin off PayPal. Icahn made the usual argument that the payments business be unshackled from the slow-growing parent to unlock its value. EBay fought Icahn for months and ultimately agreed to split in two; the deed was done in July of 2015.

Tapped to be CEO of the smaller EBay, Wenig wasn t sure he wanted the job. Venture capitalist Marc Andreessen, then a board member, wouldn t take no for an answer. Over glasses of bourbon, he appealed to Wenig s long-held admiration for Silicon Valley; an EBay failure would spook investors and send shock waves through the technology industry. This wasn t just about a job; it was about forging a legacy.  There are a lot of startups in the Valley that never make a difference in people s lives,  says Andreessen, who breakfasts regularly with Wenig to discuss emerging e-commerce technology.  EBay is one of the small number of companies that has. 

Today, Wenig s biggest challenge is refreshing the brand. When shoppers think of EBay if they think of it at all many imagine the online rummage sale of yesteryear, where you could snag a deal on someone s baseball card collection or video game console by bidding in an auction. And of course the occasional oddity still snatches headlines, like when a grilled cheese sandwich fetched $28,000 because the Virgin Mary s face appeared in the bread through an act of divine culinary intervention.

In fact, the auction and rummage sale is now a small part of the business. Ebay is much like any e-commerce site these days, replacing a trip to the mall by offering deals on new iPhones, Under Armour shirts and cordless drills from DeWalt. Yet, those changes haven t significantly resonated with shoppers. Despite being founded at about the same time as EBay in the late 1990s, Amazon has double the shoppers and traffic. Wenig is hoping EBay's return to television advertising this fall after dropping out in 2015 will boost sales during the crucial holiday shopping season.

Differentiating EBay from Amazon is the centerpiece of Wenig s strategy. Crucially, he has stopped competing in the area where the Seattle leviathan arguably has the biggest advantage: the speedy delivery of everyday merchandise. Instead, Wenig wants shoppers to come to EBay when they are planning vacations and need supplies, refreshing a wardrobe or curious about the latest gadgets. Amazon appeals to time-strapped shoppers with Dash buttons that let them quickly replenish laundry detergent and toilet paper when their stock is running low. Wenig wants to wow consumers with a sense of discovery as they meander through an online bazaar that makes shopping pleasurable and drives impulse sales beyond a narrowly focused online mission.

Despite being in business for two decades, EBay's search engine is still sometimes lacking. Wenig is pushing sellers to enter more precise keywords and product descriptions to make it easier for customers to find what they want. In July, EBay acquired SalesPredict, an Israeli company that forecasts customer buying behavior and can help EBay make sure inventory matches demand. The company also bought Expertmaker, a data analysis firm that gives EBay and merchants insights into what shoppers want and at what price. Wenig is now in the market for companies that make spell-correcting algorithms; turns out misspelled words are a leading cause of searches that yield no results. "EBay is going back to basics," says Webush analyst Gil Luria. "What they are doing is working."

There are bells and whistles too which inevitably include virtual reality. Ticket buyers who use EBay's Stubhub division get a virtual view of their seats, a feature that's proving popular with shoppers. With the upscale Australian department store chain Myer, EBay created a Virtual Reality Department Store, giving away 20,000 "shopticals" that let shoppers browse merchandise via augmented reality, a flavor of VR that lays computer graphics over the real world. Wenig is looking for ways to apply that technology to other goods sold on EBay, and he created a research team called "N" that is separate from the core business and focuses on big bets for the future.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Wenig has been making slow and steady progress. On July 20, EBay announced earnings that beat Wall Street estimates and revised upward its sales forecast for the rest of the year, sending shares to their highest point since the company split with PayPal. In a still weak economy brimming with competition, potential reversals are always one quarter away, but Wenig can take comfort that so far he has proved Carl Icahn wrong. About 14 months after the split, EBay shares are up 11 percent; PayPal s have barely budged. Tangoe, Inc. Receives Delisting Determination Letter from Nasdaq ORANGE, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Tangoe, Inc. (TNGO), a leading global provider of IT and Telecom Expense Management (TEM) software and related services, today announced that, as expected, it has received a letter from the Staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that the Staff had determined to delist Tangoe s securities as a result of the Company not being in compliance with Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), due to the Company s delays in filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31 and June 30, 2016 (the  Delayed Reports ). This rule requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).

The letter stated that, unless the Company requests an appeal of the delisting determination, trading of the Company s common stock will be suspended from the Nasdaq Global Select Market at the opening of business on September 22, 2016 and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the SEC, which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The letter specified that the Company may appeal the Staff s determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel and that the Company has until September 20, 2016 to submit a request for such a hearing.

The Company intends to timely request an appeal hearing. The Company intends to present at the hearing a plan to regain compliance with Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) and request the continued listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market pending such compliance. The Hearings Panel will have discretion to grant the Company an extension until March 10, 2017 to regain compliance with Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), however there can be no assurance that the Hearings Panel will grant the Company s requests.

The Company s submission of the request for an appeal hearing will automatically stay the suspension of trading of the Company s common stock for 15 days from the date of the request. The Company intends to include in its request for an appeal hearing a request for a further stay in the suspension of trading of the Company s common stock. The letter specified that a Hearings Panel would review the request for an extended stay and notify the Company of its conclusion as soon as is practicable, but in any event no later than 15 calendar days following the deadline to request the hearing.

As previously announced, the Delayed Reports were not timely filed due to the Company s ongoing restatement of its financial statements for the years 2013 and 2014, and the first three quarters of 2015. For more information regarding the restatement, please see the Notification of Late Filing on Form 12b-25 filed by the Company on August 10, 2016.

About Tangoe

Tangoe (TNGO) is a leading global provider of IT and Telecom Expense Management (TEM) software and services to a wide range of global enterprises and service providers. Tangoe helps companies transform the management of IT assets, services, expenses, and usage to create business value, increase efficiency, and deliver a positive impact to the bottom line. Additional information about Tangoe can be found at www.tangoe.com.

Tangoe is a registered trademark of Tangoe, Inc.

Forward-looking statements

Except for statements of historical fact, the matters discussed herein are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the applicable securities laws and regulations. The words  estimates ,  expects ,  intends  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements, including statements regarding additional time that Tangoe may be granted to regain compliance with Nasdaq rules, any stay that may be granted with respect to the delisting of Tangoe s common stock and Tangoe s ability to regain compliance with Nasdaq rules, involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those stated here. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the time and effort required for Tangoe to complete the restatement of its financial statements and the timing and outcome of any Nasdaq decision with respect to Tangoe s requests. Forward-looking statements reflect management's analysis as of the date hereof. The Company does not undertake to revise these statements to reflect subsequent developments.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160919006279/en/ Unilever to Acquire Seventh Generation, Inc. LONDON & ROTTERDAM, Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Unilever announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire Seventh Generation, Inc., the North American home and personal care products company.

Based in Vermont, Seventh Generation is a pioneer in corporate responsibility and sustainable product innovations, including plant-based detergents and household cleaners. The company s turnover exceeded US $200m in 2015 and it has seen double digit compounded annual growth over the last 10 years.

Seventh Generation has a comprehensive product portfolio and a distribution network covering the  natural  category in grocery, mass merchandise and e-commerce channels.

Nitin Paranjpe, President of Unilever s Home Care business said:  Seventh Generation has long been a disruptor in the US marketplace, leading the industry in sustainable innovation while attracting new generations of conscious consumers. This addition to Unilever s product portfolio will help us meet rising demand for high-quality products with a purpose. 

Kees Kruythoff, President of Unilever North America, added:  We re thrilled to add Seventh Generation to our brand portfolio, providing us with the opportunity to accelerate growth with our retail partners and connect in new ways with consumers. Adding Seventh Generation to Unilever s portfolio of purpose-driven brands like Ben & Jerry s and Dove demonstrates our continued commitment to the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Seventh Generation CEO John Replogle said:  For 28 years, Seventh Generation has been creating products that are not only effective but also designed with environmental and human health in mind while demonstrating that business can have a greater purpose, serving not just profit but people and the planet as well. Today marks the next chapter and we re proud to join Unilever and its shared vision for purpose-led business on a global scale. Working together we are confident we can have a positive impact on the health of billions of people around the world, truly fulfilling our mission of nurturing the next seven generations while transforming global commerce. 

Terms of the deal were not disclosed. The transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals.

About Unilever:

Unilever is one of the world s leading suppliers of Personal Care, Food, Home Care and Refreshment products with sales in over 190 countries and reaching 2 billion consumers a day. It has 169,000 employees and generated sales of  53.3 billion in 2015. Over half (58%) of the company s footprint is in developing and emerging markets. Unilever has more than 400 brands found in homes around the world, including Persil, Dove, Knorr, Domestos, Hellmann s, Lipton, Wall s, PG Tips, Ben & Jerry s, Marmite, Magnum and Lynx.

Unilever s Sustainable Living Plan commits to:

Helping more than a billion people take action to improve their health and well-being by 2020.

Halving the environmental impact of our products by 2030.

Enhancing the livelihoods of millions of people by 2020.

Unilever was ranked number one in its sector in the 2016 Dow Jones Sustainability Index. In the FTSE4Good Index, it achieved the highest environmental score of 5. It led the list of Global Corporate Sustainability Leaders in the 2016 GlobeScan/SustainAbility annual survey for the sixth year running. Unilever was ranked the most sustainable food and beverage company in Oxfam s Behind the Brands Scorecard in 2016 for the second year.

For more information about Unilever and its brands, please visit www.unilever.com. For more information on the USLP: www.unilever.com/sustainable-living/

About Seventh Generation

Established in 1988, in Burlington, Vermont, Seventh Generation is one of the leading US brands of household and personal care products. The company lives its commitment of "caring today for seven generations of tomorrows," with products formulated to provide mindful solutions for the air, surfaces, fabrics, pets and people within your home -- and for the community and environment outside of it. A pioneer in corporate responsibility, Seventh Generation continually improves ways to reduce its environmental impact, increase performance and safety, and create a more sustainable supply chain. To learn more about Seventh Generation products and business practices, locate a retailer in your area, or review Seventh Generation's Corporate Consciousness Report, visit www.seventhgeneration.com.

Safe Harbour:

This announcement may contain forward-looking statements, including 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as 'will', 'aim', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'intends', 'looks', 'believes', 'vision', or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Unilever group (the "Group"). They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance.

Read More For the 3rd Consecutive Time, Global Data Solutions Inc. (GDS) Appears on the ... FALLS CHURCH, Va., Sept. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Inc. magazine ranked Global Data Solutions Inc. (GDS) NO.4163 on its 35th annual Inc. 5000, the most prestigious ranking of the nation's fastest-growing private companies. The list represents a unique look at the most successful companies within the American economy's most dynamic segment  its independent small businesses. Companies such as Microsoft, Dell, Domino's Pizza, Pandora, Timberland, LinkedIn, Yelp, Zillow, and many other well-known names gained their first national exposure as honorees of the Inc. 5000.

Global Data Solutions (GDS) More

"Global Data Solutions (GDS) is extremely honored to be one of the very few companies recognized by Inc. magazine for third consecutive year". "Our consistently strong growth rate since the Company's inception in 2007 is a direct reflection of the global market's accelerating demand for GDS's ultra-responsive, premium-level IT services, Market Research, Engineering and staffing.

Our significant growth is a direct result of our entire team's commitment to our customers and a culture of delivering on our promises and of always exceeding expectations."

- Mr. Nageswara (Rao) Morampudi, CEO & President.

The 2016 Inc. 5000, unveiled online at Inc.com and with the top 500 companies featured in the September issue of Inc. (available on newsstands August 23) is the most competitive crop in the list's history. The average company on the list achieved a mind-boggling three-year growth of 433%. The Inc. 5000's aggregate revenue is $200 billion, and the companies on the list collectively generated 640,000 jobs over the past three years, or about 8% of all jobs created in the entire economy during that period. Complete results of the Inc. 5000, including company profiles and an interactive database that can be sorted by industry, region, and other criteria, can be found at www.inc.com/inc5000.

"The Inc. 5000 list stands out where it really counts," says Inc. President and Editor-In-Chief Eric Schurenberg. "It honors real achievement by a founder or a team of them. No one makes the Inc. 5000 without building something great   usually from scratch. That's one of the hardest things to do in business, as every company founder knows. But without it, free enterprise fails."

The annual Inc. 5000 event honoring all the companies on the list will be held from October 18 through 20, in San Antonio, TX. Speakers include some of the greatest entrepreneurs of this and past generations, such as best-selling author and strategist Tony Robbins, SoulCycle co-founders Elizabeth Cutler and Julie Rice, Cornerstone OnDemand founder, president and CEO Adam Miller, Marvell Technology Group director and co-founder Weili Dai, and New Belgium Brewing co-founder and executive chair Kim Jordan.

About GDS:

Global Data Solutions Inc. (GDS) has EIGHT years track record of providing best in class IT Services, Data Science & Research, Engineering Services, Staff Augmentation and Custom Application development to Commercial, Government and Non-Profit Clients. We are an award-winning Global provider of IT services and solutions that help our Clients improve business performance and achieve higher Return on Investment.

Visit our website: http://www.GlobalDataSolutions.com/

View Global Data Solutions Inc. 500 Honoree profile here: http://www.inc.com/profile/gds?cid=full500016-list-4163

Read More 
2016-06-14
TPG Said Among Three Buyout Groups to Make Final Yahoo Round Advent is also said to participate in upcoming proposals

Private equity suitors TPG, Advent International Corp. and a partnership of Sycamore Partners and Vector Capital Management are into the final round of bidding for Yahoo Inc., according to people familiar with the matter.

The three buyout groups join Verizon Communications Inc., AT&T Inc. and Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert in the last weeks of the bidding process, with each vying to win Yahoo s core Internet business, as well as some of its intellectual property and real estate assets.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

All of the offers value Yahoo from about $4 billion to $6 billion except for Verizon, said one of the people, all of whom asked not to be identified as the matter is private. Verizon s bid was lower -- from $3.75 billion to $4 billion -- because it doesn t include Yahoo s patents and real estate, the person said. Verizon would be willing to acquire both additional assets, people familiar with the matter said last week.

The bids are difficult to compare because each includes a different amount of Yahoo s intellectual property, the people said. Assessing offers for different assets extended the auction period, they said.

Buyout firm TPG offered from $5 billion to $6 billion for Yahoo s core internet business, patents and real estate holdings. TPG, which sees itself as Yahoo s best chance to turn around a struggling business, has had preliminary talks with strategic partners, although it continues to bid alone, one of the people said.

A winning bidder for some combination of Yahoo s assets will probably be chosen early next month, the people said.

Yahoo shares climbed 2.6 percent to close at $37.40 in New York Tuesday.

Smaller Assets

Sycamore and Vector, two investment firms that have teamed up to bid, typically invest in smaller assets. Sycamore focuses on retail and consumer investments, rather than technology firms, and owns stakes in shoe retailer Nine West Holdings Inc. and department store chain Belk Inc., according to its website. Vector invests in tech companies including Gerber Scientific Inc. and Triton Digital.

While the group is still in the running, Sycamore and Vector probably don t have the capital resources to win, one of the people said.

Apax Partners and a group comprising Bain Capital LP and Vista Equity Partners are no longer involved in the process, the people said.

AT&T and Gilbert, whose effort is backed by Warren Buffett, each bid about $5 billion for Yahoo, including at least some of its patents as well as the real estate assets, people with knowledge of the matter said last week.

To listen to Bloomberg reporters discuss Buffett s decision to back a Yahoo bid, click here

Representatives for Apax, AT&T, TPG, Sycamore, Verizon, Vista and Yahoo declined to comment. Representatives for Advent, Bain, Vector and Dan Gilbert didn t immediately respond to requests for comment.

Bidding War

Private equity firms may find it difficult to compete with strategic companies if a bidding war ensues. Given Yahoo s declining profitability and revenue, lenders aren t likely to provide financing of more than four times adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, appreciation and amortization, the people said.

Yahoo projects adjusted Ebitda of $700 million to $800 million this year. Using the midpoint of the range would imply a ceiling of about $3 billion in debt, based on the four times multiple. Yahoo s patents and real estate may be worth between $1 billion and $3 billion, according to analysts.

Yahoo, which began a strategic review of the company in February, accepted first-round proposals in April, attracting offers that ranged from about $4 billion to $8 billion, people familiar with the matter said at the time. The company received more than 10 initial bids, the people have said. Quicken founder and Warren Buffett have ties beyond Yahoo deal Warren Buffett (L), co-chair of the 10,000 Small Businesses Advisory Council, and businessman Dan Gilbert take part in a panel discussion following a news conference announcing a $20 million partnership to bring Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses initiative to the city... REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo

DETROIT The connection between Quicken Loans Inc founder Dan Gilbert and billionaire magnate Warren Buffett became evident last month with news that Buffett was backing Gilbert's surprise bid for Yahoo Inc.

But the two men have another business connection that hasn't been reported: an exclusive mortgage-purchasing agreement between Quicken and a subsidiary of Buffett's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

Berkshire owns a company called Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc, which buys mortgages for traditional houses exclusively from Quicken, Buffett said in an interview. Vanderbilt's primary business is funding mortgages for Clayton Homes, the largest U.S. maker of mobile and manufactured homes, which is also owned by Berkshire.

"We buy a very few loans unrelated to the manufactured home business, and Quicken is the one we buy them from," Buffett told Reuters.

Quicken has been selling loans to Vanderbilt for nearly a year in a test program, spokesman Jordan Fylonenko said in an email. The partnership has led to about $20 million in closed loans so far, and Quicken is issuing new loans at a rate that would generate $50 million per year, he said.

Fylonenko declined to discuss the rationale for its program with Vanderbilt.

The purchases account for a small portion of either company's business. Quicken, for instance, generated $78.5 billion of mortgages altogether last year. Still, the arrangement shows that Buffett and Gilbert are looking for creative ways to work together.

Prior to this deal and the Yahoo bid, their only known business relationship was one in which Berkshire provided Quicken insurance for a NCAA basketball contest the lender sponsored in 2014.

Quicken had said it would award $1 billion to anyone who could perfectly guess winning teams throughout the season. The odds of success were miniscule   and no one won   but Quicken received a slew of email addresses and phone numbers for potential customers who entered the contest. It paid Berkshire a premium for providing the insurance.

Buffett and Gilbert met at a conference some years ago and became friends after having lunch together in Omaha, where Buffett lives. While speaking to Reuters about Quicken, Buffett expressed admiration for Gilbert's management style and boundless energy.

Meanwhile, in Gilbert's office there are three giant cutouts of Buffett's head stuck to a whiteboard, one of them autographed. The cutouts were made by a printing company Gilbert owns, called Fathead LLC.

"There could well be more business relationships in the future, but beyond that it's a friendship," Buffett told Reuters.

(Reporting by Dan Freed; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Brian Thevenot) Here's Who's Definitely Not Buying Yahoo's Internet Business Yahoo's ( yhoo ) sale process for its core Internet assets has entered its third and final round, but one of its two private equity suitors is no longer involved.

Sources say that the pairing of Bain Capital (which tried to buy Yahoo back in 2012) and Vista Equity Partners (which just agreed to acquire both Marketo and Ping Identity) was informed within the last 24 hours that it didn't make the cut.

A source close to rival private equity firm TPG Capital says it remains in the running, alongside AT&T ( t ) , Verizon Communications ( vz ) and Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert.

Price talk is now in the range of $4 billion to $5 billion, although it is unclear if some bidders also want to purchase some of the 3,000 patents that Yahoo ( yhoo ) recently put on the block . It's also worth noting that Bain and Vista could reenter the process if the current bidders come up short, or that Yahoo could revive earlier reverse spin-off plans that could keep CEO Marissa Mayer at the helm.

Update : Bloomberg reports that two other private equity bidders are still in the mix, neither of which have been previously reported: Advent International and a joint bid from Vector Capital and Sycamore Partners. Apple's big conference will change the way you use your devices Apple kicked off its weeklong Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) Monday with a jam-packed keynote that gave us a glimpse into the tech giant s future. And that future has a lot to do with breaking down walls between the company s various operating systems.

There were a handful of important updates for each operating system. There were also scads of incremental updates that won t blow you away   but should make using your iPhone, MacBook and Apple Watch a bit easier.

iOS 10

The day s biggest news came by way of Apple s new iOS 10, which gets a new Rise to wake lock screen feature, interactive notifications, Siri for third-party apps, and improved Maps and Music apps, and a completely overhauled Messages app.

In order to make accessing notifications easier, iOS 10 comes with a new Rise to Wake feature that automatically turns on your iPhone s screen as soon as you lift it. This should prove convenient if you re waiting for an important message, but I m not sure how it will impact battery life over time.

You can now also access your camera by swiping right on the lock screen instead of swiping up on the tiny camera icon. You can also jump into your music controls by pulling up the Control Center and swiping in from the right. You can also see your widgets by swiping in from the left.

Apple is also doing a lot to make 3D Touch more useful with iOS 10.

For example, you can reply directly to messages from your phone s lock screen by using 3D Touch to open your message and reply without having to open the Messages app. The same can be done with other apps such as Uber, which allows you to use 3D Touch to open notifications and see where your car is.

The lock screen in iOS 10 is far more functional. More

3D Touch is also being put to use with apps widgets. So if you long-press on the ESPN app for instance, you ll get a look at the scores for your favorite teams. Android phones, however, can permanently display widgets on their home screens though, so I m not sure this particular feature is as convenient as Apple makes it out to be.

While it s good to see Apple trying to make 3D Touch more useful, it s a bummer that Apple fans who don t own the iPhone 6s or 6s Plus   the only phones that offer 3D touch   won t be able to use it.

Apple has also opened up Siri to third-party developers, so you ll now be able to use your voice to do things like call for an Uber, send messages via third-party services or send money to friends via payment services.

Apple Maps is getting a big update by now letting you swipe up from the bottom of the Maps screen to see suggestions for things like when you should leave for work and the best route to take. Navigation has been updated with a new Dynamic view feature that pans the screen in or out based on how long you ll be on a specific stretch of road. There s also traffic on route, which displays the traffic conditions on your, well, route. But that's been available for Google Maps for quite some time already.

Apple Music got a much-needed facelift that makes it easier to navigate and is more user-friendly than its first overly complex iteration. Still, it remains to be seen whether that will be enough to lure consumers away from Spotify.

The biggest updates to iOS 10, though, come in the form of the much-improved Messages app, which can now understand rich links. So if someone messages you a YouTube link, for example, the video can actually play in the Messages app.

Read More 
2016-01-08
Yahoo to Reconsider Sale of Web Business Instead of Spinoff Yahoo! Inc. is considering an outright sale of its business, marking what could hasten a significant shift in the company s thinking as it faces pressure from activist shareholders.

Just last month, Yahoo executives put forward a plan to spin off its main Internet business, the latest of several strategies they ve proposed over the past year to deal with slowing revenue. Now, that idea may be abandoned in favor of a sale, people familiar with the matter said. The company may need a new plan in the face of an expected proxy fight by an activist investor, said the people, who asked not to identified because a final decision hasn t been made.

Yahoo still hasn t concluded that it has to sell and hasn t hired a bank to run an official process or contacted potential buyers, they said. The Dec. 9 announcement was a strategic move by Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer to buy time to shape Yahoo into a more sellable asset, including cutting costs, said the people.

Photographer: Angel Navarrete/Bloomberg

 There is no determination by the Board to sell the Company or any part of it,  Yahoo Chairman Maynard Webb said in a conference call when the plan was unveiled in December.  We believe that the business remains very undervalued, and we are focused on realizing and unlocking that value, both with separating our assets the way we are talking about, and also working on transforming our operational businesses. 

Yahoo Assets

Sarah Meron, spokeswoman for Santa Clara, California-based Yahoo, declined to comment. Yahoo shares rose 1.6 percent to $30.63 at the close in New York. The stock fell 34 percent in 2015.

By waiting longer, the market may also readjust its view of what Yahoo is worth, two of the people said. After accounting for a $27.7 billion stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., $7.96 billion stake in Yahoo Japan Corp. and $5.88 billion in cash and equivalents, Yahoo s market value of $28.9 billion shows that investors consider the main business to be worth zero or less, according to Bloomberg Intelligence.

Starboard Value LP and other stakeholders have been pushing for Yahoo to separate the Alibaba assets from its main business without incurring a hefty tax charge. Last month s plan to weigh a spinoff of the core business replaced Yahoo s earlier proposal to return Alibaba shares to shareholders and keep its Web operations intact. By selling the Internet portal, Yahoo would effectively become a holding company for its assets and cash.

Under Pressure

Pressure is mounting on Mayer and the board to act sooner. Starboard urged an overhaul of Yahoo s management this week, saying the Internet pioneer s recent decision to spin off its core Web businesses will require shareholders to wait another year  while the existing leadership continues to destroy value. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

There are possible buyers. Verizon Communications Inc. Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam and Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo, using similar language, both said last month that Verizon would look at a Yahoo deal  if it made sense.  Verizon acquired AOL Inc. for $4.4 billion last year. Yahoo s mail, finance, sports and video sites attract more than 1 billion users, a prized asset that would add to AOL s roughly 170 million Web visitors. That kind of Web traffic, along with exclusive content, is appealing to Verizon, which needs to lure and retain a new smartphone-addicted generation.

There are no current sale talks, although advisers continue to work closely with Yahoo on its strategy, the people said. Even though Yahoo may plan to ultimately sell its business, the strategy of publicly charting a course for a spinoff would also give Mayer more time to juggle a sale a few months after the recent birth of her children, the people said. Exclusive: NFL to live-stream all London games, in talks with Apple, Google The National Football League is planning to live-stream all three games scheduled to be played in London next season, and Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) subsidiary Google are among the technology companies in talks to buy the rights to conduct the streams, said two sources familiar with the situation.

Last year, the NFL partnered with Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) to live-stream a London game, the first time a technology company has streamed a game for free to viewers. Live-streaming is becoming increasingly popular as more consumers cancel their cable subscriptions, a practice known as cord-cutting. Winning a partnership with the NFL to live-stream one or all three games would be a big victory for a technology company.

Apple owns Apple TV and Google owns YouTube. If Apple or Google win the rights to stream one or more games, it would be a first for either company.

The NFL wants to live-stream more London games after last year's streaming experiment was deemed a success, according to the sources, who asked to remain anonymous because they are not permitted to speak to the media.

It is unclear if the NFL seeks to sell the rights to stream all three games as a package or individually, or how much the league is asking for the rights.

Representatives for the NFL, Apple and Google declined to comment.

About 15.2 million viewers worldwide watched at least part of the live-streamed game in October, which was broadcast during early-morning hours in the United States, therefore drawing a smaller audience than regular NFL games. In some cases, the stream of the game automatically started playing on Yahoo websites and consumers who clicked on those websites were counted as viewers if the streams played for more than 3 seconds.

An average of 2.36 million viewers were watching at any given time, according to data released by Yahoo and the NFL. About one-third of the viewership came from outside the United States.

Nationwide broadcasts of Thursday night games on CBS and NBC's Sunday night games average more than 20 million U.S. viewers per minute, according to Nielsen TV data.

In the months leading up to London game live-streamed by Yahoo, Yahoo dropped its asking price for commercials during the game from $200,000 to less than $100,000, buyers said. Ad slots were sold out. Still, media buyers said the game's overall viewership and the participation of more than 30 advertisers signaled a success at the time.

Given the big push by Google, Apple and other tech companies to build their presence in the media world, it is no surprise they would want to partner with the NFL, said Tom Richardson, a sports media professor at Columbia University in New York City.

"Professional sports content is among the most premium content you can find,  said Richardson, who is also president of consulting firm Convergence Sports & Media.  If it happened in Hollywood, why wouldn t it happen with professional sports? 

Separately, the NFL has put its Thursday night football package, which will include live-streaming rights, out to bid and is expected to announce a decision by the Super Bowl in February, according to one of the sources.

For the past two years, CBS has won the one-year deals for broadcast rights for Thursday night football, and the network is bidding again, CBS CEO Les Moonves told attendees of the UBS Global Media and Communications Conference last month. Fox Sports, a division of Twenty-First Century Fox (FOXA.O), is also among the bidders, a Fox spokesman confirmed.

The three games scheduled to be played in London are the Indianapolis Colts versus the Jacksonville Jaguars on Oct. 2, the New York Giants against the St Louis Rams on Oct. 23, and the Washington Redskins versus the Cincinnati Bengals on Oct. 30.

(Reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York; Editing by Eric Effron and Matthew Lewis) CES 2016: Finding the Next 'Hoverboard' It was at last year s CES that the worldwide craze over  hoverboards    those two-wheeled self-balancing scooters you see under way too many pedestrians  feet nowadays   officially began.

So here at CES 2016, I m in search of the next  hoverboard    a rightful successor to the explodingly popular personal conveyance. And maybe even a successor that s less explode-y in the literal sense, too.

Watch the video above, where I ride (or try to ride) all the scooters, remote-controlled skates, and foldable electric bikes that I could get my hands on.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.

More from CES 2016: What Other Companies Can Learn From Yahoo's Decline All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.

Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.

ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc.

Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.

S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.

Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions 
2016-07-30
There's Plenty of Value Left in Yahoo! If You're Willing to Wait  
2016-03-04
Here Are the Legal Generals Behind Apple's Brawl With the FBI Moments before Apple Inc. attorney Bruce Sewell stepped out to face hostile Congressional questioning this week, his own lawyer frowned.

 Have you got collar stays?  asked the attorney, Marc Zwillinger. When Sewell confessed no, Zwillinger flipped up his own shirt collar and handed over the stays. As Sewell told Congress that complying with a government order to unlock a terrorist s iPhone would  create a risk for everybody who owns an iPhone,  the collar points of his blue shirt were militarily correct.

In a dispute that Apple calls critical to personal liberty and its business, appearance is no small matter. In a dozen cases around the U.S., from the standoff over the phone in San Bernardino, California, to a similar clash in Brooklyn, the stiffening of the company s anti-surveillance backbone can be traced to Zwillinger, a former government lawyer who s crafting Apple s response, and Sewell, a veteran intellectual property attorney who was Steve Jobs  legal enforcer.

Brooklyn Victory

The tech giant scored a victory this week when a Brooklyn judge agreed with Zwillinger s argument that the government is overreaching in demanding access to encrypted iPhones. Apple rivals from Microsoft Corp. to Yahoo! Inc. also rallied to its defense, filing briefs yesterday with the court in California that said a request for special software to unlock the phone would undermine public trust.

 It s like an end run around the legislative branch to seek this power in the courts,  Zwillinger said in an interview, adding that he expects the Brooklyn ruling to have  a significant effect on other cases. 

To press Apple s side, Sewell, with a 500-strong in-house legal staff of his own, recently assembled a Dream Team that includes a former U.S. solicitor general and a heavyweight Los Angeles media lawyer. Sewell is known for leading Jobs s challenge of handset makers the Apple co-founder believed were copying the iPhone. But with little experience in national security, Sewell is counting on Zwillinger to help navigate a case with dramatic worldwide implications. While Apple has a growing group of lawyers who handle government data requests, most of its attorneys deal with such issues as licensing, supplier contracts and patents.

The two got to know each other during the Brooklyn case. The judge, facing a seemingly mundane request for government access to a drug dealer s phone, in October asked why he should grant it. Now Sewell and Zwillinger talk, e-mail or text every day, and sometimes every hour.

Training Agents

As a prosecutor in the Justice Department s fledgling computer crimes division in the late 1990s, Zwillinger trained FBI agents how to legally obtain the sort of digital information he now works to safeguard for clients. He left to start one of the first cybersecurity practices at a national firm and became the only private lawyer known to have contested a government order in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review, one of the secret courts that weighed the government s post-Sept. 11 snooping.

In a hearing in June 2008, Zwillinger argued on behalf of Yahoo that the government s electronic monitoring was violating the constitutional rights of e-mail users. He d flown to the session in the company of plainclothes Justice Department security agents who double-wrapped the classified court papers in locked bags. The hearing, supposed to remain secret for 25 years, only became public in 2014 after Zwillinger filed a motion to reveal Yahoo s identity.

It had bothered him  terribly  that many of his clients were portrayed as government lackeys in the months after Edward Snowden s leaks revealed the mass surveillance program, Zwillinger said.  I knew how much tech companies had pushed back and what care they took with user data,  he said.

Zwillinger, 46, is a tech junkie himself. Growing up in Scarsdale, New York, he stored programs he wrote for his TRS-80 on cassette tapes and celebrated his bar mitzvah with a cake shaped like a computer. His parents both worked on Wall Street, where his mother, a former senior partner at Gruntal & Co., at one time ranked as the industry s highest-ranking woman.

 He combines great legal knowledge with a strong technical background and can present issues clearly to a court,  said Orin Kerr, a George Washington University law professor who worked with Zwillinger in the government s computer crimes division.  It s a rare combination of skills. 

Reputation Management

The challenge for Apple is one of both perception and precedent. Even if U.S. Magistrate Judge Sheri Pym, due to hear arguments in the California case later this month, doesn t side with Apple, simply waging the battle may help it burnish its reputation with customers as a champion of privacy.

It s a strategy Sewell deployed not long after joining Apple from Intel Corp. in 2009. Jobs dispatched him to South Korea to tell executives at smartphone rival Samsung Electronics Co. all the ways Apple believed its patents were being violated, according to a person familiar with the meeting. The Apple lawyer declined to comment for this story.

When Samsung didn t change its practices, he advocated going to court, leading to a drawn-out legal fight that spanned several years and multiple countries. (Apple has had many victories in the battle, but not all. Just last week, it lost an appeals court ruling in one suit, freeing Samsung from paying it $119.6 million; Samsung is also asking the Supreme Court to reject another $399 million it was told to pay in a different case.)

That approach helps frame how Apple is handling the present dispute with the government. According to a colleague who worked on the Samsung lawsuit, Sewell was just as interested in the public relations benefit of a lawsuit portraying Samsung as a copyist as he was in actually prevailing in court.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Sewell grew up in the U.K., where his father worked for Boeing Co. After college at the University of Lancaster, he became a firefighter in Maryland and then went to law school at George Washington University. At Intel, he became close with Apple s now-CEO Tim Cook when the two negotiated a deal to have Intel chips put inside Mac computers. A few years later, when Jobs was looking for a new general counsel, Cook recommended Sewell. Jobs had gone through about three top attorneys in as many years, but Sewell gained his trust.

 I ve never seen a room where there s a lot of energy and emotion where Bruce isn t the calm at the center of the storm,  said Mark Chandler, the general counsel at Cisco Systems Inc., who has known Sewell for 15 years.

Winning the privacy fight isn t guaranteed, because of the limited reach of the Brooklyn ruling.  It s important to note from a legal standpoint there is absolutely no precedent,  said Larry Downes, project director at the Georgetown University Center for Business and Public Policy.  Magistrate judges  rulings have no precedential value. 

That s also true of the coming ruling in California. It s expected to be appealed, ultimately to the U.S. Supreme Court, said Albert Gidari, a retired lawyer who recommended Zwillinger for the first case he handled for Apple, a 2011 class-action suit over iPhone location tracking that was later dismissed.

In partnering with Zwillinger, people who know him say, Sewell has a lawyer who s already shown he ll take on the government -- and not miss a detail. EXCLUSIVE: Katie Couric hunkers down at Yahoo as digital giant struggles  ModCloth Ramping Up to Add Stores RETAILING ModCloth Ramping Up to Add Stores

After operating as an online site for women s indie apparel, ModCloth is gearing up to add bricks to its clicks-based business model.

The San Francisco company announced it has hired Elizabeth Cooksey as ModCloth s first-ever vice president of stores and retail operations to accelerate its offline strategies this year.

Cooksey has been instrumental as an adviser to ModCloth, which last July launched its  Fit Shop  store prototype near San Francisco s Union Square. It is open through March 2016.

The pop-up lets customers try on more than 100 styles of clothing in various sizes. Once they have selected something, customers are encouraged to order it online with two-day shipments to their homes. The showroom model lets ModCloth fit twice as many items in the shop as a regular store.

(The company launched its first pop-up shop in the lobby of its downtown Los Angeles office in April 2015.)

Cooksey has worked in store development for Nike, Free People, BHLD, Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters.

In addition to Cooksey, ModCloth has hired two more executives to head up important departments as the company plans to add stores and branch out internationally.

Mary Alderete was named chief marketing officer. She has more than 20 years of experience working with True Religion Brand Jeans, Levi Strauss & Co. and Gap Inc. Based in the company s San Francisco headquarters, Alderete will lead ModCloth s marketing and brand creative organizations and report directly to Chief Executive Officer Matthew Kaness, who joined the company last year.

In addition, Mike Janover has joined ModCloth as vice president of marketing. He will oversee all performance marketing for ModCloth, including customer acquisition and retention and promotions. He has worked with Yahoo Inc., CNET, CBS Interactive and Juice Beauty Inc.

ModCloth was founded in 2002 in a college dorm room by high school sweethearts Susan Gregg Koger and Eric Koger. After they graduated from Carnegie Mellon in 2006, they made ModCloth their full-time careers. Now ModCloth has more than 350 employees in offices located in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Pittsburgh. 
2016-08-31
BioCorRx Inc. Announces BioCorRx Pharmaceuticals Subsidiary; Forms Joint ... LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Aug 31, 2016) - BioCorRx Inc. ( OTC PINK : BICX ) (the "Company"), developer of the BioCorRx  Recovery Program, a medication-assisted treatment (MAT) program, announced today the formation of a new subsidiary, BioCorRx Pharmaceuticals, in conjunction with the company's Development, Commercialization and License Agreement with TheraKine Ltd. for exclusive worldwide rights, licenses and sublicensing to patented and patent pending TheraKine technology for sustained release naltrexone delivery.

BioCorRx Pharmaceuticals will focus on development and commercialization activities of the technology for an injectable naltrexone with the potential to deliver therapeutic levels of naltrexone for 30 days subcutaneously and/or for a few months intramuscularly. The subsidiary will also be used to do further work on the company's naltrexone implant product(s).

"Moving forward with our development of a new injectable naltrexone product and R&D initiative involving the implant, it made strategic sense to create a new subsidiary to handle these initiatives, separate from our operational company which will continue distributing the BioCorRx Recovery Program," said Brady Granier, CEO of BioCorRx.

In addition, the Company has assembled an expert team to form a Joint Steering Committee (JSC) for the injectable, which marks the first milestone completion for the license agreement with TheraKine.

Members of the JSC from BioCorRx include Brady Granier, President/CEO, Director and Dr. David Gastfriend, Medical Consultant. In his prior roll as Vice President at Alkermes, Dr. Gastfriend worked on pivotal efficacy studies and research on effectiveness, health services, criminal justice systems and health economics. Dr. Gastfriend has accrued extensive experience in the field of addiction treatment at institutions such as Massachusetts General Hospital Department of Psychiatry, The Treatment Research Institute and the American Society of Addiction Medicine.

Joining the committee from TheraKine, will be Scott Hampton, Founder & COO of TheraKine BioDelivery GmbH, and Dr. Andreas Voigt, Chief Scientist of TheraKine BioDelivery GmbH.

Scott is responsible for establishing drug delivery and medical device research and development groups. He also drives patent strategy, supports business development/partnering programs and fund raising. Scott is also the co-founder of Atlanta Catheter Technologies (ACT, USA), started in 2009.

Prior to TheraKine, Dr. Voigt was co-founder and CSO of Capsulution Pharma AG and worked at the Max-Planck-Institute for Colloid and Interface Research, Berlin/Potsdam. Dr. Voigt has published 60 publications and holds 35 patents and received a PhD from Humboldt-University of Berlin.

"We've assembled an outstanding team with decades of experience to accomplish our first milestone in our partnership with TheraKine," said Mr. Granier. "As we continue on the path to final development of a new injectable naltrexone product based on TheraKine's technology, this committee will oversee, review and coordinate all activities in our development plan, including validation studies in humans, and ultimately commercial deployment. We look forward to updating our shareholders soon as work on the formula has been underway for several weeks already."

About BioCorRx

BioCorRx Inc. ( OTC PINK : BICX ) is an addiction treatment company offering a unique approach to the treatment of substance abuse addiction. The BioCorRx  Recovery Program, a non-addictive, medication-assisted treatment (MAT) program, consists of two main components. The first component of the program consists of an outpatient implant procedure performed by a licensed physician. The implant delivers the non-addictive medicine, naltrexone, an opioid antagonist that can significantly reduce physical cravings for alcohol and opioids. The second component of the program developed by BioCorRx Inc. is a one-on-one counseling program specifically tailored for the treatment of alcoholism and other substance abuse addictions for those receiving long-term naltrexone treatment.

For more information on BICX, visit www.BioCorRx.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

The information in this release includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words "believe," "project," "estimate," "become," "plan," "will," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks as well as uncertainties. Although the Company believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, the actual results that the Company may achieve may differ materially from any forward-looking statements, which reflect the opinions of the management of the Company only as of the date hereof. DSW Inc (DSW) Tops Q2 Earnings, Comps Fall; Stock Down DSW Inc. DSW, a branded footwear and accessories retailer, reported better-than-expected earnings and revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 after missing on both fronts in the preceding quarter.

The company reported adjusted earnings per share of 35 cents per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 29 cents. However, the company s earnings declined 16.7% year over year. Revenues of $658.9 million also surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $656 million. Moreover, the top line increased 5.1% year over year.

Comparable-store sales (comps) dipped 1.2% compared with an increase of 1.8% in the year-ago quarter. Notably, comps have declined for two straight quarters back to back for the first time since 2009. Despite beating on both the top and bottom lines, the company s shares declined 10.3% on Aug 30 due to comps worries.

Gross profit declined 2.1% to $186.9 million, while gross margin contracted 210 basis points (bps) to 28.4% due to decreased initial markup activity, higher markdowns and the addition of Ebuys. Operating profit also plunged 33.5% to $39.6 million, while operating margin decreased 350 bps to 6%.

Segment wise, the DSW segment s revenues were up 1.9% to $603.9 million, while ABG segment s revenues were up 0.3% to $35.4 million. Other revenues came in at $19.6 million.

DSW INC CL-A Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise

DSW INC CL-A Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | DSW INC CL-A Quote

In the reported quarter, the company opened 3 new stores and closed 1 store. As of Aug 30, 2016, DSW had 483 stores.

Financials

DSW ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $62.3 million as against $151 million in the year-ago quarter. A sharp decline in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to the company s investment in Ebuys in the previous quarter and share repurchase activity in the previous year. Inventories came in at $556.2 million compared with $505.2 million a year ago.

The company s total shareholders  equity was $941.4 million as of Jul 30 30, 2016, compared with $1,065.7 million as of Aug 1, 2015. Capital expenditure for the quarter amounted to $26 million. The company announced a quarterly dividend of 20 cents per share, which is payable on Sep 30, 2016 to shareholders on record as of Sep 16, 2016. The company did not repurchase any shares in the reported quarter.

Guidance

DSW reiterated its fiscal 2016 guidance. The company continues to expect earnings per share in the range of $1.32 $1.42. Comparable sales are expected to decline in the low single-digit range. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for fiscal 2017 is currently pegged at $1.36.



Zacks Rank

DSW carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Some well-ranked stocks in the same industry include The Children's Place, Inc. PLCE, Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN and Tilly's, Inc. TLYS. All these stocks sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).



Confidential from Zacks



Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>>



Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report



URBAN OUTFITTER (URBN): Free Stock Analysis Report



DSW INC CL-A (DSW): Free Stock Analysis Report



CHILDRENS PLACE (PLCE): Free Stock Analysis Report



TILLYS INC (TLYS): Free Stock Analysis Report



To read this article on Zacks.com click here.



Zacks Investment Research Here Is Every Twitter Takeover Rumor Of 2016 Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) shares are sharply higher in Wednesday s session. In the absence of major news, the stock may once again be moving on rumors of a buyout. Shares are down 16 percent in 2016.

Although no deal has been announced, a number of possible buyers have been rumored to have an interest in Twitter this year. Here s a look back at all of Twitter s rumored suitors in 2016.

January 20: Twitter spikes 14 percent on rumors of a News Corp (NASDAQ: NWSA) buyout.

Twitter spikes 14 percent on rumors of a (NASDAQ: NWSA) buyout. January 21: The Wall Street Journal s Miriam Gottfried suggests Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) as a top Twitter buyout candidate. Gottfried also mentions Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ: FOXA) as potential buyers.

The Wall Street Journal s Miriam Gottfried suggests (NASDAQ: GOOGL) as a top Twitter buyout candidate. Gottfried also mentions (NYSE: TWX) and (NASDAQ: FOXA) as potential buyers. February 1: The Information reports that Marc Andreessen and private equity group Silver Lake considered a Twitter buyout.

The Information reports that Marc Andreessen and private equity group Silver Lake considered a Twitter buyout. March 31: Twitter shares spike on renewed rumors that Google is considering a buyout at a 100 percent premium to market price.

Twitter shares spike on renewed rumors that Google is considering a buyout at a 100 percent premium to market price. June 3: The New York Post reports that Twitter and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) discussed a potential merger.

Related Link: Jack Attack: Should Twitter Buy Square?

October 11: Faber Reports Twitter, Salesforce Still In Talks

October 14: FT Reports 'Twitter suitors vanish as Salesforce rules out bid'

June 13: Recode speculates that Google and Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA) are top Twitter buyout candidates.

Recode speculates that Google and (NASDAQ: CMCSA) are top Twitter buyout candidates. June 17: Vanity Fair s Nick Bilton claims that Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL), Google and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) are unlikely to bid for Twitter.

Vanity Fair s Nick Bilton claims that (NASDAQ: AAPL), Google and (NASDAQ: FB) are unlikely to bid for Twitter. June 27: TechCrunch names Google as a possible Twitter buyer, sending shares higher. The article also mentions Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Apple, News Corp and Facebook as potential buyers.

TechCrunch names Google as a possible Twitter buyer, sending shares higher. The article also mentions (NYSE: VZ), (NYSE: T), (NASDAQ: MSFT), (NASDAQ: AMZN), Apple, News Corp and Facebook as potential buyers. August 3: Rumors circulate that Steve Ballmer and Saidi Arabian Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal are interested in acquiring Twitter for $22-26 per share.

Rumors circulate that Steve Ballmer and Saidi Arabian Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal are interested in acquiring Twitter for $22-26 per share. August 30-31: More speculation that Google may be interested in a takeover.

More speculation that Google may be interested in a takeover. September 23: CNBC's David Faber reports Twitter is moving closer to a sale. Bidders could include Google and Salesforce (NYSE: CRM).

CNBC's David Faber reports Twitter is moving closer to a sale. Bidders could include Google and (NYSE: CRM). September 26: Bloomberg reports Disney (NYSE: DIS) is working with an advisor on a potential bid.

Bloomberg reports (NYSE: DIS) is working with an advisor on a potential bid. September 26: Faber reports sale could happen within 30-45 days; says Microsoft could be a potential bidder.

Faber reports sale could happen within 30-45 days; says Microsoft could be a potential bidder. September 30: Bloomberg reports Alphabet's Google has tapped Lazard to review a potential bid.

Bloomberg reports Alphabet's Google has tapped Lazard to review a potential bid. October 4: WSJ reports Twitter is expected to field bids this week.

WSJ reports Twitter is expected to field bids this week. October 5: Source tells Benzinga Salesforce shareholders would not be happy with a purchase.

Source tells Benzinga Salesforce shareholders would not be happy with a purchase. October 5: Recode reports Google, Apple and Disney are no longer considering a bid.

Recode reports Google, Apple and Disney are no longer considering a bid. October 6: Source Familiar With The Matter Tells Benzinga Salesforce Interest in Twitter Began Early July, Deal Discussed Had Little To No Premium to Current Valuation

Source Familiar With The Matter Tells Benzinga Salesforce Interest in Twitter Began Early July, Deal Discussed Had Little To No Premium to Current Valuation October 10: Bloomberg Reports That Top Bidders Have Lost Interest, Says Company May Consider Divestiture

Bloomberg Reports That Top Bidders Have Lost Interest, Says Company May Consider Divestiture November 14: Twitter Shares Spike Higher Over Last Min as Hearing Betaville Suggesting Disney Still Showing Takeover Interest

Twitter Shares Spike Higher Over Last Min as Hearing Betaville Suggesting Disney Still Showing Takeover Interest December 1: Betaville Reports Disney To Have Rekindled Interest In Buying Twitter, Price Agreed

Posted-In: News Rumors M&A Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Sony Corp will develop electronic devices that can be controlled using Yahoo app - Nikkei<6758.T><YHOO.O>  
2016-07-29
The Rise and Fall (OK   Mostly Fall) of Yahoo Earlier this week Yahoo announced that it will sell its core assets to Verizon for a mere $4.8 billion. This is only slightly more than Verizon paid for AOL   another washed up dot-com-era company   last year.

Yahoo s market capitalization reached $125 billion in 2000. Over the next 16 years, it steadily tumbled   mostly due to inaction and missed opportunities.

You could fill an entire MBA course with case studies of all the strategic blunders Yahoo has made. I ll save you some student debt and give you the skinny right here, in just 5 minutes.

Mistake #1: Yahoo confused being in the right place   at the right time   with being smart.

If Yahoo had launched a year or two later, they probably would have been irrelevant. They rose to dominance in large part by benefitting from what Y-Combinator cofounder Paul Graham   who worked there   called a  de facto ponzi scheme :

 Investors were excited about the Internet. One reason they were excited was Yahoo s revenue growth. So they invested in new Internet startups. The startups then used the money to buy ads on Yahoo to get traffic. Which caused yet more revenue growth for Yahoo, and further convinced investors the Internet was worth investing in. 

The growing revenues from this runaway feedback loop tricked Yahoo s management into thinking that they were smart, when really they were just lucky.

As the dominant web portal, money came easy for Yahoo. They never bothered to build a strong engineering culture, like Facebook and Google did. After all, why should Yahoo invest in its underlying technology when they could just hire more sales people to sell banner ads?

Yahoo s initial success gave them the hubris they needed to start acquiring other companies, thinking that they could run those companies better than the companies could run themselves.

Here are some companies that Yahoo bought:

Geocities ($3.6 billion)

Tumblr ($1.1 billion)

Mark Cuban s Broadcast.com ($5.7 billion)

Broadcast.com and Tumblr are widely considered two of the worst acquisitions of all time, and were largely written off as losses. In less than 10 years, Geocities went from being the third most visited website on earth to being shut down everywhere but Japan.

Mistake #2: Yahoo forgot what it was that got them there.

Distracted by all the acquisitions, Yahoo s leadership forgot about its healthy core products. Here are a few multi-billion dollar industries it ceded to new entrants:

Yahoo Mail lost to GMail

Yahoo Answers lost to Quora

Flickr lost to Instagram

And most humiliating of all, Yahoo Search lost to Google Search   to such an extent that in 2009, Yahoo scrapped their 13 year-old search engine in favor of licensing Bing Search, which Microsoft had just launched.

These were all services where Yahoo had a multi-year incumbent lead, with millions of active users. They had the funds. They had the traffic. They could have experimented and improved upon these services. But they failed to take the initiative. Instead, they got out-designed and out-engineered at every turn.

Mistake #3: Yahoo slaughtered its golden goose while it was still producing eggs.

In 2005, Yahoo cofounder Jerry Yang made one of the smartest investments in history   he purchased 40% of Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba for $1 billion.

Today Alibaba is worth more than $200 billion, and it s still growing. That means that Yahoo s stake in Alibaba must be worth $80 billion dollars!

Except, wait. In 2012, Yahoo decided to sell off significant portions of its Alibaba stock. They sold even more in 2014.

Yahoo thought they were pretty clever at the time, because they profited a few billion dollars off of these sales.

Today, Yahoo only owns 15% of Alibaba, but that asset alone is worth $30 billion   six times as much as all of Yahoo s core businesses.

But, oh, that bittersweet $50 billion that they let get away.

Mistake #4: Yahoo fell for CEOs who were professional professionals.

You may think Marissa Mayer was a bad CEO. She did, after all, preside over Yahoo s disastrous Tumblr acquisition in 2013 and sale of Alibaba stock in 2014. And she did little to slow Yahoo s descent.

But Mayer looks like a business genius when you compare her to the managers who preceded her.

Instead of promoting executives from within, Yahoo chose to hire from the  professional CEO  circuit. And they did not choose wisely.

Scott Thompson kicked off his tenure as CEO by laying off 2,000 people. Then he sold a ton of Yahoo s Alibaba stock (which, as we established, would have been worth tens of billions of dollars today).

He was so worried about appearing qualified to run a tech company that he straight-up lied about having a degree in computer science.

At first, Yahoo s board doubted this accusation because it was coming from an activist shareholder.

But then the university Thompson attended publicly confirmed that they didn t even have a computer science program back when he had attended.

A public relations fiasco ensued, and Yahoo quickly fired Thompson. He had only worked there for 130 days. Despite all this, Yahoo ended up paying him $7.3 million for his time there.

And then, there s Terry Semel, who is considered one of the worst CEOs of all time.

Semel failed to acquire Google when Yahoo got its second opportunity to do so. Then he proceeded to do nothing to stop Google from devastating Yahoo s previous dominance of the search industry.

Semel also botched acquisitions of both Facebook and DoubleClick (the technology that became the centerpiece of Google s advertising empire).

And after all of these missteps, Semel blew his one shot at redemption: he turned down Microsoft s offer of $40 billion to buy Yahoo outright.

The real kicker is that, over the 7 years that Semel drove the company into the ground, Yahoo compensated him with half a billion dollars.

Mistake #5: Yahoo let their assumptions blind them to new opportunities.

Larry Page and Sergey Brin tried to sell Google to Yahoo in 1998. They only wanted $1 million.

Yahoo rejected them because they wanted their users to spend more time on Yahoo directories, where they would be exposed to banner ads. Better search   like the kind Google was offering   would quickly route users away from Yahoo.

It didn t occur to Yahoo that doing what was best for users might ultimately be best for the company. Or that Google might use this technology to, you know, compete with Yahoo.

Of course, we all know how this story ends   with Google being worth $500 billion, and Yahoo being carved up and sold to a utility company for one one-hundredth of that.

For those of you who are running a company or planning to start one, learn from Yahoo s mistakes. Take these lessons to heart:

Don t confuse being in right place at the right time with being smart. Don t forget what it was that got you to where you are today. Don t slaughter your golden geese while they are still producing eggs. Don t fall for people who are professional professionals. And most of all, don t let your assumptions blind you to new opportunities.

Quincy Larson is a teacher at FreeCodeCamp.com. 
2016-06-21
Apple, Google Get 'Pop Up' Patent Claims Nixed Under Alice Apple, Google Get 'Pop Up' Patent Claims Nixed Under Alice

Law360, Los Angeles (June 21, 2016, 7:36 PM EDT) -- Google, Apple and others scored a win in Washington federal court recently when a judge said a  pop up  computer notification patent they're accused of infringing is invalid under the Supreme Court s Alice ruling, since the claims are abstract and don t contain an inventive concept.



U.S. District Judge Marsha K. Pechman s June 16 decision held that U.S. Patent No. 6,034,652, owned by Microsoft Corp. co-founder Paul Allen s firm Interval Licensing LLC, is patent ineligible since the attention-manager system of providing information to a user of a...

To view the full article, register now. Yahoo Radar is a mobile travel guide with a chatbot-like assistant Yahoo this morning launched a new travel guide for iOS it s calling Yahoo Radar. While the app will offer traditional travel companion type features like restaurant recommendations and details on popular attractions, landmarks, and other sights in a given city, the app will be more useful to those who use Yahoo Mail as their primary email client. It also heavily relies on a chatbot-like interface which feels more experimental than practical at this time.

What makes Radar interesting is that it taps into your email inbox to surface trip information you have saved there   including flight, hotel and rental car reservations   then organizes this in the app on your behalf. With this data on hand, the app is competitive with other travel utilities as well as something like Google Now, as it can send you notifications about flight delays, cancellations or gate changes, for example.

You don t need to have a Yahoo email address to use Yahoo Mail. As you may recall, Yahoo announced the ability to manage email from other providers   including Gmail, Outlook/Hotmail, and AOL   back in December.

In addition to its more utilitarian functions, Yahoo Radar also leverage data from partners like Yelp and TripAdvisor to offer travel information, like must-see sights and top restaurants. You can also make your own  bucket list  for your destination in the app and get tips from fellow travelers, the company notes. What you can t do with the app, however, is actually book travel or other reservations.

Though travel companions are fairly common, what differentiates Radar is that it uses a chatbot-like interface for your interactions. This, honestly, feels a bit gimmicky right now.

While you can use the app to view your trip information, the bigger idea with Radar is that this  virtual travel assistant  can be launched at any time by tapping buttons at the bottom of the app. But this bot   which follows Yahoo s launch of bots on Kik earlier this month   would be far more useful if it could help also with making reservations, or if it was an optional means of accessing Yahoo Radar s recommendations rather than the primary search tool.

After all, it s not really all that efficient to use a bot as an interface to Yelp or TripAdvisor.

For instance, if you ask the bot for suggestions on restaurants, it first shows you the three most popular restaurants that are open now. You can narrow this down by suggested filters like  budget friendly  or  brunch,  etc. The bot will then return three more suggestions. If you want to view more options, that s yet another tap. Finally, you can choose to save those recommendations you like by favoriting them, which populates another section of the app. But if you actually want to book a table or a sightseeing tour, for instance, you ll need to call the business or use another app.

Overall, the bot makes finding a restaurant or other destination a multi-step process, whereas you can configure filters, do a search, and get a full list of results right in an app like Yelp itself. (Or even Google Search.)

It s not surprising that Yahoo Radar is an iOS-only app for now with no plans for an Android counterpart yet   it s clearly more of an experiment with using bots as a front-end to search at this time.

Yahoo Radar is a free download on iTunes. Is it a mistake for Verizon to buy Yahoo? The "Can you hear me now?" guy may be endorsing Sprint instead of Verizon these days. But Verizon is the one that's getting a much better reception from Wall Street.

Can that last if Verizon (VZ, Tech30) winds up scooping up troubled Yahoo (YHOO, Tech30) though?

Verizon stock has surged 17% this year. That makes it the third best performer in the Dow, only slightly behind UnitedHealth (UNH) and Exxon Mobil (XOM).

Verizon has done better than wireless rivals Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (TMUS) as well as cable king Comcast (CMCSA). It is slightly lagging that of its former parent AT&T (T, Tech30) though.

Why are investors so enamored with Verizon? The big reason is that the company pays a juicy dividend -- which yields 4.2%.

That makes "Big Red" (as well as Ma Bell, which yields 4.7%) attractive to conservative investors worried about a sluggish global economy and a possible Brexit in Europe who crave a higher yield than what you can get from government bonds.

The 10-Year U.S. Treasury has a rate of just 1.68%. Yields in Germany recently dipped below zero, joining Japan and Switzerland in the negative rate club.

Related: Striking Verizon workers score raise and bonuses

So it's understandable why investors desperate for any sort of income would like Verizon. But that's not the only thing the company has going for it.

Verizon recently settled a labor dispute with striking landline workers. That should allay some fears investors had about the possibility that Verizon would fall behind in new customer installations for its FiOS TV and phone service.

But the damage may already be done. Verizon's CEO and CFO both warned that results for the second quarter could be hurt by the strike. Analysts responded by cutting their earnings forecasts for the quarter and full year in the past month.

That's a bad sign considering that Verizon isn't the most dynamic of companies to begin with. Earnings are only expected to increase by about 3% a year, on average, for the next few years. Sales are barely budging at all as well.

And that's why the possible Yahoo acquisition could be a problem for Verizon.

Verizon is said to be one of the leading bidders for the core assets of Yahoo, which has been struggling to turn its fortunes around for pretty much the past decade.

Would adding Yahoo -- a company that is expected to post a sales decline of nearly 10% this year -- make sense?

Sure, there is an argument to be made that Verizon can strip out some redundant costs by combining Yahoo with AOL -- which Verizon bought in 2015 for $4.4 billion.

AOL chief Tim Armstrong would likely run the combined company -- leaving his former Google (GOOGL, Tech30) colleague Marissa Mayer presumably getting a golden (purple?) parachute for her troubles.

Related: Warren Buffett-backed group also in bid for Yahoo

But investors would have valid reasons to be worried that trying to fix Yahoo -- a reclamation project that has led to the ouster of numerous Yahoo CEOs since 2001 -- could turn out to be too much of a distraction for the company.

Verizon has to deal with more challenges on the video front from AT&T following Ma Bell's acquisition of DirecTV.

And on the wireless side of the business, T-Mobile has proven to be a pesky pink pest that has helped push monthly prices down across the industry.

Adding Yahoo to AOL could turn out to be a brilliant move for Verizon -- especially if it doesn't have to pay much. According to several reports, bids are coming in around $3 billion. So Verizon wouldn't exactly be betting the mortgage on Yahoo.

Still, investors seem to like the way things are going with Verizon right now -- without Yahoo. What's that saying, about not fixing what isn't broken? Verizon might need to keep that in mind. 
2016-04-29
Yahoo's Marissa Mayer could get $55 million in severance pay Yahoo Inc. chief Marissa Mayer will walk away with a $55-million severance package if the company's auction of its Internet operations culminates in a sale that ousts her from her job.

The payout disclosed in a regulatory filing Friday consists of cash, stock awards and other benefits that Mayer would get should she be forced out as chief executive within a year after a sale.

Although Yahoo's board is still evaluating takeover offers, most investors are betting that the company will decide to sell its well-known brand and an Internet business that includes a popular email service and sections focused on sports and finance.

Mayer, a former Google Inc. executive, has been trying to turn around Yahoo for nearly four years. But Yahoo's long-running slump has deepened during her tenure, making her pay a prickly topic among investors.

 I don't think this management team has done anything to merit a huge payout,  said Eric Jackson, managing director of SpringOwl Asset Management, a Yahoo shareholder critical of Mayer's leadership.

Yahoo declined to comment beyond its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The documents didn't explain the rationale for the severance packages covering Mayer and other Yahoo executives, although they are common at most publicly held companies as a way to maintain some stability during times of uncertainty.

Mayer received a compensation package valued at nearly $36 million last year under the SEC's accounting rules. Yahoo's board maintained in its filing that it was worth only about $14 million as of April 1.

The chances of a sale happening at Yahoo rose this week when the Sunnyvale, Calif., company reached a truce with activist investor Starboard Value, an outspoken critic of Mayer's that has been pushing her to sell. Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith is now one of three Yahoo directors on a special committee assessing the bids for the Internet business.

Although Yahoo hasn't set a timetable for reaching a decision, most analysts expect a deal to be struck within the next two months at a price ranging anywhere from $4 billion to $10 billion.

In an opinion shared by most of his peers on Wall Street, RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney says he believes that Verizon Communications Inc. is the most likely buyer. After snapping up AOL Inc., another fallen Internet star, for $4.4 billion, Verizon has publicly expressed interest in taking over Yahoo too.

That has spurred speculation that AOL chief Tim Armstrong will shove Mayer aside if Verizon buys Yahoo's Internet operations. Armstrong was a top advertising executive at Google during much of the same time that Mayer was working on some of the products that helped turn Google into the Internet's most powerful company.

Mayer's inability to boost Yahoo's advertising sales at a time that marketers are shifting more of their budgets to digital services is the main reason investors are pushing the company to cash out and turn its Internet operations to a new owner.

Last year, for instance, Yahoo's board set a target asking management to generate $4.6 billion in revenue, after subtracting ad commissions. That would have been a modest 5% increase from the previous year. Yahoo's revenue last year instead came in at $4.1 billion.

The company this year expects its revenue after ad commissions to decline an additional 15% to a projected $3.5 billion.

Mayer is nearly done with a cost-cutting plan that is jettisoning 15% of Yahoo's workforce in an effort to boost profit as revenue drops.

Yahoo's stock rose a penny to close Friday at $36.60, more than double its value compared with July 2012 when the company hired Mayer. But the run-up has been driven by the rising value of Yahoo's stake in China's e-commerce leader, Alibaba Group.

The investment in Alibaba was made long before Mayer's hiring, although she has been unsuccessfully trying to find a legal way to avoid paying taxes when the stake is sold.

ALSO

Cracker Jack ditches toys, instead offering mobile games

How creating new Facebook stock will keep Mark Zuckerberg in control

Valeant files overdue financial report, ending debt default, but its troubles aren't over Exclusive: Yahoo's bidder shortlist points to cash deal -sources A man walks past a Yahoo logo during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain in this February 24, 2016 file photo. REUTERS/Albert Gea/Files

Yahoo Inc has shortlisted close to 10 bidders in the auction for its core Internet assets, including Verizon Communications Inc, with most offers involving cash rather than a combination with another company, according to people familiar with the matter.

The shortlist comprises mainly large companies and big private equity firms including TPG Capital LP, and excludes many small companies that proposed some kind of combination, such as privately held Yellow Pages owner YP LLC, the people said this week.

The sources declined to divulge the full list.

Some bidders that did not make the shortlist because their first-round offers were not specific enough are still being kept close to the process by Yahoo's advisers, the people said. One of those bidders is Liberty Media Corp Chairman John Malone, who has proposed a tax-efficient merger with one of the companies he controls, the people said.

The sources asked not to be identified because details of the sale process were confidential. Yahoo, Verizon, TPG and YP declined to comment. Liberty Media did not respond to a request for comment.

A sale of Yahoo's Internet assets for cash, followed by a divestment of its 35.5 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, would leave the company owning just its 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.

In December, Yahoo scrapped plans to spin off its Alibaba stake, after investors fretted over whether that transaction could have been carried out on a tax-free basis.

Yahoo has been laying off employees and seeking to cut costs as its core Internet business shrinks.

Earlier this week, Yahoo said that activist hedge fund Starboard Chief Executive Jeffrey Smith and three independent directors associated with him would join its board immediately. A truce with Smith, its most vocal activist investor, helps Yahoo clear the way for the auction of its core businesses, analysts said.

Yahoo's four new directors were on a slate that Starboard proposed last month to oust Yahoo's entire board.

Analysts see Verizon, which bought AOL last year for $4.4 billion, as the candidate likely to prevail in the auction.

Verizon is being advised by three investment banks, Guggenheim Partners LLC, LionTree LLC and Allen & Company, as reported by Reuters.

(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis and Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Toni Reinhold and Steve Orlofsky) Yahoo! Stock: An Earnings Case Study (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is both an Internet technology and digital content company. It pioneered the information Web portal service in the early days of the Internet age, facilitating information gathering on the Web with its then-dominant Yahoo! search technology. Google, now a unit of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG), replaced Yahoo! to become the go-to Internet search engine for Web surfers. Meanwhile, Yahoo! became somewhat dormant when it really needed to crack the code for new Internet technologies. The company also drifted into the sea of media business, starting to curate its own original content and setting itself up to compete with deep-knowledge and established media companies.

Relying on unique content to draw in more site visitors has been a way to increase eyeballs for potential advertisers. But with Internet technologies continuously evolving, the use of simple display ads, or banner advertising, on Web pages has increasingly fallen out of favor. Instead, new ways of Internet marketing have come on the scene, such as the increasingly popular mobile and targeted advertising. Like so many other ad-supported Internet companies, Yahoo! generates its revenue almost exclusively from ad placements while providing everything else for free, namely digital content on Yahoo! properties. Branching out to content creation may not have served Yahoo! well, given the added content costs, the lack of ad sales increase from such media operations, and consequently, the drags to earnings performance.

Historical Earnings

The lack of success from Yahoo!'s diversifying into the content business is made more evident in the decline of its display-ad revenue since at least 2013. The period saw a 5% drop in the sales of ads displayed on Yahoo! properties. All the while, the digital advertising market has been expanding. Meanwhile, revenue from the more tech-enabled search ads filtering through Yahoo! properties seem to be finding the right direction, increasing from $1.3 billion in 2013 to $1.8 billion in 2015. Yet, Yahoo! has been relying more on display ads for its revenue intake. As recent as three years ago, in 2013, Yahoo!'s display ads generated $1.8 billion, which was 38% more than the revenue from its search ads. With display ads losing their past prominence, search ads must make up for the decline, but that would require Yahoo! to focus more on search technology, something it has not done often enough. Without having had robust revenue growth, Yahoo!'s earnings, as measured in earnings per share (EPS), are now falling off. Its EPS of 59 cents in 2015 was the lowest since 2011, a drop of more than 60% from 2014.

Past Estimates

Analysts correctly predicted all the EPS increases since 2009, matching actual EPS results by close margins. The largest miss was only 3.7% in 2013. However, it is worth noting that the price of Yahoo! stock dropped following each earnings announcement, despite the earnings increases. This likely suggests that Yahoo! investors are more concerned about the company's long-term direction than immediate financial results, because of a prevalent perception of Yahoo!'s lack of a focused and clear business strategy. Moving forward, such a concern may become more imminent, and analysts will have to adjust their future earnings estimates as the diversion of its Internet technology from media content may create more inherent obstacles for Yahoo! to excel in either field.

Future Estimate

As of April 2016, analysts expect Yahoo!'s EPS to decrease to 54 cents in 2016, and then bounce back slightly to 61 cents in 2017. Such estimates may change as time goes on. The estimates were made much higher going back a year or so, but have since dropped by roughly half, as uncertainty rises with the company's active talk of selling off its core Internet business and other content operations. Analyst earnings consensus estimates for 2018 and 2019 are not really farther ahead, barely above the forecasted 2017 EPS level. The Yahoo! brand as it is known would likely come to an end with a sale, when buyers incorporate Yahoo! technology and content into their own operations. In the interim, earnings may simply stagnate. 
2016-06-22
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) To Benefit From Positive Catalysts In Near Term - Susquehanna Published By: Eunice Gettys on June 22, 2016 09:31 am EST

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is an online web portal that offers a large variety of services. The American web portal company is headquartered in the Sunny Vale, California. Yahoo s popularity can be traced back to the early days of the Internet, as it was among the first web portal and search directories to be deployed on the Internet. The company was founded back in 1994 by Jerry Yang and David Filo. The tech giant slowly lost its once held dominance in the market owing to a multitude of factors and things deteriorated to the point where shareholders started to demand sale of core assets. Currently, Yahoo is overseeing a process of bidding for the sale of its core assets, which, will likely be concluded in the near term.

According to Susquehanna analyst Shyam Patil, two major positive catalysts for Yahoo are getting closer, the first catalysts being the sale of core assets, while, the second is tax benefit the company is going to receive from its BABA stake. Mr. Patil believes that given the current scenario the upside potential for Yahoo stock is material, especially considering the latest developments in the search engine space and Mozilla ramp.

On the flip side, the extent of damage given an absolute worst case scenario is well within bounds and leads to a valuation of $32 per share. The underlying assumptions of doom hypothesis include; a hefty discount of 20% to the current BABA stock price along with 35% depreciation in market value of Yahoo! Japan, valuation of only 5x 2016 EBITDA estimate and $6 in net case per share being offered.

The analyst reaffirmed a Buy rating with a price target of $44 for YHOO. The analyst opinion for the stock comprises of a total of 40 ratings, out of which six are Strong Buy, 16 are Buy, 17 are Hold, while only one is an Underperform. The stock now trades at $37.38 in the pre-market. Billion-dollar-plus valuation of Yahoo's Excalibur patent portfolio could be ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), the multinational tech firm based in Sunnyvale, CA, has been experiencing a good deal of corporate turbulence in recent months. A recent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) unveiled company plans to reduce its workforce by 15 percent and exit offices in Dubai, Mexico City, Buenos Aires, Madrid and Milan. The filing states that the action is part of a  strategic plan to simplify the Company s business and narrow its focus,  but others see it as part of a downward trend for Yahoo. Some news reports note that, with the plans for new layoffs, Yahoo s workforce will be 42 percent smaller than it was in 2012 when Marissa Mayer was named CEO of the company. Through 2015 the stock seriously underperformed on the NASDAQ exchange, losing 35 percent of its value while the composite index rose nearly six percent.

It s this environment of malaise within which Yahoo is trying to bolster its fortunes with the sale of an intellectual property portfolio involving about 3,000 patents and patent applications which the company recently reassigned to a subsidiary known as Excalibur IP. Some of the patents in this portfolio date back to the company s initial public offering in 1996 and news reports from The Wall Street Journal indicate that some expect the portfolio to fetch a price in excess of $1 billion. Preliminary bids for the portfolio were expected in mid-June.

In mid-June, patent analytics service Innography released a blog post which breaks down the types of assets being offered in the Excalibur patent portfolio. 70 percent of the IP assets are filed under three Cooperative Patent Classification (CPC) sections with data processing seeing the greatest percentage, followed by e-commerce and network messaging. The post identifies the portfolio as a  young  one, having only 93 patents set to expire in the next three years and an 11.7 year average time remaining on patents which have been issued. About one-third of the IP assets are patent applications which are still in prosecution.

We got a chance to speak with Tyron Stading, founder of Innography. When asked to characterize the age of the portfolio, it was indicated that the portfolio was more like a tween entering the awkward phase just before its teenage years. In Stading s eyes, one of the more interesting nuances in the case of the Excalibur patent portfolio is that it is unclear if Yahoo is including their foreign IP assets related to this portfolio as those reassignments have not yet appeared.  All we know now is that the U.S. intellectual property has been transferred,  Stading said. Citing a 2009 ruling on patent applications filed with the World Intellectual Property Office (WIPO), where patenting organizations can file in multiple jurisdictions at once, Stading noted,  there s an issue that if you don t execute and record assignments appropriately you can lose priority and thus lose the patent.  Innography s analysis also identified a number of major tech firms which could be interested in buying the portfolio based on the number of forward citations of patents in Excalibur, the most substantial of these being Google s parent company Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL).  The next step will be to see who buys these patents, that will be very interesting,  Stading said.

The measure of the strength of the IP in the Excalibur patent portfolio has been measured by Innography s PatentStrength algorithm which adjudicates assets based on basic citation analysis, including forward and backward citations, and regression analysis on litigated patents to determine which non-litigated patents might be litigated in the future. Based on the PatentStrength analysis, the portfolio being marketed by Yahoo contains 44 percent more patents meeting the ranking of  strong  when compared to benchmark portfolios.

The patent portfolio sell-off is just one of a series of divestitures which Yahoo may undertake in the coming months. Yahoo is also taking bids on its core Internet businesses, with reports of one bid from New York City-based telecom company Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) coming in at the $3.5 billion to $4 billion range according to close sources cited by BloombergTechnology. That article also indicates that bids of $5 billion for Yahoo s core business, real estate and patents are likely to come from both Dallas-based telecom firm AT&T (NYSE:T) and Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans. Interestingly, Internet services giant Google of Mountain View, CA, could sit out the entire bidding process over concerns of antitrust violations for which Google may be held liable were it to buy Yahoo s IP portfolio; this analysis comes from Scott Cleland of research consulting firm Precursor.

But there s a very good question to be raised as to whether this billion-dollar valuation of Yahoo s patent portfolio will actually be met. A 2014 patent marketplace report published by patent risk management firm RPX Corporation (NASDAQ:RPXC) of San Francisco indicates that the average initial asking price for patent portfolios offered to RPX between 2010 s first quarter and the second quarter of 2014 was $3.5 million. The average portfolio size was only 11.4 patents but when applying that asking price-to-portfolio size ratio to the Yahoo portfolio, it would indicate that the initial asking price should be slightly above $920 million, less than the potential dollar amounts being reported.

In April, Business Insider published analysis of Yahoo s existing assets which placed the valuation of the company s entire patent portfolio at $3 billion. In March, Reuters reported on comments made by Yahoo CFO Ken Goldman that the company was seeking between $1 billion and $3 billion for sales of non-core assets, including patents and real estate properties, by the end of the year.

Some in the world of patent valuations have found good reason to question reported valuations as being very optimistic, including Kent Richardson, founder of ROL Group. Richardson argues that the methodology used to get the $3 billion valuation of Yahoo s portfolio, as well as methods used for other valuations, are very light in the details.  We look more professional and just like every other industry when we explain how we come up with our estimates,  he said. An ROL blog post penned by Richardson and republished by IPWatchdog this April estimated the market price of Yahoo s worldwide patent portfolio at $772 million, between a low point of $393 million and a potential high of $1.15 billion.

This isn t to say that Yahoo s portfolio isn t valuable. To the contrary, Richardson noted how successful that tech company has been in selling patents in recent years. Yahoo s latest 10-K filing with the SEC notes that through 2014, the company had gained $98 million through sales of its patents. The previous year, Yahoo took in pre-tax gains of $80 million through patent sales.  Very few companies generate that much money selling patents,  Richardson said, especially in consecutive years.

 The market is certainly improving but most would agree it s still a buyer s market,  said Michael Gulliford, current managing principal at Soryn IP Group. He noted that the recent U.S. Supreme Court decision in Halo Electronics v. Pulse Electronics, where the court held that damages could be tripled in cases of willful patent infringement, could alter the landscape somewhat, but other recent Supreme Court decisions are likely to negatively impact patent value.  It s hard to believe that those core assets wouldn t be tainted by Alice,  he said, citing the 2014 Supreme Court case which found a computer-implemented method as unpatentable subject matter under Section 101 of U.S. patent code.  If this sale had happened before Alice, the valuations would be multiples higher,  Gulliford said. He argued that Supreme Court case was monumental in patent devaluation and he attested to seeing patents licensed for seven figures before Alice that are now practically unlicensable. That s not to say that Gulliford doesn t think the Excalibur patent portfolio should attract high bids.  As someone in the business, I d love to be wrong about everything I m saying from a valuation perspective,  he said. Another factor mentioned by Richardson was the fact that the so-called smartphone patent wars have largely ended so the patents in related sectors are not as important from a defensive standpoint.

On the topic of the relatively young age of Yahoo s IP portfolio, there seemed to be mixed opinions as to how that affected its value. Richardson felt that 11 years remaining in a patent s term, close to the average length remaining in the Excalibur patent portfolio, was the perfect age for a higher potential value.  If you want to buy, the patents are old enough to be valuable today and you can use that value for the next 11 years,  he said.  The underlying technology in high tech stays in the products generation after generation for a very long time. Most of high technology and new technology products are built on the shoulders of giants.  Gulliford, however, noted that while the market was certainly hungry for these technologies,  it has to be weighted against the immaturities of the technology.   It s hard to see young, new applications selling for a lot of money on a per asset basis,  Gulliford added.

It s worth noting that the Excalibur patent portfolio is not the sum total of all of Yahoo s IP holdings. As Gulliford points out, there s a group of 500 to 600 patents which has been carved out of the offerings. These patents are expected to be more closely related to Yahoo s core business, which is being marketed separately from the Excalibur patent portfolio.  It almost implicitly seems that maybe those patents are the most valuable of all [of Yahoo s] patents, particularly given their technological and defensive relation to the core Internet assets Yahoo is selling  Gulliford said.  Plus, I don t think any entity would want to buy Yahoo s Internet assets only to be sued for infringement on the Excalibur patents. So to me that would imply that the Excalibur patents don t read on the core technology being sold or that the acquirer of the Internet assets is getting a license to the Excalibur patents. 

Analysis of Yahoo s auction efforts published by online tech publication Ars Technica also raises question marks as to the idea that the tech company can engineer a major windfall through patent sales. That publication notes that the last major patent portfolio sale was the Nortel portfolio, purchased by the Rockstar Consortium for $4.5 billion. At 6,000 IP assets, it was the largest portfolio ever sold according to WSJ. Even with patent infringement lawsuits netting many millions of dollars from Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) and Google, and then the $900 million sale of the portfolio to RPX, the most Rockstar could have recouped from its investment was about half of the portfolio purchase price. Whereas the initial Rockstar purchase priced the Nortel portfolio at about $750,000 per asset, RPX bought the portfolio after litigation for a cost of about $500,000 per patent family.

This isn t the first time that a company has come to the patent market under strong financial turbulence hoping to be buoyed by a windfall patent sale. In the midst of Chapter 11 bankruptcy, imaging tech company Kodak (NYSE:KODK) of Rochester, NY, took a patent portfolio to market which some reports indicated could fetch as much as $4.5 billion. Instead, the company ended up selling and licensing the entire portfolio for a combined price of $527 million paid by 12 entities organized by RPX and Intellectual Ventures in a sale completed in February 2013. A lack of bidders, unlike what was seen in the case of Nortel s patent portfolio, was a major reason why the portfolio was so far reduced in value. Yahoo isn t under the same pressure to cover financial commitments in bankruptcy proceedings, so it could stay its hand if the right bid doesn t come along.  I don t believe that Yahoo will sell at firesale prices,  Richardson said.

EDITORIAL NOTE: On Tuesday, June 28, 2016, at 12pm ET, Gene Quinn will host a free webinar discussion of the Yahoo! patent portfolio sale and the current state of the patent market in general. Joining him will be Kent Richardson (Richardson Oliver Law Group), Michael Gulliford (Soryn IP Group) and Steve Brachmann (tech journalist for IPWatchdog.com). CLICK HERE to REGISTER. LeBron on free agency: 'No plans to go nowhere at this point'  
2016-05-18
Second Round Of Bids For Yahoo Ending Early June; Bob Peck Maintains At Buy The second round of bids for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) are expected to be completed in early June.

Robert "Bob" S. Peck of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey maintains a Buy rating on the company, with a price target of $44.

Peck believes Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) is the leading contender for Yahoo s core business, which the analyst values at $6 $8 billion.

Peck pointed out that investors had several questions regarding the ongoing sale process.

Related Link: Buffett On Yahoo Bid: If Dan Gilbert Needs Financing, We'll Help

Top 10 Questions

1. Investors have been wondering about how many rounds of bidding the company would undertake and how it would decide which bids make it to the next round.

2. Peck mentioned that investors have questions regarding the tax cost basis for the core, while stating,  Management alluded it could be in the 10Q but it wasn't   we think the tax cost basis could be in the $3 billion vicinity. 

3. Do the bids need to include intellectual property and/or real estate and other PPE? Investors have been wondering what Yahoo s plans would be if the company is unable to sell these assets at the same time as the core.

4. The next question concerns whether Yahoo is considering only all-cash bids, and if there is a stock component, how the company intends to isolate Asian investments.

5.  Media reports suggest key employees (Robby Stein) continue to leave. Given extensive layoffs and impending sale, how is employee morale?  the analyst asked, while wondering how it would impact core performance and the sale price.

6. If the board does agree to a transaction, there have been questions regarding the time frame and conditions of deal closure.

7. Another key question concerns the changes to Yahoo s incorporation, following the sale of the core.

8.  After the core sale, is there a tax efficient way to unlock the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan shares for shareholders?  Peck asked.

9. Peck also pointed out that investors wanted to know what an appropriate discount to the NAV would be for the shares of the remaining company, if the tax outcome was uncertain.

10. Finally, Peck questioned whether a core spin would still be a viable option for Yahoo if the sale process was unsuccessful and what the timeline for that process would be.

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas News Financing Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. A piece of Kobe's final game court cost more than many sports cars Watching Kobe Bryant score 60 points in his final NBA game was a priceless experience. Owning a physical piece of the Los Angeles Lakers legend's final performance on an NBA court, though? There is, in fact, a price tag on that, and it was miiiiiiiiiighty steep:

[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all of basketball]

Oh, man, I was just about to bid $180,000 even. (Screencap via NBA Auctions) More

From Darren Rovell of ESPN.com:

A piece of the Staples Center game floor specially made for Kobe Bryant's last game sold for $179,100. [...]

A spokesperson for the NBA, which conducted the auction online on behalf of the Lakers Youth Foundation, said the buyer wanted to remain anonymous.

Naturally. As anyone who has spent any time on the Basketball Internet knows, if there's one thing Kobe fans hate, it's calling attention to how much they like Kobe. (Personally, I really hope the buyer was the Black Mamba himself. Those panels would really make a nice accent to the decor at the Kobe Inc. offices, don't you think?)

As souvenirs from the final game of Bryant's illustrious 20-year career go, it's kind of hard to argue with how rad this one is. I mean, if you couldn't cop one of those diamond-and-gold retirement rings the Lakers gave Kobe and his wife Vanessa, or buy the actual smile Kobe coaxed out of Kanye, getting an autographed chunk of the deck on which he stunned the Utah Jazz with an absurd and perfect 50-shot performance is a pretty good consolation prize, even for the low-low of just under $180K, which also could have netted you, say, a McLaren 540C or a Porsche 911 Turbo Cabriolet. Maybe not as great as the final two gifts Bryant bequeathed to the Lakers   a $1.2 million sayonara merch-sale windfall and, thanks to a farewell tour full of losin', the No. 2 overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft   but still pretty good, all things considered.

More NBA coverage:

- - - - - - -

Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter!

Follow @YourManDevine

Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more. 
2016-02-17
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Why The Stock Is Risky Bob Ciura: Everything is up for grabs now at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), the company has indicated. That means it s willing to sell any or all parts of its business. However, shares are still at multi-year lows.

When we took a close look at Yahoo back in December, the stock wasn t a buy. Now, with a new strategy, Yahoo stock is worth another look.

Yahoo stock has tumbled 40% in just the last year. Its core business continues to falter at the hands of Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and other competitors. It has also seen its large stake in Alibaba (NASDAQ: BABA) work against it. Yahoo owns 15% of Alibaba, and as shares of Alibaba have fallen 30% in the last 12 months, it has pressured Yahoo shares.

Yahoo s initial plan was to spin off its  valuable  Alibaba stake to unlock value for shareholders. That plan quickly went downhill when the company didn t get a favorable ruling from the IRS regarding the tax implications of the spinoff.

Activist Pressure

Pressure from activist investors is nothing new for Yahoo. In the last 10 years, it s faced pressure from Dan Loeb s Third Point and Carl Icahn. Then there s Starboard Value, which has been trying to induce Yahoo to unlock shareholder value for more than a year. That included trying to get the company to spinoff its Alibaba stake.

Then Yahoo decided it was going to spin off its core business, something Starboard opposed. Rather, Starboard wanted Yahoo to sell its core business and keep the overseas assets (i.e., Alibaba and Yahoo Japan).

The tech company had long been opposed to selling its core business. But that changed early this month when CEO Marissa Mayer said the company is open to doing anything it can to create value for shareholders.

Yahoo Buyout Ahead?

Yahoo has drawn interest from various parties, including private equity firms like Bain Capital. But the likely buyer is Verizon Communications (NYSE: VZ). You may recall that Verizon bought AOL for $4.4 billion last year.

Before that purchase, there was some speculation that Yahoo and AOL could merge. A Verizon acquisition of Yahoo would be a roundabout way to marry Yahoo and AOL. Yahoo still owns some valuable properties, including the sports and finance sites. Both of those operations would be of interest to AOL. More importantly, it s Yahoo s user base that would be most enticing for both AOL and Verizon. Yahoo has over 1 billion users, which would fit nicely with AOL s 2 million visitors.

Verizon Looks at Yahoo

Now, it appears that Verizon is taking an even closer look at Yahoo. Verizon has put AOL CEO Tim Armstrong in charge of exploring a possible bid for Yahoo.

Both Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Tim Armstrong were executives at Google and have talked in the past about combining the two companies. Verizon, with the purchase of AOL, is hoping to build a mobile video business that can compete with the online ad winners   Google and Facebook (NASDAQ: FB).

Verizon would use Yahoo s users and traffic as a jumping point to help grow its video streaming service and add value to Verizon s 110 million wireless subscribers.

However, there are no formal talks and Verizon hasn t hired banks to put together a deal.

Another Option



Meanwhile, another activist investor, SpringOwl Asset Management, has a bigger plan for Yahoo. This small fund is looking to turnaround Yahoo by getting it to fire 75% of employees and sell off assets.

The SpringOwl thesis is that breaking up the company now will only get shareholders a few extra dollars, but the turnaround would create much more value. The worry is that if they sold off assets now, it d be a  fire sale  and they would be selling at depressed prices.

Yahoo Stock Is Risky



Still, waiting for a turnaround might take too long. Yahoo s core business continues to deteriorate. Marissa Mayer has been trying to turn Yahoo around for years, ever since taking over the top spot in 2012. But that might be close to impossible. Yahoo has had seven CEOs since 2006 and has seen its market cap cut in half over this time.

And morale at the company appears to be dwindling. The company lost its senior VP in December, who was in charge of advertising products. It also lost its chief development and chief marketing officers last year.

In the end, things could get interesting, or they could get a lot more complicated. The company s core business is in decline, which makes selling it as soon as possible appealing. However, Yahoo appears to be much more interested in turning around the business.

Turnarounds are hard, and with Yahoo stock trading at 43 times next year s earnings estimates and 5 times sales, it s not exactly all that cheap either. Until there s a fundamental plan from Yahoo on how to separate out the overseas assets and monetize the core business, Yahoo stock is still too risky to own.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Bob Ciura from Wyatt Research. Indonesia Bans Tumblr For 'Pornographic Content,' Yahoo Investors Quiet Indonesia announced it would ban Tumblr and 477 other websites for their  pornographic content,  according to a statement made Wednesday by Azhar Hashim, a director of the country s Ministry of Communications and Information Technology, the Jakarta Globe reported.

The decision was made by the ministry s panel on pornographic content. The ministry ordered Internet service providers to block access to the sites.

Hashim said Tumblr could be un-blocked if it stopped displaying pornographic images, but noted that the Indonesian government has not yet re-opened any sites it has blocked in the country, according to the BBC.

Related Link: Yahoo's Potential Buyers

Tumblr Ban Isn't The First

The country blocked access to Vimeo, Reddit and Imugr in 2014 for similar reasons, according to Tech Asia.

The loss of Indonesian users has the potential to hurt Tumblr, especially as eMarketer released a report Wednesday expecting the social network s user base to plateau.

 This will be the last year Tumblr will grow by double digits,  the Internet research firm noted. Tumblr is expected to add less than a quarter of the users Instagram is projected to add by 2020, according to eMarketer research.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) shares have taken a beating after lowering guidance for 2016 in quarterly earnings two weeks ago. The Tumblr ban is another bruise for Yahoo, which purchased the site in 2013 for $1.1 billion.

Despite the news, Yahoo shares were up slightly in pre-market trading.

Benzinga reached out to Yahoo for comment and had not received any at press time.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Azhar Hashim ImugrLong Ideas News Global Markets Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo Is Even Worse Off Than Anyone Realized What do Yahoo Mail, Yahoo.com, and Yahoo Search all have in common?

According to paid technology news service The Information, all three properties of the beleaguered company are losing their audiences -- and fast. The leak comes as another new forecast shows Tumblr is also struggling, and on the same day Yahoo is reportedly shutting down several of its content verticals.

The Information's Amir Efrati reports confidential internal data from Yahoo showing that the number of daily active users visiting Yahoo's home page declined 16.5 percent the first week of December 2014 and again the first week of December 2015. For Yahoo Mail, the decline was 11.5 percent and for search, 8.8 percent.

The audience declines serve as "a reminder of the deep challenges any potential buyer of Yahoo would face," writes Efrati. Yahoo board chairman Maynard Webb indicated earlier this month that the company is for sale.

Meanwhile, analysts at eMarketer say Tumblr appears to be approaching a plateau in user growth and that it will fall further behind competitors over time. Tumblr is expected to grow to 23.2 million users this year, which is less than half the user base of Pinterest and less than a third of that of Instagram, according to eMarketer.

This year is the last year eMarketer predicts Tumblr will see double-digit user growth, at 10.5 percent. By 2020, its analysts think growth will slow to 4.1 percent.

Efrati reported that Tumblr and Yahoo Sports were performing well relative to other Yahoo properties.

He referred to Tumblr, which Yahoo acquired in 2013 for $1.1 billion, as "one of the crown jewels in the company's portfolio." Efrati cited growth of 13 percent in total daily active users and 30 percent in mobile daily active users over the course of 2015 at Tumblr. Efrati's numbers on Tumblr differ somewhat from eMarketer's, and he mentioned in the report that his data came from different product teams.

Yahoo Sports saw total daily active users decline 8.5 percent in the same time frame, while mobile daily active users increased 8.6 percent.

Audience declines and receding user growth together comprise only a one piece of waning tech giant Yahoo's progressive meltdown under the leadership of CEO Marissa Mayer. Politico Media reported Wednesday the company is shutting down half its content verticals, including tech, food, autos, health, and music.

The news follows an announcement during the company's fourth-quarter earnings call February 2 ago of a 15 percent reduction in staff, despite reporting revenue above analyst expectations. In seeming contradiction to news of Yahoo's fatal failings, Mayer said in a statement that day that the company was working on a turnaround.

"Today, we're announcing a strategic plan that we strongly believe will enable us to accelerate Yahoo's transformation," she said. "This is a strong plan calling for bold shifts in products and in resources."

The numbers cast skepticism on her claims.

"Among the takeaways from the data: Yahoo's transition from PCs to mobile is far from complete, and it's a painful one. The company has made little headway in attracting younger people to its services. The data cast doubt over CEO Marissa Mayer's projection that Yahoo will get back to revenue growth in 2017 and beyond," writes Efrati.

Yahoo has not replied to a request for comment. Yahoo shutters some "digital magazines," lays off more than 300 employees in ...  
2016-03-31
Bank Of America Just Called Microsoft 'Cool' Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is closing out the first quarter of 2016 relatively flat, with a year-to-date read down 0.15 percent.

Perhaps in an attempt at a Hail Mary play, the firm recently took steps that have been interpreted as keen interest in potentially buying out Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO).

While talks between Microsoft and private equity firms have been categorized as purely "exploratory," Reuters noted that Microsoft is devoted to preserving its long-term relationship with Yahoo. As Benzinga previously reported, the interest has so far "failed to assure investors," bringing an uneventful close to Q1.

Ol' Faithful Is  Cool,' Says Bank Of America

Despite this backdrop, analysts Kash Rangan and Scott Shiao of Bank of America Merrill Lynch reaffirm the position that the tech giant is "cool."

"Having attended MSFT developer conferences over the past 10 years or so, we conclude that this year's Build Conference was perhaps the best validation that MSFT is firmly becoming visionary and Windows is transforming into a very cool and potentially disruptive operating system in the new world of computing today," the analysts explained.

Related Link: Does Microsoft's Bash Shell Hurt Apple?

In an environment of tech innovations that constantly attempt to wow consumers and investors, it's impressive when an analyst points to a consistent-but-not-wave-making company as a visionary with real potential, particularly in regards to Windows, which has received some rather ho-hum responses in previous iterations (i.e., Windows XP, Windows Vista).

Addressing Windows specifically, the analysts elaborated, "MSFT has the tough task of not only proving that Windows is relevant in the age of declining PC sales and decelerating tablet and smartphone growth, but that it can thrive and lead the way as an important and omnipresent operating system."

The Cool Factor

Rangan and Shiao continued to discuss the disruptive potential of the new Windows, calling Windows 10 "a nexus point for hot MSFT technologies."

"MSFT becomes officially device agnostic with Windows 10 although Win 8 held that potential. Developers can write apps that can run across PC, Surface, Xbox, Skype, Hololens, smartphones including non-Windows by taking advantage of 1,000+ new APIs," the analysts said.

"This may not magically reverse the declining fortunes of the PC industry overnight but we felt a bit of hope that there was a chance it could."

Perhaps most exciting, the Hololens and Surface products are likely to "add a growth leg to the story," stated the analysts.

"Granted that the field of virtual and augmented reality is nascent and potentially competitive with the likes of Google, Facebook and Apple in the fray, this is one of the areas of consumer technology that MSFT got an early start as opposed to a fast follower in past consumer tech cycles like smartphones and tablets," Rangan and Shiao commented.

"We believe that augmented reality, driven by some real-world applications (scientific exploration, customer service, education, gaming, entertainment, training, etc.) has the potential to vault Hololens into a mainstream market as large or even larger than the Xbox [ ] Surface, a $5 billion run-rate business already, could uniquely benefit from recent advancements in Win 10."

Bank of America has a Buy rating on Microsoft, with an attached $65 price objective.

Latest Ratings for MSFT Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Tigress Financial Upgrades Neutral Buy Jan 2017 Wells Fargo Initiates Coverage On Outperform Dec 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage On Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for MSFT

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Bank of AmericaAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. What's PayPal's Role In The Daily Fantasy Sports Industry? Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is said to have informed users of its daily fantasy sports (DFS) platform that they can no longer make deposits using their credit cards. But, Yahoo said it would continue to accept DFS deposits using the Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: PYPL), according to a report on CalvinAyre.

According to the report, PayPal issued its own statement saying it was also continually reviewing and considering "ongoing developments in relation to Daily Fantasy Sports, including the announcements by DraftKings and FanDuel of their temporary withdrawal from certain states and the passage of legislation and regulations in other states."

But, the report said PayPal insisted it "continues to process payments for these businesses in states where they offer their services."

This year, Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) and Vantiv Inc (NYSE: VNTV) have pulled out of the DFS payments for customers in New York state.

These latest announcement puts spotlight on the role of Paypal in the daily fantasy sports industry, where PayPal has long been the popular method to deposit and withdraw money.

Related Link: Should ESPN's 'SportsCenter' Be Covering Wrestlemania 32?

Industry expert Darren Heitner shared his thoughts on the topic to Benzinga.

"PayPal works with many operators in the daily fantasy sports space and probably gained prominence once Vantiv pulled out," he said in an email. "Just yesterday, PayPal stated that it will continue working with multiple DFS companies while it reviews the legal landscape. Concurrently, Yahoo announced that it will stop allowing deposits through credit cards, but will keep permitting PayPal deposits."

"Meanwhile, I noted that at least one DFS company had the rug pulled out from under it by PayPal, so that could be a precursor of what is to come for the larger landscape. Too soon to tell."

Answering a question on how this company had the rug pulled out from under it, Heitner concluded, "Perhaps operating in states that PayPal has deemed inappropriate. But that's mere speculation."

Posted-In: Daily Fantasy Sports Darren Heitner DFS DraftKingsSports Exclusives Tech General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Syracuse is crushing UNC, Villanova and Oklahoma in Final Four merchandise sales  Amazon's Twitch to launch league for popular iOS esports game 'Vainglory' Amazon.com Inc. s AMZN, -1.29% Twitch inked a  multi-million dollar  deal on Thursday to build a first-of-its-kind esports league for the mobile game  Vainglory,  which is leading a new wave of esports on touch-screen devices.

People spent 150 million minutes in total on Twitch last year watching other people play  Vainglory,  which is produced by venture-backed startup Super Evil Megacorp. The deal extends Twitch s commitment to esports, which have skyrocketed in popularity on the video-streaming platform over the last few years. It also shows an interest in multiplayer games expanding to Apple Inc. iOS AAPL, -0.53% and Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% Android devices.

Also See: Esports explained in 5 pictures

 The esports industry has been dominated by PC and console titles, but  Vainglory  is ushering in a new mobile games movement,  said Nick Allen, Twitch s director of esports operations.

Strong engagement on Twitch for  Vainglory  indicates people are open to a convergence of esports and mobile gaming, said Nick Allen, Twitch s director of esports operations. The game had a $350,000 prize pool last Fall, the largest of any other touchscreen esports game.

Through the three-year deal, Twitch will help set up and provide funding for live events, which includes tournaments and blockbuster championship games, as well as sponsorships and merchandise sales, which are the biggest driver of esports revenue growth.

Also See: 27 million people watched this video game tournament

Last year, the industry generated $325 million in worldwide revenues, according to Newzoo, which has been tracking the industry. It expects revenues to grow by 43% this year to $463 million, and believes revenues will surpass $1 billion by 2019.

The industry has attracted sponsorship attention from major companies, including Intel Corp. INTC, -1.07% and Red Bull, in recent years. Major media companies have also entered the market, with both Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% and Walt Disney Co. s DIS, +0.14% ESPN recently initiating plans to provide comprehensive coverage of esports events.

Amazon does not break out Twitch s revenue in its financial statements. Shares of Amazon fell 0.3% to $596.99 in afternoon trade on Wednesday. They ve declined by 12% over the last three months, but remain up more than 60% over the last 12 months.

Amazon bought Twitch in 2014 for $970 million. 
2016-10-09
YHOO Stock: Is Verizon Reconsidering the Yahoo Deal? Shares of Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) fell $0.29, or 0.70%, at $43.39 early Friday morning following a report from The New York Post stating that according to sources Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) is seeking a billion dollar discount on its pending $4.8 billion acquisition of Yahoo s core assets after recent news of email hack as well as government-direct email scanning.

 In the last day, we ve heard that Tim Armstrong, [Verizon/AOL boss] is getting cold feet. He s pretty upset about the lack of disclosure and he s saying,  Can we get out of this or can we reduce the price? ,  one of the sources told the publication.

Armstrong, who obviously feels Yahoo s value has diminished as a result of last month s disclosure of a data hack, flew to the West Coast to meet with Yahoo executives in recent days to  hammer out the case  for a price reduction, one of the sources told the Post, adding that the Yahoo-deal team and CEO Marissa Mayer are  trying to protect shareholders  by pushing back hard against any attempt to negotiate the price down. They insist that a deal is a deal and that the telecom giant can not legally change the terms.

The Post notes however, that the discussions are ongoing and that the $1 billion discount sought by Armstrong would come on top of a potential $1 billion legal reserve that Verizon may set aside to fund potential legal issues associated with the recent Yahoo email hack.

Former interim Yahoo CEO Ross Levinsohn told CNBC on Wednesday,  If I am sitting at Verizon right now just from a business standpoint, I would probably reserve a bunch of money against the deal or go back to Yahoo and ask for a discount. 

Verizon s discount request comes on the heels of the web portal getting hammered by bad news in the past few weeks.

Yahoo confirmed last month that in late 2014 it had been hacked and that personal data of more than half a billion users, including their names, email addresses, phone numbers and encrypted passwords were stolen. Then later this week it was revealed that the embattled company had cooperated with the U.S. government by building surveillance tools, granting U.S intelligence agencies unprecedented access to  hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts .

These stories are the main reason why Yahoo shares have lost more than 2.50% of their value since the beginning of last month. The stock however, has advanced 15.74% in the past three months and 31.33% since Jan. 1. Over the past 5 trading sessions YHOO has gained 2.61%.

Yahoo Stock Action

Yahoo began trading on Friday at $43.26 to close at at $43.22, or 1.05% lower from the prior days close of $43.68. On an intraday basis ticker got as low as $43.12 and as high as $43.68.

On Valuation measures, the $41.29 billion market cap Palo Alto, California-based company has a median Street price target of $44 with a high target of $55. Of 31 analysts who follow the stock 13 rate it a  Buy , and 18 others rate it a  Hold . No analyst rates the name a  Sell.

Yahoo is up 37.06% year-over-year. Shares of New York-based Verizon closed down 0.68% at $49.92 on Friday. 
2016-04-04
Yahoo Should Be At Least $48 A Share  Microsoft Willing To Lend A Helping Hand In Yahoo Sale Microsoft has said that it is willing to give financial backing to the company that buys Yahoo.

Microsoft's move hardly comes as a surprise given its search engine partnership with Yahoo.

Yahoo's sale now appears more likely than not to happen.

Many Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) investors still consider the company s efforts to sell itself a farce, and they can be forgiven considering Yahoo s past record on this issue. Many investors attribute the slow process of a sale to antipathy by CEO Marissa Mayer whom they see as favoring her own turnaround plans for the company. Activist investor Starboard is one such investor and has followed through with its threat to launch a proxy battle to oust Yahoo Inc's board by nominating its own board.

And it s increasingly looking like events might actually force Yahoo s hand in the matter and leave it with little choice than to make good its promise to pursue a sale. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has now just made it harder for Yahoo to renege on a sale by promising to offer significant financing for the company that buys Yahoo. Microsoft has reportedly been meeting with private equity firms that are considering launching bids for Yahoo by promising backing up such a bid with as much as $1B.

Microsoft s interest in the matter hardly comes as a surprise to anyone, considering the company s long-standing ties with Yahoo. In one of my past articles, I had listed Microsoft as a strong candidate in Yahoo s buyout. Microsoft has an ongoing search deal with Yahoo that dates back to 2010. The search engine partnership allows Bing Search to act as the default search engine on Yahoo. Microsoft definitely wants to ensure that whoever buys Yahoo becomes a good partner for the company.

I had argued in the article that although Microsoft had formally made a bid for Yahoo back in 2008, it was not very likely that the company would place a direct bid for the company this time around. Microsoft s M&A activity under Satya Nadella has been spotty at best, with the company s $2.5B acquisition of Minecraft maker Mojang being the biggest under the CEO.

Yahoo is reportedly looking for as much as $10B for its core business and has even set an April 11 deadline for bids for its core business. Microsoft could actually easily buy Yahoo if it set its mind on it. The company has close to $100B in cash though much of it is stashed overseas. In any case, Microsoft had made a bid for Yahoo eight years ago at $31/share, or $45B, though Ballmer is frequently accused of not making the best use of investor resources.

By buying Yahoo, Microsoft could double its search engine market share almost overnight and would be in a better position to counter Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOG) dominance. Bing has lately become profitable for Microsoft after years of posting losses. Perhaps the company could squeeze even more profits from the search engine if it manages to integrate it with Yahoo Search.

Analysts estimate that Yahoo could net another $1B-$3B in sale of non-core assets including patents, land, and other company property. Many analysts, however, consider Yahoo s asking price for its core business too ambitious and see the business fetching $6B-$8B. That would still be double the $3B-$4B that many analysts had assigned to the business just a couple of months ago.

Meanwhile, not everyone thinks that Yahoo is dragging its feet in the sale process, with CNBC saying the process is in the middle of the first round.

Ultimately, Microsoft s involvement in Yahoo s sale might go a long way in accelerating the process. Although no bids have officially been made for Yahoo, there does not seem to be shortage of takers including Verizon (NYSE:VZ), AT&T (NYSE:T) and Comcast -A (NASDAQ:CMCSA), as well as private equity firms such as Vista Equity Partners, KKR, Advent International, TPG, and others. That said, Yahoo s sale process is highly likely to sail through. Marissa Mayer vs.  Kim Kardashian's Ass : What Sunk Yahoo's Media Ambitions? Yahoo s offices have become a grim place of late. In February, C.E.O Marissa Mayer announced that the company would shed 15 percent of its staff as it explores a sale of its core business. This human  streamlining  has been particularly brutal for morale at Yahoo s extensive media holdings. Numerous publications have been shuttered, including Yahoo Food, Yahoo Health, Yahoo Parenting, Yahoo Makers, Yahoo Travel, Yahoo Autos, and Yahoo Real Estate. In the company s newsroom, on West 43rd Street, there are now so many empty desks that remaining employees have  corralled everyone together so it didn t feel so lonely,  one staffer told me.

Yahoo s journalists used to joke amongst themselves about the extensive variety of Kind bars provided, but now the snacks aren t being replenished. Instead, employees frequently remind each other that there is little reason to bother creating quality work within Yahoo s vast eco-system of middle-brow content.  You are competing against Kim Kardashian s ass,  goes a common refrain.

It wasn t supposed to be this way. On her first official day as the C.E.O. of Yahoo, in July 2012, Mayer pulled up to the company s Sunnyvale, California, headquarters in her hunter-green BMW to an ecstatic outpouring of optimism. According to Nicholas Carlson s definitive book, Marissa Mayer and the Fight to Save Yahoo!, wall screens projected  Welcome Marissa!  and Mayer s face was adorned on Shepard Fairey style posters above the word  HOPE,  in all caps. David Filo, Yahoo s co-founder, personally unfurled a purple carpet to lead the company s newest leader through the front doors of its headquarters.

Mayer was hired, in part, to sort out Yahoo s identity crisis was it a media business, or rather a tech company? It was a confusing question. Yahoo began as a general guide to the Internet, one that aimed to be all things to all users chat rooms, news sites, e-mail, fantasy football, you name it. For a time, this strategy worked brilliantly. At its peak, Yahoo s market capitalization reached $128 billion. But as Yahoo expanded, other companies became more specialized and began eating away at its domination in niche categories. Soon enough, it was losing out to Google in search and e-mail, Craigslist in classifieds, and countless Web sites in editorial. Its market capitalization is now approximately $35 billion, virtually all of which owes to its stake in Alibaba, the Chinese Internet giant.

By the time Mayer was hired, however, Yahoo still boasted an enormous digital audience. But running a media company was not intended as Mayer s brief. She was a technology executive who had ascended to the top ranks of Google by focusing on the product side of the business. Now, she had a broad mandate to return the company to among Silicon Valley s elite. Successful tech companies, after all, are far more valuable than even thriving media businesses.

But while Mayer worked away on new products, she also seemed to harbor an ambition to turn Yahoo into a media juggernaut, too even if she didn t have any experience in the field. And it didn t seem to matter if Yahoo already had a massive audience. Successful or not, Mayer had little interest in the sort of content that Yahoo was creating the sort of content, that is, for people searching for pictures of Kim Kardashian s backside. The glamorous C.E.O. wanted instead to upgrade her site by hiring a roster of big-name journalistic talent.  One of her initial observations of us,  one former Yahoo executive told me,  was that we don t have big-enough names. 

Mayer quickly addressed this concern. She hired Katie Couric as Yahoo s  global anchor  in late 2013, for a deal reportedly worth more than $5 million a year. (According to a person close to the company, the deal has been renewed at a value closer to $10 million, in a combination of cash and stock.) Yahoo recruited Megan Liberman from The New York Times to be editor in chief of Yahoo News; it also hired the Times  tech columnist David Pogue and its star political reporter, Matt Bai. Andy Serwer, the former editor of Fortune, was brought in to run Yahoo Finance. Mayer recruited *Elle *s then creative director, Joe Zee, to run a style-focused digital magazine, former New York Post Page Six editor Paula Froelich to lead Yahoo Travel, and makeup impresario Bobbi Brown to run Yahoo Beauty. In the process, Mayer shuttered Shine, Yahoo s middle-brow site for women, with its 500 million monthly page views.

In August, she completed her spree by hiring Martha Nelson, the former top editor of Time Inc., who was best known for her extremely successful editorship of People magazine, to become Yahoo Media s global editor in chief for compensation reported at upwards of $2 million.  I am Martha Nelson s biggest fan,  Mayer wrote on her Tumblr page after the move was announced. (In 2013, Yahoo acquired Tumblr for $1.1 billion.)  I have followed her work for nearly 20 years. She was the first and only name on my list for Editor-in-Chief of Yahoo and I m so happy that we have made this a reality! 

Finally, it seemed Mayer had an answer to the question of whether Yahoo was a tech company or a media company. It was both.  We may not be the biggest technology company, but we re the biggest technology company that understands media,  she said at a Bloomberg conference last summer. No one argues with the first part of her statement; it s the second half that is the subject of debate. 
2016-04-25
A Shotgun Wedding For Yahoo! (Podcast)  HSBC Sued by Trader Fired for Sending Data to Yahoo E-Mail HSBC Holdings Plc was sued for unfair dismissal by an equity derivatives trader who was fired for sending client data to his personal Yahoo! Inc. e-mail address.

The trader, Ben Lazimy, sent a 1,400-page spreadsheet listing all the bank s equities transactions in 2010 that included client names and margins, HSBC lawyer, Clarisse Lebigot, told a Paris employment tribunal Friday.

 The data was confidential and key to the business,  Lebigot said. She called Lazimy s request for 2.3 million euros ($2.6 million)  absurd  for someone who had worked at the bank for less than six years.

Fired traders routinely turn to specialist labor courts throughout Europe in a bid to recoup lost bonuses and rehabilitate tarnished reputations. In London last week, a Citigroup Inc. foreign-exchange trader who was suspended while on maternity leave won her employment suit against the bank

Lazimy s lawyer, Jamila El Berry, said the e-mail incident was  an excuse  to fire him, which adds to the harassment he suffered after refusing to transfer from Paris to London amid a restructuring within the bank.

Widely Available

El Berry said her client didn t breach professional secrecy as the document never got into any outsider s hands. The spreadsheet was widely available within the bank -- even to interns -- and a police report found the attachment  was damaged and unusable,  she said, adding that prosecutors dismissed HSBC s criminal complaint.

Banks are under growing pressure to secure their data after high-profile cyber attacks against JPMorgan Chase & Co. and HSBC led to the loss of millions of customer records. One of the most severe risks for a data breach comes from employees, who might unwittingly upload a virus or be blackmailed into helping an attacker.

HSBC is particularly sensitive about the issue after former employee Herve Falciani said he took client data to prove that its Geneva private banking unit was helping foreign clients evade taxes. The case generated global headlines after the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists published a report know as the Swiss Leaks based on Falciani s data.

A spokesman for HSBC in Paris declined to comment.

El Berry said other Paris traders who refused to move to London were also pressured by the bank. Lazimy went from being praised by management and rising to the position of director to getting negative evaluations, a salary freeze, no bonuses and a reduction to his responsibilities, she told the tribunal. Verisk Analytics, Inc., Signs Definitive Agreement to Sell Its Healthcare ...  Will Uber Be the Hottest IPO of 2016?  
2016-10-22
Google Tops Web Traffic List, Followed by Yahoo and Facebook Search tops portal and social media, according to new data about visits to America s largest websites in September. Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google topped the list with 234 million unique visitors for the month, according to comScore.

Second on the list is Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO), which probably will be bought by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ). It had 207 million unique visitors last month. Yahoo has the bad fortune that its bread and butter, online display ads, have dropped in price. While native and video ads have replaced this somewhat, Google and Facebook have as much as two-thirds of online ad revenue. According to Bloomberg:

Google, the leading Internet search provider, and Facebook, the biggest social network operator, claimed 64 percent of that revenue, according to Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser. Google scooped up $30 billion and Facebook gathered $8 billion, while other smaller companies lost market share, the analyst noted.

Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) had 205 million unique visitors.

Following that is Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) with 192 million unique visitors. This includes MSN and visits to Microsoft company sites.

Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), the online retail company, sits next at 184 million unique visitors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) is well down the list in 22nd place, with 93 million unique visitors. It, and the revenue it gets online, show something of the wall that Wal-Mart has to climb.

Two media properties are next: CBS Interactive from CBS Corp. (NYSE: CBS) at 168 million and Comcast Corp. s (NASDAQ: CMCSA) NBCUniversal at 163 million. This includes all visitors to the cable, broadcast and studio sites, and gives some idea of why AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) would want Time Warner Inc. (NYSE: TWX), the sites of which are broken into pieces. Turner Digital, the largest of them, had unique visitors of 132 million.

Behind CBS and Comcast, AOL, a division of Verizon, has 158 million. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is next at 153 million.

Among social media companies, LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE: LNKD) had 124 million, Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) 113 million and Pinterest 98 million.

Mode Media, which closed in September, had 93 million unique visitors, which shows how little raw audience means. 
2016-11-03
GameCredits Inc. Partners with Datcroft Games Ltd. to Deliver Revolutionary ... LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Nov 3, 2016) - GameCredits Inc. (http://gamecredits.com/), the LA-based IT and financial company with a mission to deliver blockchain based products to a mass market in the gaming industry, today announced its partnership with Datcroft Games Ltd. (http://datcroft.com/), the global gaming development company with 12 million users, known for creating beautiful game worlds. The partnership will allow users to purchase games and earn money using GameCredits' unique cryptocurrency payments solution, which integrates starting from popular Datcroft games including MMORPGs, TPS and social games. The first game to integrate GameCredits is MMORPG Fragoria, the popular web-based, free-to-play multiplayer game, available for play and exchange using GameCredits in early December.

GameCredits' integration into popular games will allows users to:

Buy in-game items and purchase games.

Have larger deposit limits than traditional payment methods.

Win gamecredits and spend across different games.

Easily cash out or send to exchanges.

Multiply value of gamecredits cryptocurrency (GAME) due to demand pressure.

"Among the biggest issues with monetizing the gaming community are limited options for depositing and spending money, difficulty transferring funds between games and unsecure methods for storing funds" said Sergey Sholom, CEO of Datcroft. "GameCredits' partnership with Datcroft Games Ltd. marks a turning point in both the crypto- and gaming industries by providing a safe and easy system for monetizing the blockchain for gaming."

GameCredits is a winning solution for gamers as well as developers enabling developers to:

Receive substantial savings over traditional revenue-share models.

Receive immediate payouts of earned revenues.

Control their revenue economy by promoting and incentivizing GameCredits Inc. payment options.

Benefit from cross promotion of other games in the ecosystem.

Profit from demand pressure put on gamecredits cryptocurrency price.

"We believe there's never before been a more viable solution to monetizing the blockchain for gaming," said Sholom. "We're testing out the payments solution with one of the most popular games, Fragoria, which features around 8 million players -- and this is the first of many games GameCredits will integrate with."

For more information and to purchase gamecredits cryptocurrency, please visit: http://gamecredits.com/.

About GameCredits, Inc.:

GameCredits delivers blockchain-based products to the gaming industry. Founded in 2016, GameCredits allows game developers to accept the gamecredits cryptocurrency (GAME) to securely purchase existing in-game items without the inconvenience and cost of traditional banking and payment alternatives. Users can purchase GAME directly inside their own GameCredits wallet for USD, Euro and bitcoin, as well as on major exchanges globally, including Bittrex and Poloniex. For more information and to purchase GameCredits, please visit: http://gamecredits.com/.

About Datcroft Games LTD.:

Datcroft Games LTD. is a global gaming development company known for creating beautiful game worlds on Web, PC and mobile platforms. Founded in 2004, Datcroft Games has become increasingly popular developing games such as MMORPG Fragoria, which has over 8 million registered accounts. The team consists of more than 50 people from more than 10 cities in 7 countries and 5 different time zones. Games of Datcroft are available in 15 languages worldwide and have been already played by more than 12 million users. For more information on Datcroft Games Ltd., please visit http://datcroft.com/. 
2016-02-09
Startup aims to turn tech recruiting process upside down A new website for technology professionals launches today with a mission to turn the traditional recruiting process on its head.

Woo enables tech professionals to define their criteria for employment via anonymous profiles. Prospective employers can then pick and choose promising candidates and pay a fee to connect with them. The service is aimed at passive job-seekers, or those who are aren t actively in the market for work but are open to inquiries from employers who have job opportunities that closely match their interests.

Woo upends traditional recruiting by letting job candidates specify what they want out of a job. This can include things like interests, salary, location, benefits, training and work environment. Woo imports data on candidates  profiles from places like LinkedIn, Github and Stack Overflow, then strips all personal identifiers using a proprietary anonymizing technology.

Once an employer asks to connect to a candidate, Woo provides the candidate with information about the job, employer, culture, funding and other background. If the job seeker asks for an introduction, Woo enables a direct contact.

Because the service removes much of the uncertainty about matching candidates and employers, response rates are orders of magnitude higher than popular recruiting platforms like LinkedIn, said Liran Kotzer, CEO of Woo.  Because all the employers do the same spray and pray LinkedIn becomes a very noisy platform for candidates,  he said.  We see a response rate of 75% [of employer inquiries] because we show only candidates for whom there s a probability the employer can provide what they want. 

The Tel Aviv- and San Francisco-based Woo, which has raised $2.35 million in seed funding, has signed on more than 100 employers, including Adobe Systems Inc., Yahoo! Inc. and AOL Inc., Kotzer said. However, it costs companies nothing to sign up, since they pay only when a match is made. Woo currently charges a fee of 10 percent of the candidate s first-year salary, but it is experimenting with subscriptions and other pricing models, Kotzer said. There is no cost to job-seekers to enroll.

Woo is currently available on an invitation-only basis to technology professionals in the San Francisco Bay Area, but the company plans to expand to other industries and geographies soon. Request an invitation at the company s website. Silicon Valley Techies Give More to Republicans Than You Think Engineers and other staffers at some of Silicon Valley s biggest technology companies are leaning more Republican than you might think.

As the presidential race got rolling last year, employees from Intel Corp., Yahoo! Inc., Oracle Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. gave most dollars to Republican candidates and their party. The reverse was true for workers at Google, Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc., where the majority of contributions were channeled to Democrats.

Which candidates got the most tech-geek money? Among Republicans, Jeb Bush came out on top at Yahoo, Twitter Inc., and Amazon.com Inc., while Marco Rubio led the pack at Oracle, Cisco, Facebook, Microsoft Corp. and Google Inc. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton got a higher total of employee contributions than Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders at about three-quarters of the biggest tech companies.

California s Silicon Valley, with a population that skews young and liberal and has a high concentration of immigrants, has a reputation for leaning Democratic; there s also a Libertarian streak among the many entrepreneurs who d rather go about efforts to change the world with minimal government meddling. Yet the data shows that in some cases, the longer a company has been around, the more likely its employees give to Republicans; newer businesses  workers are more likely to support Democrats.

 The Valley has become more politically engaged,  said Melinda Jackson, political science professor at San Jose State University.  The perception certainly is that these companies lean towards the Democrats. I wouldn t say that s wrong, but what you are finding is reflective of the fact that there is a much more dynamic race on the Republican side. 

Left, Right

The numbers show that Silicon Valley as a whole favors Democrats, with about $3.82 million in total contributions among employees to Democratic candidates and the party, compared with $2.28 million for the GOP and its candidates. And given the grab-bag of GOP candidates, donations to Republicans are more widely spread out; for example, contributions to Sanders s campaign alone topped all Republican candidates.

Twitter employees only donated to three candidates overall, but 97 percent of spending went to Democrats. At Microsoft, that number was more than 70 percent and at Facebook it was 68 percent. Apple employee political expenditures tipped the scales at almost 93 percent in favor of Democrats.

Among Democrats, Clinton was the top dollar-getter of individual contributions at all but three companies: Amazon, Intel and Yahoo. At Facebook, Clinton s take topped Sanders by more than 10 times, with total donations of $394,482. At Intel, though, Sanders garnered one and a half times as much as Clinton. Google and Microsoft employees gave the largest amount overall to Democrats and the DNC -- $1.25 million at Google and $840,310 at Microsoft.

Among Republican candidates, the largest recipient of contributions from workers at Hewlett-Packard was the company s former chief executive officer, Carly Fiorina (the business split last year but the numbers were combined for the analysis). While Apple employees made very few donations to Republicans, the largest part of the iPhone maker s GOP total went to libertarian Rand Paul.

The numbers are based on Federal Election Commission filings and data collected by Bloomberg on individual donations to candidates and the Republican and Democratic National Committees through the end of 2015. While anyone soliciting a donation is required to seek the name of employer, there s no legal requirement for donors to divulge that information, which could result in some contributions not being linked to specific companies.

Super-PACs

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily.

Aside from official campaign contributions, Silicon Valley wealth has been a target for super-PACs, which can accept unlimited donations as long as they don t coordinate directly with the candidates. The size of those contributions can quickly eclipse the amount of money that rank-and-file employees give to campaigns.



Republicans appear to be landing the biggest such donations. Oracle Corp. Chairman Larry Ellison gave $3 million to an outside group backing Marco Rubio, tech investor Peter Thiel contributed $2 million to a super-PAC supporting Carly Fiorina, while Meg Whitman of Hewlett-Packard gave $900,000 to the group backing Chris Christie.

Ellison s donation to Rubio s super-PAC marks a shift for him. He once touted his friendship with Hillary Clinton s husband, former President Bill Clinton, and in 2000 wondered aloud at a press conference why Bill Clinton couldn t run for a third term.

Other technology bigwigs and past donors are so far absent from the rolls, either sitting this one out or keeping their powder dry for later, when each party chooses its nominee. There were no listed donations for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, a former Obama donor, or Salesforce.com Inc. chief Marc Benioff, also a big Obama and DNC backer in 2012. Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg, Google s Larry Page and Amazon s Jeff Bezos disclosed no donations in 2012 s presidential election, and haven t made any in the current cycle, after of 2015. 
2016-11-22
mCig, Inc., Acquires 17M Shares of Omni Health, Inc. HENDERSON, NV--(Marketwired - Nov 22, 2016) - mCig Inc., ( OTCQB : MCIG ), a diversified company servicing the legal cannabis, hemp, and CBD markets, announced today it elected to convert its Convertible Promissory Note into shares of Omni Health, Inc., ( OTC PINK : OMHE ) as of October 31, 2016. The outstanding balance owed, $98,108, including interest, was converted into just over 17,677,058 shares, increasing its current position to more than 75,177,058 shares.

"MCIG had been approached by many companies that wanted VTCQ and we wanted the best deal possible for MCIG and its shareholders. We kept the brands we helped create (Vitacig), kept a sizeable share position, and made a deal with a company that is doing 7 figures in revenue a quarter," said Paul Rosenberg CEO of MCIG, Inc. The significance of the Omni Health, Inc., ( OTC PINK : OMHE ) deal for MCIG shareholders is the passive investment by MCIG will derive a future cash position for MCIG and MCIG shareholders. At a $0.02 PPS of OMHE, our investment is worth roughly $1.5 million; however the current valuation is based upon the previous VTCQ business and its net losses, while OMHE has just stated a net profit of $1.6M in its first quarter, which will significantly enhance our investment once all information is made public and digested in the market. With $1.6M net profit reported in its first quarter, dividend holders in the old VTCQ now have significantly more revenue stream and profit stream than the previous assets which were taken back into MCIG, mainly the VitaCig product line.

As a shareholder of OMHE, MCIG is happy to unlock value for shareholders by developing great streams of revenues and incubating great businesses like Scalable. Each business division has its own time and growth, and MCIG's time now will focus on the other divisions now that VTCQ is in good hands with a strong management team to guide our ownership.

OMHE will be engaging in its own public relations program to unlock the value for its shareholders, and operate completely autonomous with MCIG. Michael Hawkins has been leading the transition of power team with OMHE to assist new management in a smooth progression from a private operation for more than 40 years to one of a public entity. Mr. Hawkins will be relinquishing his role as the Chief Executive Officer during this period of transition as it is winding down to new management as a natural progression to autonomy.

About mCig, Inc.

Headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, mCig Inc. ( OTCQB : MCIG ) A diversified company servicing the legal cannabis, hemp and CBD markets via its lifestyle brands. MCIG has transitioned from a vaporizer manufacturer to industry leading large scale, full service cannabis cultivation construction company with its Scalable Solutions division currently operating in the rapidly expanding Nevada market. The company looks forward to growing its core competencies to service the Ancillary legal Cannabis, Hemp and CBD markets, with broader expansion to take place once federal laws change. For more information visit www.mcig.org.

About Omni Health, Inc.

Headquartered in Miami, Florida, Omni Health Inc. operates a pharmacy operation in Hialeah, Florida, Malecon Pharmacy. Malecon Pharmacy has been a pillar of the local community since 1974 providing healthcare products, pharmacy operations, prescription drugs, and other services and products in the skin care and anti-aging industry.

Safe Harbor Statement

Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Company's ability to develop, market and sell products based on its technology; the expected benefits and efficacy of the Company's products and technology; the availability of substantial additional funding for the Company to continue its operations and to conduct research and development, and future product commercialization; and the Company's business, research, product development, regulatory approval, marketing and distribution plans and strategies.

This release contains a non-GAAP disclosure, EBIDTA, which consists of net income plus interest expense, net, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. This term, as the Company defines it, may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure used by other companies and is not a measure of performance presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses EBIDTA as a measure of operating performance. EBIDTA should not be considered as a substitute for net income. Investigation Relating To Amaya Inc. By Block & Leviton LLP BOSTON, Nov. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Block & Leviton LLP (http://www.blockesq.com) announces that it is investigating potential securities fraud or manipulation claims involving David Baazov, the former CEO of Amaya Inc. ("Amaya" or the "Company") (AYA).

On November 14, 2016, Baazov who owns approximately 17% of the Company's outstanding shares and has been accused of insider trading by Canadian securities regulators in a separate matter filed documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission stating that he had made an offer to take the Company private. In those documents, Baazov claimed that he had secured equity commitment letters from, among others, KBC Aldini Capital Limited, a Dubai-based investment firm.

Earlier today (November 22, 2016), Toronto's Globe and Mail reported that KBC Aldini Capital "has 'no involvement' whatsoever in the proposed multibillion dollar privatization deal   and has filed a complaint with U.S. regulators, [according to] its top executive."

Amaya shares plummeted on the news, dropping by over 7%.

Block & Leviton LLP is investigating to determine whether investors may be able to bring claims to recover their losses under the federal securities laws.

If you purchased Amaya stock between November 14, 2016 and November 22, 2016 and have questions about your legal rights, or if you have information relevant to this investigation, please contact attorney Joel Fleming of Block & Leviton LLP at (617) 398-5600 or at Joel@blockesq.com or visit http://www.blockesq.com/Amaya. Confidentiality for any whistleblowers or other persons with information relevant to the investigation is assured.

Block & Leviton LLP is a Boston-based law firm representing investors nationwide. The firm's lawyers have collectively been prosecuting securities cases on behalf of individual and institutional investors for over 50 years, and have recovered billions of dollars on their behalf.

CONTACT:

BLOCK & LEVITON LLP

Joel Fleming

(617) 398-5600

joel@blockesq.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/investigation-relating-to-amaya-inc-by-block--leviton-llp-300367544.html ACNB Corporation to Acquire New Windsor Bancorp, Inc. in Northern Maryland GETTYSBURG, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

ACNB Corporation (ACNB) ( ACNB ), the parent financial holding company of ACNB Bank, a Pennsylvania state-chartered, FDIC insured community bank headquartered in Gettysburg, PA, announced today the execution of a Definitive Agreement whereby New Windsor Bancorp, Inc. (NWID) ( New Windsor ) will be merged with and into an ACNB acquisition subsidiary and, as soon as possible thereafter, New Windsor State Bank, New Windsor s wholly-owned subsidiary bank, will merge with and into ACNB Bank. Two directors from New Windsor will join the boards of ACNB and ACNB Bank, respectively, and ACNB Bank will operate in the Maryland market as  New Windsor Bank, a division of ACNB Bank. 

Thomas A. Ritter, ACNB Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer, stated,  ACNB Corporation has an established tradition of enhancing long-term shareholder value. We view this transaction as part of that tradition. ACNB Corporation was built over the past 150 years by hard-working individuals coming together to effectively compete, grow, and create a better community bank. 

Frank  Rusty  Elsner, III, ACNB Chairman of the Board, added,  We are very pleased to partner with New Windsor Bancorp, Inc., an organization that shares a similar culture and business philosophy. This new partnership will enable ACNB Corporation to profitably grow in a desirable market that is adjacent to our current footprint. We are also pleased to invite two directors from the New Windsor Bancorp, Inc. and New Windsor State Bank boards of directors to the boards of directors of ACNB Corporation and ACNB Bank. We believe they will provide valuable insight into this new market as we look to successfully execute our strategic plan.  Based on the financial results as of September 30, 2016, the combined company would have pro forma total assets of $1.52 billion, total deposits of $1.24 billion, and loans of $1.13 billion.

Once the merger is complete, ACNB will have 29 retail banking offices in Pennsylvania and Maryland --- offering a full range of integrated financial services, including banking, trust, brokerage, mortgage and insurance, as well as full-service ATMs. ACNB indicated that since this is a market expansion transaction, many of New Windsor State Bank employees will be retained, specifically in the areas of lending, customer contact and retail.

At their election, New Windsor shareholders will receive 1.10 shares of ACNB common stock or $30.00 cash for each share of New Windsor common stock that they own as of the closing date. The transaction is subject to an election and allocation procedure that will result in 85% of the consideration being paid as ACNB common stock and 15% of the consideration being paid in cash. The 15% paid in cash will be paid on the basis of $30.00 per share.

Based on the market close on November 21, 2016, the transaction is valued at $33,294,000 or $33.11 per share. The transaction is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes.

As of September 30, 2016, New Windsor had total assets of $311.1 million, total deposits of $272.9 million and total loans of $262.2 million. Speaking on behalf of New Windsor, Tom N. Rasmussen, President, said,  We are pleased to join forces with a company that has laid a clear course for the future, and one in which we believe meets the objectives of all our constituencies. New Windsor State Bank has been part of the Northern Maryland community for more than 80 years with origins that date back to 150 years. With ACNB Corporation as our partner, we believe that the resources, capital, expertise, experience, and common culture are there for us to profitably grow in this market for years to come. I look forward to remaining in Northern Maryland and serving as Market President of New Windsor Bank, a division of ACNB Bank. 

The transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies. It is subject to New Windsor stockholder approval, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Currently, the transaction is expected to close late in the second quarter or early in the third quarter of 2017. Overall, ACNB believes this transaction will allow for profitable growth and an enhanced footprint while maintaining a prudent cost structure.

Read More 
2016-01-26
The Internet Is Targeting Yahoo For Fostering An Illegal Ivory Trade The online activism network Avaaz has made a name for itself exposing websites complicit in the illegal ivory trade. Last year, the group launched a highly publicized campaign to pressure Craigslist into banning ivory sales. Its latest target? Yahoo Japan.

Advertisement

Ivory trafficking sounds like something you d only find in the seediest corners of the internet, but a huge amount of illegal tusk is actually being sold on large consumer websites to buyers who are unaware of its origin. In April, a study by the Wildlife Conservation Society unearthed a flourishing black market ivory trade on Craigslist, where many ivory items of questionable origin had been listed as  antiques.  Given that approximately 100 elephants are slaughtered by poachers for their tusks every day, it s reasonable to assume that many of these trinkets which come with no documentation whatsoever aren t as antiquated as they claim to be.

Craigslist has not yet responded to demands that it ban ivory sales, but the pressure on the company to take action is stronger than ever. Meanwhile, Avaaz has turned its attention to Yahoo Japan, another high-profile target whose Ebay-like auction site is allegedly profiting from illegal ivory sales. From 2012 to 2014, more than 12 tons of whole tusks and cut ivory pieces were sold through Yahoo Japan, according to an independent study conducted by the Environmental Investigation Agency.

Advertisement

 If you think how many tusks are required to make a ton, that s an enormous amount of dead elephant,  Avaaz Campaign Director Bert Wander told Gizmodo.  Yahoo is one of the only big internet companies that allows this to go on. 

Indeed, other internet giants like Google and Amazon already have strict bans on the sale of ivory products. Meanwhile, countries with large ivory markets like Hong Kong are finally starting to crack down on tusk imports.  We re at a moment where we re seeing the whole world rising to meet this problem,  Wander said.

That s why Avaaz launched a petition last week to pressure Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer into ending ivory sales through her company s trademarks. As of writing, that campaign has over a million signatures. But so far, Yahoo has not offered any indication that it plans to put added pressure on the Japanese website that uses its brand name. While Yahoo Japan is an independent company, Yahoo Inc. is a 35 percent shareholder in the business.

Sponsored

 Yahoo is a household name, an internet giant, and it s making essentially blood money off the back of elephants being killed,  Wander said.  They could quite easily do the world a favor by helping conserve these magnificent animals. 

Gizmodo has contacted Yahoo Inc. and Yahoo Japan for comment and we will update if we hear back.

Advertisement

Update 1/26/15 2pm: Yahoo Inc. has responded to Gizmodo with the following statement.

At Yahoo, Inc., we understand the concerns raised by this campaign, and we in no way condone the sale of products made with ivory obtained from any animal at risk of extinction. Yahoo, Inc. does not accept ads for ivory under our existing policies ( Live Animals & Endangered Species - Yahoo Product Ads prohibits the sale of live animals as well as products obtained from or the actual sale of endangered or threatened species. ). Yahoo, Inc. is an investor in Yahoo Japan and does not have controlling ownership. As such, Yahoo Japan determines their own policies and we refer you to the Yahoo Japan team for comment regarding their policies.

Follow the author @themadstone

Top image via Wikimedia Broker Roundup: Analysts Weigh In on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Yahoo! Inc ... Analysts are weighing in today on online retail giant Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and internet giant Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Here s a quick roundup of today s bullish brokerage notes on AMZN and YHOO.

Amazon.com, Inc.

With Amazon preparing to release fourth-quarter earnings after the close on Thursday, RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney weighed in today with his prediction. The analyst reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Amazon, with a price target of $775.

Mahaney wrote,  Based on intra-quarter data points, channel checks, and model sensitivity work, we believe Street ests. for Q4 are reasonable, with a modestly positive upside bias. In terms of Q1:16 outlook, we view Street March quarter Rev/CSOI ests. as bracketable. 

 We expect $36B in revenue, $1.63B in CSOI, and GAAP EPS of $1.22. Our revenue est. is in-line with consensus, but above the midpoint of guidance, while our GAAP EPS est. is lower than consensus of $1.58. We would note that Amazon has not posted topline results above guidance/Street in Q4 since 2009,  the analyst continued.

According to TipRanks.com, a platform that tracks and ranks analysts on their predictions, analyst Mark Mahaney has a yearly average return of 18.4% and a 57.2% success rate. Mahaney has a 35.7% average return when recommending AMZN, and is ranked #11 out of 3593 analysts.

Out of the 45 analysts polled by TipRanks, 38 rate Amazon stock a Buy, while 7 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 16%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $694.56.

Yahoo! Inc.

In a research report released yesterday, Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser upgraded shares of Yahoo! from a Hold to a Buy rating, while slightly reducing the price target to $36 (from $37), which implies an upside of 19.5% from current levels.

In explaining his positive Buy rating Wieser noted,  Although we are raising our recommendation from Hold to Buy on a slightly lower price target and an even lower trading price, an upgrade seems appropriate at this time in part because we think that circumstances are sufficiently dire for the company that changes which should unlock value are much more likely now than was the case a few months ago. 

Furthermore,  Yahoo s situation has gone from bad to worse in recent quarters, with poor choices at both Board and senior management levels compounding bad luck. With virtually no support for either body within the investment community, activist investors are well-positioned to engineer changes in the coming months, or otherwise provoke management (or the Board) to make changes or announce significant initiatives that would help to catalyze the stock s price higher. 

Analyst Brian Wieser has a yearly average return of 12.7% and a 73% success rate, according to data compiled by TipRanks.com. Wieser has a 23.6% average return when recommending YHOO, and is ranked #144 out of 3593 analysts.

The overwhelmingly majority of analysts remain Neutral on YHOO. The average forecast is for the stock to hit $44 in the coming months. Preview the 74 New Emoji Set to Hit Your Phone This Year Last week the Unicode Consortium announced 36 new emoji candidates for its 9.0 release, which could be adopted by mobile device and computer operating system makers as early as mid-2016.

The above slideshow features the Emojipedia mockup of all 74 of the upcoming 9.0 emoji characters, some of which were announced last September. These emoji, if eventually integrated into iPhone and/or Android, will of course appear on your phone in whatever manner Apple or Google chooses to render them. But here s hoping this early preview gets you excited for some fresh emoji all the same.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.





 Time Inc. Names Marcom International SVP Of Strategy, Brakl Upped To MNI VP ... Marcom will oversee the overall strategy for Time Inc. International, including new media expansion, multi-platform product development, marketing communications and mergers and acquisitions. He will report to Steve Marcopoto, president of Time Inc. International.

Marcopoto stated that Marcom has  close ties  within the global business community and experience growing international businesses across multiple platforms. It is clear that Marcopoto is eager to grow Time Inc. International in a meaningful way.

advertisement advertisement

Marcom held a variety of roles at Time Inc. in the 1990s, including publisher of the Asian edition of Time and business development director for Asia. He most recently served as co-founder of Media BBQ. Marcom was previously president at Future US and worked at AdGent Digital as COO and Yahoo! Inc. as SVP, international operations.

Joe Ripp, Time Inc. chairman and CEO, previously stated Time Inc. has been working to expand their brands globally since it became a public company 18 months ago. Marcopoto himself was just officially hired as president this month. (For the past year, Marcopoto was serving as a consultant in the role.)

Separately, in the newly created role of vice president of marketing for MNI Targeted Media, Time Inc. s media planning and buying agency, Vicki Brakl will lead brand and marketing initiatives and will provide strategic insights to match client goals.

She stated that she aims to increase consumer engagement with  tactical solutions. 

Brakl is a 16-year multichannel marketing veteran. She previously created and executed high-impact marketing plans for PepsiCo, Bank of America, Walmart, Citibank s Women & Co. and TD Ameritrade.

Before joining MNI in 2014, Brakl was COO at MaxWorldwide. State gaming panel chair criticizes AG's fantasy sports age limit Stephen Crosby wrote that those old enough to vote and join the military should be allowed to play daily fantasy sports.

In an unusual break among state officials, the chairman of the Massachusetts Gaming Commission is opposing Attorney General Maura Healey s plan to ban people between the ages of 18 and 21 from playing daily fantasy sports.

Stephen Crosby s comments were in response to a proposed raft of regulations that Healey is preparing to impose on fantasy sports companies. The deadline for submitting comments was last Friday and his submission was recently posted online on Healey s website, along with those of other interested parties.

Advertisement

Crosby said he was making suggestions  solely as an individual  and not on behalf of the commission, although the letter was on Gaming Commission letterhead. He specifically took issue with the age ban proposed by Healey, along with suggestions for more technical changes.

Crosby noted that while Massachusetts law bans players under 21 from casinos, that largely is because alcohol is served in casinos. That same age limit simply doesn t make sense in the online-only realm of daily fantasy, he wrote, since 18-year-olds are otherwise considered adults.

Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here

 I have a hard time understanding the logic of considering people old enough to join the military, to vote, to get married and to live alone and yet consider them insufficiently responsible to play daily fantasy sports,  Crosby wrote.

The Gaming Commission has separately studied the daily fantasy sports industry. Like Healey, it concluded that Massachusetts laws don t explicitly make winning cash prizes in those games illegal. The commission has suggested state lawmakers consider additional regulations for the industry.

In a statement, a spokeswoman said Healey expects to implement the under-21 age restriction.

Advertisement

 The focus of our draft regulations has always been about protecting consumers, and in particular on ensuring that young people are not accessing these sites,  the spokeswoman said.

Yahoo Inc., which also operates fantasy sports properties, also took issue with the under-21 ban. Limiting games to players who are 21 presents difficult new verification problems for companies, wrote Yahoo, which began offering daily fantasy contests last year.

Yahoo said it restricts paid daily fantasy contests to players 18 and older. Verifying the ages of those players is relatively easy, Yahoo wrote, because it is done when the players submit their payment information.

Changing the age limit to 21 and requiring age verification of players in free games  could create additional security risks for our users,  Yahoo said, because it requires the company to collect more personal data about its players.

 As such, we look forward to discussing with your office ways to address concerns regarding access to games by underage players,  Yahoo wrote.

The industry s top daily fantasy sports operators, Boston-based DraftKings Inc. and New York-based FanDuel Inc., also oppose a 21-year-old age limit.

Eighteen-year-olds, Draft-Kings wrote in submitted comments,  have jobs, pay taxes, marry, and raise children,  and should be trusted to win money in fantasy sports contests. FanDuel noted that 18-year-olds are allowed to purchase lottery tickets.

The companies also are suggesting changes to several other more technical parts of Healey s proposal, such as a $1,000 monthly limit on player deposits and the rules for deciding if a player is a beginner or labeled as  highly experienced. 

Other commentators, however, support the age limit.

 It is well established that rates of problem gambling peak between age 18 and 21 and that those who develop gambling problems at a younger age are more likely to be problem gamblers as adults,  wrote Lia Nower, director of the Rutgers Center for Gambling Studies.

Healey s proposed rules would make Massachusetts the first state to set up a detailed regulatory regime allowing daily fantasy sports contests. The regulations are expected to be finalized in the next few weeks. 
2016-04-11
Daily Mail Says It's in Talks With Potential Yahoo Bidders The publisher of Britain s Daily Mail newspaper is interested in buying Yahoo! Inc. s media and news properties, according to a person familiar with the matter, and is in talks to join with potential bidders who would carve up the U.S. Internet company.

 Discussions are at a very early stage,  a representative for Daily Mail said Monday in an e-mailed statement.  There is no certainty that any transaction will take place. 

Daily Mail has spoken with a half dozen U.S.-based private-equity firms and a bid would only be made in conjunction with a partner, according to a person familiar with the matter. The Mail could take over Yahoo s media and news properties while its partner buys the Web business, said the person, who asked not to be named because the plans are private. Alternatively, a buyer could unite the Mail s online operation with Yahoo s media assets in a separate company. Yahoo s market value is about ten times that of the Mail.

Yahoo s media assets would augment Daily Mail s growing online presence in the U.S. by adding some of country s biggest news, weather and messaging portals. The U.S. site, DailyMail.com, has gained ground since starting in 2012 by focusing on celebrity news and younger readers. It and MailOnline.com in the U.K. are among the most-read news sites in English. While ComScore Inc. ranked Yahoo sites third among U.S. visitors in January with 205 million, Mail had 75 million unique visitors and placed 33rd.

 People need to remember that we are talking about the Daily Mail buying bits of Yahoo here, not all of Yahoo,  said Alex DeGroote, a media analyst at Peel Hunt in London.  These assets make strategic logic for Daily Mail, but the company is heavily in debt and they would have to join with some big players to get a sniff of these assets. 

The Daily Mail s parent, Daily Mail and General Trust Plc, reported net debt of 723 million pounds ($1 billion) at the end of January, largely owing to pension plan contributions.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Yahoo said it would explore strategic alternatives, including selling its main Internet operations, earlier this year after scrapping a long-time plan to spin off its valuable Asian assets. The company s stock has declined about 20 percent in the past 12 months as turnaround efforts led by Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer stalled and sales have sagged, leaving Yahoo vulnerable to activist investors.

Verizon Communications Inc. plans to make a first-round bid for Yahoo s Web business on April 18 and is willing to acquire the company s Yahoo Japan Corp. stake to help sweeten the offer, according to people familiar with the matter. Google, the main division of Alphabet Inc., is also considering bidding for Yahoo s core business, a separate person said.

The Wall Street Journal first reported news of the Daily Mail s talks with possible private-equity partners. Mail formed a marketing agency last year with Snapchat Inc. and WPP Plc, the world s largest advertising company, and bought the Elite Daily website, a news platform geared toward so-called millennials.

Daily Mail rose 0.6 percent to 700 pence at 2:32 p.m. in London, giving the company a market value of 2.5 billion pounds ($3.5 billion). Yahoo shares rose 1.2 percent to $36.53 in New York, for a market value of $34.5 billion.

DailyMail.com said in June it was partnering with daytime TV talk-show host Dr. Phil McGraw for an online video series. The venture, called DailyMail TV, will be based at the Daily Mail s New York office with anchors and studios also in London, Los Angeles and Sydney. 
2016-06-15
Yahoo's True Worth: Part 2 I value it at approximately 6-7x EBITDA, safe, I believe, for a declining to stable business that is asset light.

The Yahoo(NASDAQ:YHOO) core business at this point is extremely small. But it's only small compared to the value of the rest of Yahoo's businesses. Core Yahoo consists of essentially of its search business, and its web portals. We can then further split apart the valuation of the company even further by analyzing these separate parts.

Search: This is essentially just the partnership with Microsoft at this point. In 2010, Yahoo began letting Microsoft run its search business for it, as Bing technology was superior by far to Yahoo's existing search technology. As such, Yahoo's search is essentially a reskin of Bing's engine, but surprisingly, manages to attract a decent amount of search, at Google's(NASDAQ:GOOG) expense, no less.

This is however, mostly due to the Firefox partnership that Yahoo forged. Excluding Firefox users, the picture is a bit less flattering:

However, essentially, Yahoo is nominally stable in terms of search share. Search revenue was $820 million, down 15% from last quarter. While this may seem bad, that is only gross search revenue; GAAP search revenue was down only 9% due to different recognition of revenue.

Yahoo's web portals are also valuable properties. Yahoo.com is rank 5 on Alexa, and Yahoo still owns many other valuable properties, like yahoo mail, yahoo finance, and yahoo fantasy sports etc. Surprisingly, Yahoo draws more than a billion users a month on its various sites. Yahoo earns money from this massive amount of traffic with display ads, and earned $463 million this quarter. This is down 1% due to the price of ads dropping as more ad space comes online and ad networks putting pressure on the price of display ads. Price per Ad dropped 6%, but total ads sold rose 8%.

Taken in totality, the picture does not look good for Yahoo. However, they've both generated about $800 million in EBITDA in the trailing twelve months. 6x-7x EBITDA does not seem like a demanding valuation to put on essentially stable to slowly declining businesses that are capital light, leading to a valuation of $5 to 6 billion. I expect when the results of the auction come out, Yahoo will be sold for around this much.

Next, the tax implications of Yahoo's spinoff. Stay tuned for more!

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Bitcoin Up 169% With More To Go  "Legacy" Yahoo Messenger to Shut Down on August 5 "Legacy" Yahoo Messenger to Shut Down on August 5

Despite being 18 years old, "Legacy" Yahoo Messenger remains the firm favourite in the bunker industry.

Yahoo Inc. (Yahoo) has announced that from August 5, 2016 it will no longer support its "legacy" Yahoo Messenger (YM) platform.

Despite the emergence of several other messenger tools since it was introduced 18 years ago, Yahoo Messenger remains not only the messenger of choice, but an important business tool for the bunker industry, as well as many others in the wider energy and commodity industries.

"In December of 2015, we announced a brand new Yahoo Messenger for mobile, the Web and in Yahoo Mail on the desktop, built on a new modern platform," Yahoo's statement read.

  After August 5th, anyone still using the legacy Messenger will no longer be able to log in or send messages Engadget

"While today we provide basic interoperation between the legacy product and the new Messenger, we encourage all of our users to complete their transition to the new Yahoo Messenger as we will no longer support the legacy platform as of August 5, 2016. We intend to continue our focused efforts on the new Messenger, with a goal of delivering the best experience to our users."

Yahoo was not immediately available for further comment on the matter, so while it could not be confirmed exactly what will happen on August 5, tech news site Engadget reported that after this date the system will simply no longer work.

"After August 5th, anyone still using the legacy Messenger will no longer be able to log in or send messages. Same goes for messages sent through third-party apps built on top of Yahoo's API," Engadget wrote.

Archived conversations will also be deleted, it was reported.

New Messenger?

While switching to the "new" messenger platform is Yahoo's recommended course of action, Ship & Bunker's initial investigation indicates the transition could be problematic.

For starters, while Yahoo says it is "working on bringing you a new Yahoo Messenger desktop application for both Windows & Mac," right now there is no replacement desktop tool - only browser-based and mobile apps.

After using "new Yahoo messenger" in a browser, we were unable to stay logged in after a short period of inactivity.

When using the browser-based messenger (messenger.yahoo.com), Ship & Bunker found that the existing "legacy" login details worked, but we were unable to send messages to our contacts who were using the legacy messenger.

We were also logged out after a short period of inactivity; "To protect your account, you need to confirm your password periodically," was the explanatory message.

For the mobile apps, industry sources Ship & Bunker spoke to Tuesday had even less success, with some indicating they could not access their existing contact lists.

But there could also be bigger barriers to a bunker industry switch to the new messenger.

  that may prove to be the final straw for compliance officers already not overly enthusiastic about tens of millions of dollars of business being conducted over the platform

While the legacy system stores conversations locally, the new system is completely cloud based, meaning conversations are only stored remotely.

This means keeping a definitive record of what has been said, or has been deleted, will be much more difficult, a factor that may prove a step too far for compliance officers already not overly enthusiastic about tens of millions of dollars of business being conducted over the platform.

So what now? While there is no clear direction for the industry to take, Skype, QQ, and ICE Instant Messenger have all been touted as possible replacements for Yahoo, as well as messaging tools from Reuters and Bloomberg.

WhatsApp, rated by Statista as world's most popular messaging platform, is also a strong contender, especially given that last month it launched a desktop version of its popular cross-platform mobile messaging app.

Facebook Messenger, WeChat, and LinkedIn's chat tools are also possibilities. Did Microsoft Get A Good Deal On LinkedIn's User Base? Here Are 7 Other ... A number of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) shareholders and analysts have been critical of the lofty $26 billion price tag that Microsoft paid for LinkedIn Corp (NYSE: LNKD) this week. While the market typically analyzes these types of deals in terms of income, revenue and cash flow, one of the biggest assets that Microsoft acquired in the deal is LinkedIn s massive 433 million user base.

Number Crunching

When you crunch the numbers, Microsoft paid roughly $60.50 per LinkedIn user. How does that compare to other recent Internet buyouts?

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) paid $555.56 per Aardvark user, $240 per Jaiku user and $232.56 per Feedburner in its buyouts.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) paid $111.11 per Flickr user and a whopping $830.23 per GeoCities user.

Related Link: What Are The 5 Biggest Internet Buyouts Of All Time?

Compared to Google and Yahoo, Microsoft looks like it got a pretty good deal for LinkedIn.

However, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) is the king of thrifty user acquisition. Facebook paid only $42.00 per WhatsApp user and $28.57 per Instagram user.

Microsoft would certainly argue that LinkedIn users are much more valuable than Facebook or Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) users.

CNBC reports that the average monthly LinkedIn user brings in roughly $8 in revenue, whereas the average Facebook user brings in $3 4 and the average Twitter user brings in less than $2.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Posted-In: Aardvark CNBCCNBC M&A Tech Media Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Internet ruling could hit Verizon and AT&T's Yahoo pursuit NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court decision upholding government rules that would impose new restrictions on how internet providers collect user data could disadvantage Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and AT&T Inc's (T.N) pursuit of Yahoo Inc's digital assets and new ad revenue, analysts say.

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia on Tuesday upheld the Obama administration's landmark rules barring internet service providers from blocking or slowing down consumer access to web content. This dealt a blow to big cable and mobile phone companies, which plan to appeal the decision in the full appellate court or Supreme Court and urge Congress to intervene.

Both Verizon and AT&T are bidding for Yahoo's web assets and are primarily interested in Yahoo's advertising technology tools that leverage user data to deliver targeted ads. A part of the new rules could limit their ability to collect and use customer data to boost ad revenue.

"If things continue on the current trajectory, we re looking at a world where Verizon or AT&T s hands could be tied with respect to how they use data that is the heart of the Yahoo strategy," MoffettNathanson analyst Craig Moffett said. He noted that "someone like Google or another edge provider would be free to use the data a lot more liberally."

The restrictions on collecting user information "makes the data less valuable for Verizon or AT&T," said Recon Analytics analyst Roger Entner.

Verizon and AT&T declined to comment.

The "net neutrality" or "open internet rules" were crafted by the Federal Communications Commission last year.

Data privacy rules in the new regulations proposed by the FCC earlier this year would limit an internet provider's ability to collect user data and share it with advertisers and other third parties. The data privacy rules have yet to take effect, as the FCC is sifting through public comments before putting together a final version.

According to the data privacy rules, internet providers such as AT&T and Verizon would have to ask users to consent or "opt-in" before their data, such as which sites they visit and personal information, can be used by internet providers.

With the opt-in rule, "you could potentially get much, much lower user participation rates at Verizon and AT&T and (this)could significantly limit the value of the ad inventory to advertisers," Moffett said.

Verizon acquired AOL last June for $4.4 billion, entering the advertising-supported internet business, and launched its millennial-focused video service go90. AT&T is making a big mobile video push by later this year launching online streaming services after acquiring DIRECTV and "VRV" an on-demand video, subscription service for young viewers.

Their video and advertising ambitions pits the two against the internet giant, Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google.

Online service providers such as Netflix (NFLX.O), Facebook (FB.O) and Twitter (TWTR.N) are not regulated by the FCC, but by the Federal Trade Commission. They are subject to less-stringent data privacy limitations, giving them more flexibility in making money from user data, Moffett and Entner said.

(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; Editing by Dan Grebler) The Inside Story Of How Yahoo! Screwed Up Tumblr  Here's What Happened To All 53 of Marissa Mayer's Yahoo Acquisitions Image: Getty

Yahoo, the once-vaunted internet giant, is in shambles. Its revenue is in decline. Its shareholders are crying foul. Its prized public faces are scrambling for an exit, and the company has laid off 15 percent of its workforce. Its core business internet search and advertising is negatively valued. Looming over all of this is a prospective sale of the company s core assets, bids for which have reportedly reached more than $5 billion.

Advertisement

That potential sale is in stark contrast to the four years CEO Marissa Mayer led Yahoo through an acquisition binge, snapping up 53 companies for a total of $2.3 billion, according to a company spokesperson. (Other estimates put that number closer to $2.8 billion.)

As CEO, Mayer has had the unpleasant honor of leading a company that seemed destined to fail, but that wasn t always the case. When she took over in mid-2012, employees were so enthusiastic about her arrival that one even photoshopped her face on Obama-style  hope  posters and hung them up around the company s headquarters. Mayer did her best to live up to lofty expectations. She deployed quick fixes to solve Yahoo s morale problems, including expanding parental leave and hiring high-profile celebrities to run the company s media division.

Advertisement

But there was a riskier, more aggressive side to Mayer s strategy that s ripe for examination now that Yahoo s sale is all but certain. Part of Mayer s rescue plan was an emphasis on growing its  MaVeNS  businesses an odd acronym for mobile, video, native advertising, and social. Mayer s acquisition binge was key to this expansion: it was seen as an easy way to add talent and technology the company desperately needed. Mayer has been vocal about the strategy, and it s clear that the company believes in its success.  If broken out on their own as a company, [the MaVeNS businesses] would undoubtedly be one of the fastest growing startups in the world,  she said during a 2015 earnings call.

The reasons for Yahoo s decline are complex. But what s clear is that the MaVeNS and acquisitions rescue strategy hasn t been able to save the company from itself, despite Mayer s protestations that it was successful. It s worth looking, then, at exactly why these deals were made, and what has happened since. In an effort to track the technology and talent that came aboard, as well as track the receipts for the pricey acquisitions, we ve put together a list of the 53 companies Yahoo gobbled up under Mayer s watch.

While not every company profile is exhaustive, we ve done our best to track their whereabouts. Above all else, we wanted to understand why Mayer chose the companies she did, and what value, if any, they added to the company. After all, $2.3 billion is a lot of money especially when the spending doesn t appear to have paid off the way Mayer had hoped.



Shut downs: Companies that were gutted for talent and tech

According to Yahoo, many of the 53 companies were talent and technology acquisitions, so it should come as no surprise that most promptly shut down post-acquisition. It s difficult to estimate to what degree each company s technology was incorporated into Yahoo or its products (if at all), but we ve made note of it where we found evidence.



Advertisement

Sponsored

As far as the talent acquisition was concerned, Yahoo took what an insider close to the process called a  prescriptive  approach.

 The whole point was,  Hey, your company isn t working, therefore we re bringing you on for the talent. We re not interested in the product and service you have in market,  the insider told Gizmodo. These deals were done to bring people into areas that badly needed growth particularly mobile, which Mayer has said had roughly 50 employees working on it when she joined. The tech acquisitions, on the other hand, were made largely to improve the company s offerings and consumer products.

1. October 2012: Stamped

This social recommendation app shut down, and according to a company blog post, the team went on to work on Yahoo s mobile side. They knew Mayer from Google, a connection she would continue to mine with later acquisitions.

2. December 2012: OnTheAir



Advertisement

Like Stamped, this video chat app shut down, and its team was brought on to work on Yahoo s mobile side, according to the company.

3. January 2013: Snip.it



Advertisement

Snip.it, whose website now redirects to Yahoo s tech vertical, was described as a  Pinterest-like site for article curation.  It shut down soon after, and most of its team was reported to have joined Yahoo s ranks.

4. February 2013: Alike



Alike was an app designed for location-based recommendations. Both the web and mobile versions of the app were discontinued, and the team joined with Yahoo s mobile unit.

Advertisement

5. March 2013: Jybe



Co-founder Arnab Bhattacharjee told TechCrunch that the recommendation app s technology would be folded into Yahoo products, but the service itself shut down. The team joined Yahoo, where they had all worked before.

Advertisement

6. March 2013: Summly



The news-reading app famous for having teenager Nick D Aloisio as its founder, who shut it down post-acquisition. He worked at Yahoo until October 2015, and helped create the Yahoo News Digest app. Gizmodo also made him cry once.

Nick D Aloisio, circa 2012. (Image: Getty)

7. May 2013: Astrid



Advertisement

The productivity app alluded to a shut down in its initial blog post, but it didn t bury Astrid until August 2013. The whole team reportedly joined Yahoo s mobile division; its founder, Tim Su, still works there, according to his LinkedIn page.

8. & 9. May 2013: GoPollGo and Milewise



The teams of both companies a real-time polling service and a travel website, respectively joined the Yahoo mobile team at the same time, according to a statement provided to TechCrunch at the time. Both also shut down.

Advertisement

Advertisement

10. June 2013: Rondee



The conference calling service stopped accepting new users when it was acquired, and stopped giving users access to old data in August 2013. It also noted the team would be joining Yahoo s small business team.

11. July 2013: Qwiki



Advertisement

Yahoo let the video creation app live for a little over a year, but then shut it down in November 2014. The team, Yahoo said then,  [would] continue to innovate on new digital media experiences for Yahoo users. 

12. July 2013: Xobni



Email services company Xobni  inbox  spelled backwards shut down in July 2014. Yahoo insisted then that it had injected  many Xobni-like features into Yahoo Mail.  In 2013, the team said it was joining Yahoo in California.

Advertisement

Advertisement

13. July 2013: Ztelic



The Beijing-based social data analysis company announced its acquisition and shutdown in a (translated) homepage note. The company s founder, Hao Zheng, was a former Yahoo employee; he and eight other team members joined the company.

14. August 2013: RockMelt



Advertisement

RockMelt was a web browser built for sharing social content, then a news aggregator, but shut down after acquisition. Yahoo said it planned to use the tech, and two co-founders joined Yahoo, according to their LinkedIn profiles.

Image: RockMelt

15. August 2013: IQ Engines



According to a post on its website, IQ Engines, an image recognition startup, shut down to work with Flickr. (In retrospect, that may not have been the best move.) Both co-founders went to work for Yahoo, per their LinkedIn profiles.

Advertisement

Advertisement

16. October 2013: LookFlow



LookFlow was working on image recognition technology, which Yahoo then injected into Flickr. According to the company, LookFlow as well as IQ Engines helped develop the deep learning system for Flickr s auto-tagging feature.

17. October 2013: Bread



Advertisement

The advertising/link shortening company shut down its services in November 2013, and according to a statement by Yahoo at the time, six of its team members joined the company s ad tech team.

18. December 2013: Ptch



The DreamWorks Animation mobile video startup shut down in January 2014. Business Insider reported that Ptch was supposed to merge with Qwiki, another Yahoo purchase, but those talks fell apart, and Mayer bought them separately. Early employees who had equity reportedly didn t get much in the deal, either.

Advertisement

Advertisement

19. December 2013: EvntLive



The online concert streaming company shut down and said it would be joining Yahoo s video team. But based on their LinkedIn profiles, it appears that none of the company s co-founders actually went to work for Yahoo.

20. December 2013: Quik.io



Advertisement

The media sharing app described itself as the  FedEx of media files.  It shut down, and three of its team members joined Yahoo s video team, according to a company spokesperson.

21. December 2013: SkyPhrase



SkyPhrase focused on natural language processing technology. Its CEO, who is now Yahoo s Director of Sciences, once claimed the technology yielded more accurate results than that of Siri or Wolfram Alpha. The team joined Yahoo Labs.

Advertisement

Advertisement

22. December 2013: PeerCDN



PeerCDN promised to lower bandwidth costs with its peer-to-peer content delivery system. Yahoo confirmed the shut down, and said the team joined the video department. Two of the three co-founders no longer appear to work there.

The three PeerCDN co-founders: John Hiesey, Feross Aboukhadijeh, and Abimanyu Raja. (Image: Hassan Aboukhadijeh)

23. January 2014: Sparq



Advertisement

The mobile marketing company s services shut down after the acquisition, and according to his LinkedIn page, founder Jesse Chor went to work on Yahoo s mobile monetization team.

24. January 2014: Cloud Party



The browser-based virtual game world confirmed its services would shut down. A Yahoo spokesperson said the company was  excited to merge [Cloud Party s] unique perspective and experience  with its own.

Advertisement

Advertisement

25. January 2014: Incredible Labs



The startup s personal assistant app Donna was shut down and discontinued, according to a blog post by Incredible Labs. Much of the team itself went to work for Yahoo, according to a company representative.

26. February 2014: Distill



Advertisement

Distill aimed to make technical recruiting easier, but a Yahoo spokesperson told Business Insider that it was actually acquired for the team s previous work with TapJoy, a mobile ad platform. Distill said that its services would cease in March.

27. March 2014: Vizify



Vizify took data from a user s social media feed and turned it into a pretty visualization. The team said it would shut down its services, and a Yahoo spokesperson said they would join Yahoo s  media product organization. 

Advertisement

Advertisement

28. May 2014: Blink



The Snapchat-esque self-destructing messaging app announced news of its acquisition and shut down in a blog post. A Yahoo spokesperson said the seven-person team would join Yahoo to work on its  smart communication products. 

29. August 2014: ClarityRay



Advertisement

ClarityRay was working on ad blocking technology; according to Yahoo, when its tech and team came aboard, they began working on improving advertisement fraud detection. After the deal closed, ClarityRay s services shut down.

Image: Getty

30. August 2014: Zofari



The recommendation app isn t in the App Store or Google Play Store, and its website is dead. (Though at the time, TechCrunch reported that the product would stay afloat.) The team went to work on Yahoo s vertical search side.

Advertisement

Advertisement

31. September 2014: Luminate



Luminate was described as  AdSense for images,  and was shut down fully that October. At least one team member, co-founder James Everingham, went to work for Yahoo, according to his LinkedIn profile.

32. September 2014: Bookpad



Advertisement

Bookpad made Docspad, a Google Docs-like service that let users to collaborate on documents within an app. Docspad was discontinued that October, and a Yahoo spokesperson said the team would work on Yahoo Mail.

33. October 2014: MessageMe



The messaging app, which was also reportedly being pursued by Snapchat, announced its acquisition and shutdown on October 3rd. It said it would  focus on helping build the best mobile communications products for Yahoo users. 

Companies with multiple apps that were shut down

While most of the above companies or apps were single products, some of Mayer s acquisitions were software makers or app makers, and had more than one product. The following products were shut down or discontinued as a result of the acquisitions.



Advertisement

Advertisement

34. May 2013: Loki Studios



The mobile gaming studio s primary app Geomon, which incorporated a player s location, was shut down, according to both Yahoo and the app itself. The Loki Studios team joined Yahoo s mobile team.

35. June 2013: Ghostbird Software



Advertisement

The mobile photography app maker joined Yahoo to work on Flickr, and announced it would stop updating its apps KitCam and PhotoForge2. The apps were also removed for download from the App Store.

36. July 2013: Bignoggins Productions



Bignoggins  sole full-time employee, founder Jerry Shen, was brought in to work on Yahoo Fantasy. His two fantasy sports apps were taken down, but he said in a blog post that  the technology driving those apps will be integrated into Yahoo s own offerings.  Unfortunately, that wouldn t be the case for long: Shen was fired from Yahoo in 2015, allegedly because he opened a company email with,  Wuddup my n*****, Ice Cube here,  apparently in reference to the movie Straight Outta Compton.

37. October 2013: Hitpost



Advertisement

The team of sports mobile app maker Hitpost joined Yahoo Sports and shut down its services at the same time it announced the acquisition. It also said its team of seven would be joining Yahoo Sports in California.

38. January 2014: Tomfoolery



Advertisement

The mobile app lab s products, Anchor and Action, were discontinued. Some of its employees, including its CEO, Kakul Srivastava, were former Yahoos, and at least some of the team returned to the purple company s halls.

39. June 2014: Photoful and PhotoDrive



PhotoSocial and PhotoDrive came from Jeff Bargmann, who was targeted in what looked to be a straight talent grab. He came on to work for Flickr his apps focused on photo sharing and storage and he shut down both projects.

Advertisement

40. July 2014: RayV



Mayer reportedly acquired the online video streaming startup in part to compete with YouTube. The tech was integrated into Yahoo s video delivery network while its platform shut down. Most of its team joined Yahoo in Israel.

Advertisement

41. November 2014: Cooliris



Upon acquisition, Cooliris maker of the photo apps Cooliris for Mobile and BeamIt said its services would continue. However, while BeamIt is still available for download, it no longer appears to work for new users; Cooliris for Mobile carries a similar message. Yahoo said it was  excited  to welcome 17 employees.

Companies that continued in existing divisions

Not all of Yahoo s acquisitions were simple talent or product grabs. Some of the companies that came aboard were allowed to continue to varying degrees, whether that meant rebranding under Yahoo s name or continuing as subsidiaries. Some of them, like BrightRoll and Flurry, were what Yahoo terms strategic acquisitions marquee buys that designed to be  transformational. 

Advertisement

42. July 2013: Lexity



Lexity s path at Yahoo has been somewhat muddled. When it was acquired, the e-commerce app company said it would eventually adopt Yahoo branding. In 2015, that division rebranded and became Luminate, which in turn was part of Aabaco Small Business. That company was supposed to be spun off from Yahoo as part of the Alibaba spin off, but Yahoo reversed that decision in December. Lexity CEO Amit Kumar joined Yahoo Small Business in the original deal, but he left the company in 2014.

43. January 2014: Aviate



Advertisement

Advertisement

Yahoo turned Aviate, the smart homescreen app for Android, into Yahoo Aviate Launcher. At the time, Aviate said its tech and product would stay the same, but would  get better, faster.  Yahoo noted that Aviate s team would join its own.

44. July 2014: Flurry



Yahoo made a big if late splash with the mobile analytics company purchase. Yahoo said Flurry s products would  continue to operate and innovate.  The app and homepage now carry Yahoo s branding.

Advertisement

45. November 2014: BrightRoll



Yahoo bought the video advertising platform for $640 million in cold, hard cash, but the jury is still out on whether that was a success. BrightRoll was allowed to continue, albeit with some new Yahoo branding.

46. December 2014: Media Group One



Advertisement

Advertisement

Yahoo purchased Germany s Media Group One to improve advertising growth in Europe. According to a press release, the company was  expected to continue to operate its business as usual in the short term,  though it s since been folded in.

Still Kicking!

A couple of Mayer s acquisitions, including Tumblr, her crown jewel, are still doing their own thing.

Image: Getty

47. May 2013: Tumblr



Advertisement

Even if you re not intimately familiar with Yahoo s purchases, you likely know that Tumblr was Yahoo s prized acquisition. It spent just over a billion dollars on it less than a year after Mayer took over, and promised in the very next sentence after announcing the deal  not to screw it up.  It s still going, although some have questioned whether or not Yahoo has killed its vibe. Also, Katie Couric sucks at it.

48. July 2015: Polyvore

The CEO and team joined Yahoo, but months later, some critics weren t pleased.  It s not acceptable to pay $230 million for zombie companies run by former APM [Mayer s program at Google] members,  one hedge fund manager said in December.

Miscellaneous acquisitions

Some acquisitions don t fit into the above categories: Some didn t have products yet, while others  assets were divvied up at a later date. In other cases, we weren t able to explicitly confirm a shut down, but we ll update if that changes.

Advertisement

Advertisement

49. May 2013: PlayerScale

PlayerScale a software developer for cross-platform gaming promised users it would  continue to support the same great games that you love playing today.  But in mid-May of this year, Yahoo announced it was shutting down its Games division, of which PlayerScale was a part. According to Yahoo, the company still owns the technology code licenses; the back end services were transferred to The Games Platform Company.

50. July 2013: AdMovate



Advertisement

According to Yahoo, the company hadn t launched any products when it was acquired, but its mobile ad tech went into Yahoo s own ad tech. In a blog post, Yahoo said the firm s engineers would be working with its display ad team.

51. February 2014: Wander



Wander, which focused on content creation habits, said that its Days app would live, but both it and Wander s websites are dark, and Days is nowhere to be found. Wander said its team was going to work on Yahoo s mobile and emerging products.

Advertisement

Advertisement

52. October 2013: Tocata Mobile

There s not much information about the Tocata acquisition out there, and it appears it wasn t reported on at the time. According to Yahoo, the team went to work on real-time analytics. The mobile commerce company s website is currently up for sale, and its operations appear to have ceased.

53. July 2014: Leaf SR



Advertisement

Two of the security consulting firm s employees joined Yahoo and developed the basis of its New York security team, according to the company. Leaf SR s website is now dark, save for an announcement of the departures. 
2016-05-20
Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) Core Businesses May Be Sold For As Low As $2B, Far Below ... Last month, many were valuing Yahoo s web business at close to $8 billion. Now, according to a report by the Wall Street Journal, the auction of the troubled internet giant's core business is likely to fetch only around $2 billion to $3 billion.

The report, which cited people familiar with the matter, said the New York-based telecom company Verizon Communications is currently the front-runner in the bid to acquire Yahoo s internet assets that have, in recent years, struggled to remain profitable.

According to an earlier report by Bloomberg, Verizon, if it acquires Yahoo, is likely to combine its online business with AOL, which it bought last year in a deal valued at roughly $4.4 billion.

Photo: Reuters/Fred Prouser

Other bidders reportedly include the private equity firm TPG, and an investor group that includes Bain Capital, Vista Equity Partners and former Yahoo CEO Ross Levinsohn   many of whom are expected to bud in the low end of the $2 billion to $3 billion range. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett   the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway   is also rumored to be backing a bid by Quicken loans chairman Dan Gilbert.

The deadline for submitting the bids expires in the first week of June. If the bids are lower than expected, Yahoo may even abandon the sale, the Journal reported.

Yahoo has, in recent years, struggled to remain profitable as it competes with Google and Facebook for digital market advertising share. Last month, the company reported an 18 percent drop in its first quarter revenue, which fell below $1 billion for the first time since Marissa Mayer took over as the CEO four years ago.

At the time, Mayer said that Yahoo had made  substantial progress  toward providing strategic alternatives to its shareholders. The company is also believed to be exploring the sale of $1 billion to $3 billion of its non-core assets, including its patents and property.

On Thursday, Yahoo's shares closed down 0.6 percent in New York. Over the past 12 months, the company's stock has dropped over 17 percent, underperforming the broader index. New Earny App Raises $1.2 Million (YHOO, AMZN) Earny, a new smartphone app that will help save money on recent purchases, recently launched to the public. This fintech company founded in 2015 by Oded Vakrat, Ilan Zerbib, and Dori Yona recently announced it had raised $1.2 million in seed money. This round of funding comes from Sweet Capital Ltd., Science Inc., Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) SVP Jeff Bonforte, and Wealthfront CEO Adam Nash.

Earny works by connecting to your Amazon.com (AMZN) account and email so that it can search for online purchase receipts. It will then search the top online stores to make sure you receive the best deal possible. If a lower price is found within 90 days of your purchase, Earny will go after the refund and take 25% as their fee.

A lot of credit cards come with price protection benefits, but many consumers don t realize they have them or simply don t want to put in the work to request a refund.

Earny will take a lot of the pain out of getting a refund. The app understands the price match policy for a lot of the major retailers and then can work to request the refund. This creates a completely hands-off experience for the user. Earny doesn't collect any personal data and only uses your inbox to look for receipts says Earny's CEO Oded Vakrat.

All of the refund transactions are currently being run through MasterCard s Simplify Commerce API.

If you think this sounds a little like Citi s Price Rewind, feature that s because it does. However, Earny does much more of the work for you.

 Citi Bank tries to help their consumers use the price protection policies of their credit card through the Price Rewind program. You still have to upload your purchase and claim difference by yourself,  said Earny co-founder and CEO Oded Vakrat.  At Earny, we are not helping you use the price protection policies   we're doing it for you, without you having to lift a finger. 

While Earny currently only focuses on retail purchases, Vakrat says they would like to expand into new verticals like airfare, hotels, insurance and even your phone plans.Earlier this spring Earny entered and won MasterCards Masters of Code Hackathon. Right now, the Earny app is only available through the Apple App store, but it will be available on Android devices soon. Yahoo Might Not Be as Valuable as it Thinks it Is All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.

Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.

ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc.

Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.

S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.

Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Yahoo suitors expected to bid $2 bln-$3 bln for core business - WSJ  
2016-02-01
Yahoo Sports Launches 'The Vertical' In Partnership With Wojnarowski, State Farm by Sara Guaglione, February 1, 2016

Yahoo! Inc. announced Friday the launch of The Vertical with Woj, a digital hub for NBA news, information and storytelling run by Yahoo NBA insider Adrian Wojnarowski. Yahoo! Inc. announced Friday the launch of The Vertical with Woj, a digital hub for NBA news, information and storytelling run by Yahoo NBA insider Adrian Wojnarowski.

Part of the Yahoo Sports Web site, fans will get a look inside the NBA from the perspective of Wojnarowski, journalists, insiders and experts. The site features breaking news stories, in-depth articles and global draft analysis across desktop and mobile.

State Farm is one of the first brands to sign up as a premier sponsor of The Vertical, with custom integrated ad opportunities for brands to connect with basketball fans across screens.

State Farm will use high-impact display and pre-roll video ads, as well as branded integrations around video content on The Vertical. The State Farm campaign will also capitalize on events, such as All-Star Weekend to reach sports fans on The Vertical, and extend its campaign through pre-roll video, native video and display ads across additional Yahoo properties.

advertisement advertisement

 The Vertical offers a chance for us to continue great brand storytelling through effective advertising relevant for this audience,  stated Ed Gold, State Farm advertising director.

Joe Garza, who has been a member of the Yahoo Sports team since 2012, will direct the site s day-to-day content and coverage. Johnny Ludden, Yahoo Sports  editor-in-chief, will oversee The Vertical s content strategy and mission and work closely with Garza and Wojnarowski.

 Every day on The Vertical, we will be committed to pulling the curtain back on the NBA and delivering our audience exclusive, compelling content,    stated Wojnarowski, editor of The Vertical.

Wojnarowski is the author of The New York Times best-selling book,  The Miracle of St. Anthony."

Wojnarowski re-signed with Yahoo! last summer after Sports Illustrated made a serious run at him.

At the time, rumors were circulating that Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer made a significant long-term commitment to build an NBA-type franchise around Wojnarowski, who has been at Yahoo since 2006. He signed a four-year contract with Yahoo! and The Vertical was born.

The Vertical started making hires this fall. Chris Mannix left Sports Illustrated for The Vertical after covering the NBA for SI since 2003.

Other notable names that will contribute to The Vertical include Michael Lee, Shams Charania, Bobby Marks, a 20-year NBA front office executive, Jonathan Givony and Mike Schmitz of DraftExpress.com, Nick DePaula of NiceKicks.com, Tim Grover, longtime trainer of Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant, and former player Brian Scalabrine.

In December, Yahoo Sports launched an accompanying podcast called  The Vertical Podcast with Woj,  in partnership with DGital Media. Yahoo! Inc to cut 15 pct jobs, close several units-WSJ - Reuters  
2016-05-17
Time Inc. Responds to Yahoo Acquisition Rumors, Lays Out Growth Strategy  Apple Inc. (AAPL), Sunedison Inc (SUNEQ), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) And General ... Published By: Eunice Gettys on May 17, 2016 09:21 am EST

David Einhorn run Greenlight Capital s recently released 13F filings with the SEC show that the firm remains confident in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) despite a hard quarter and what looks to be a hard year for the iPhone company. The hedgefund also reported raised positions in SUNEDISON, Inc. (OTCMKTS: SUNEQ), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), General Motors Company (NYSE:GM), Allergan and Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) while lowering Time Warner and exiting wearable maker Garmin.

The filings that show the holdings for Einhorn s hedgefund as of March 31st of this year serve to show that not all hedgefunds are down on Apple where Greenlight has increased its position from 6,284,774 shares by 1.9 million shares to 8,213,040. Greenlight s holding of Apple were worth $895.1 million as March 31st with Warren Buffet s Berkshire Hathaway and George Soros  Soros Fund Management both taking new positions, news that might have contributed to yesterday s rally. However concerns regarding China and declining iPhone sales have lead to Carl Icahn and David Tepper s Appaloosa Management to exit the stock this quarter.

Greenlight has also added to its Yahoo position with its stake growing from 2.025 million shares to 4.408 million shares this quarter as Yahoo s board finally caved in to pressure from investors to offer a sale of its core web business. Meanwhile Greenlight has also raised its Yelp stake from 383,266 shares to 3,233,966 shares this quarter and grown its position in General Motors from 13.9 million shares to 15.3 million shares.

Sunedison in which Greenlight negotiated a seat at the board with its 6.8% stake in the company saw the hedgefund grow its stake from a mere 521 thousand shares to 21.05 million shares in the quarter ended march 31st but April regulatory filings show that the stake has been decreased from 6.8% to 2.8% and SunEdision has filed for bankruptcy protection on April 21st.

Greenlight lowered its Time Warnet stake from 6.44 million shares to 5.78 million shares and liquidated its holdings in wearable creator Garmin in the quarter. Bemax Inc. Receives New Purchase Order for $710000 DALLAS, GA--(Marketwired - May 17, 2016) - Bemax Inc. (BMXC) announced today that it has received an $710,000 purchase order for the supply of its private-label Disposable Baby Diaper from an existing client, a major distributor of the Disposable Diaper in the emerging South and East African markets.

This is the second purchase order resulting from the long-term supplier agreement filed on November 16, 2015. Bemax expects to complete shipment of this order in Q3 2016, which builds upon the $260,000 Disposable Baby Diapers Bemax sold to Bethel Marketing in Q1 2016.

"We have generated positive momentum with the introduction of our private-label Mother's Touch and Mother's Choice," said Taiwo Aimasiko, president and chief executive officer. "Last quarter we had a strong response with an increased revenue. We believe the excitement among our distributors and consumers for both new products bodes well for our growth prospects in 2016 and beyond."

"The size of this purchase order clearly reaffirms the anticipated growth in demand for our private-labels that we expect to see going forward," stated Taiwo Aimasiko, Bemax's CEO.

About Bemax Inc.

Bemax Inc. exports Disposable Baby Diapers from U.S. and Canada and distributes in London, South Africa and other emerging markets. We also export from manufacturers from Asia and distribute to other growing markets. Bemax focuses on an extensive and far-reaching global network among wholesalers, large discounting retailers and supermarkets as well as entry into the ecommerce arena to reach households directly through subscription orders. We focus to supply our clients with disposable baby diapers from manufacturers in North America where quality is superior. Please visit the company website at www.bemaxinc.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements that can be identified by terminology such as "believes," "expects," "potential," "plans," "suggests," "may," "should," "could," "intends," or similar expressions. Many forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results or implied by such statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to continue to enhance our products and systems to address industry changes, our ability to expand our customer base and retain existing customers, our ability to effectively compete in our market segment, the lack of public information on our company, our ability to raise sufficient capital to fund our business, operations, our ability to continue as a going concern, and a limited public market for our common stock, among other risks. Many factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond the company's control. Forward-looking statements speak only as to the date they are made and we do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. 
2016-02-26
Delaware's Court of Chancery Clarifies Scope of Inspection Under Books and ... USA February 22 2016

In Amalgamated Bank v. Yahoo!, Inc., C.A. No. 10774-VCL (Del. Ch. Feb. 2, 2016), Plaintiff Amalgamated Bank s Section 220 books and records demand sought, among other things, the emails of certain Yahoo officers and directors. Yahoo objected to the request as overly broad, but the Court found differently. Continuing the trend from Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Ind. Elec. Workers Pension Trust Fund IBEW, 95 A.3d 1264, 1271 (Del. 2014), which first permitted access beyond board materials, the Court ordered inspection of certain Yahoo director and officer documents and communications. In addition, the Court found that the directors  and officers  personal email accounts were subject to inspection if they were used to conduct business. This development signals to corporate officers and directors  that personal emails may be discoverable in a 220 Action if the emails are essential to fulfilling a plaintiff s proper purpose.

Although Yahoo had produced certain  Board-Level Materials,  that were  indisputably subject to inspection,  Yahoo challenged Amalgamated Bank s request for: (1) CEO Marissa Mayer s files, including emails; and (2) documents and emails reflecting the discussions and decision of the board or one of its committees, including memos and notes about Amalgamated Bank s February 24, 2014 demand, emails between the directors, and documents and communications reflecting the board s deliberations.

The Court determined that Mayer s documents were necessary for Amalgamated Bank s proper purpose, namely the investigation into potential wrongdoing or mismanagement in connection with the hiring of Yahoo's COO in 2012 and his subsequent firing only fourteen months later. In addition, the Court rejected Yahoo s argument that electronically stored information was outside the scope of Section 220. Most notably, the Court found that Mayer would have to produce responsive documents from her personal email account if she used her personal email account to conduct business, holding that a  corporate record retains its character regardless of the medium used to create it. 

Thus it is not the source of the document (e.g., a personal email account) that should govern whether that document is rightfully subject to inspection under Section 220. The proper inquiry is whether certain documents are essential and sufficient to satisfy a stockholder plaintiff s proper purpose. In this action, the Court answered that question in the affirmative. Similarly, the Court ordered a limited inspection of additional board documents, including the emails of four members of the compensation committee that related to the hiring and firing of the deputy.

Section 220 inspection rights are certainly more limited than the right to discovery in plenary actions, but Delaware courts will not stop short of ordering inspection of ESI or personal email communications if they contain documents necessary to a plaintiff s proper purpose. Having permitted the inspection of personal email in a 220 Action, the Court is likely to allow the same in plenary actions where it deems such discovery is warranted. Verizon And AT&T: Big Dividends, New Risks And Yahoo  Yahoo just made deep learning easier with CaffeOnSpark Yahoo! Inc., is getting into the artificial intelligence (AI) game with the release of new internally-built software under an open-source license. Called CaffeOnSpark, the software is able to perform  deep learning  on the vast ocean of data kept in Yahoo s Hadoop file system. Now, the company has made it available on GitHub for everyone to use.

Deep learning is a machine learning method that s particularly useful in helping computers come to sort through and recognize user-generated data, and one of its most exciting use cases is where images are concerned. As such, Yahoo built CaffeOnSpark to help identify the billions of images posted onto its Flickr photo sharing website.

Yahoo explained that the idea behind CaffeOnSpark was to make the search function on Flickr more useful, so that it could pick out suitable images based on more than just the descriptions and tags users write when uploading their pics. CaffeOnSpark is able to learn and recognize the specific common characteristics of certain kinds of objects, animals and landscapes, for example.

Perhaps the most surprising thing is that Yahoo came up with this technology all by itself. Yahoo isn t exactly considered to be at the cutting edge of tech anymore, but the release of CaffeOnSpark suggests it s not so far behind bigger names like Google and Microsoft in the AI stakes at least. Yahoo s move comes just a few months after Google outsourced its TensorFlow machine learning framework, a move that was quickly followed by Microsoft, which open-sourced its own CNTK machine learning framework just a few weeks later. Other companies, including Facebook and China s Baidu, have also open-sourced their own machine learning technologies in recent weeks.

Yahoo s take on machine learning is interesting though. One of the main disadvantages of deep learning is you need to move around massive amounts of data. For example, if you want to teach a search engine how to recognize dogs in photographs, you need to feed it a huge number of canine images so it knows what to look for. This usually involves transferring all of those images to new servers, which is costly and time consuming.

However, Yahoo did things differently. As the name suggests, CaffeOnSpark is a combination of two technologies   the Caffe framework, and the Apache Spark data processing engine, which sits atop of Hadoop. In other words, Yahoo has created a way to perform deep learning on existing databases without any need to move that data around.

It seems unlikely that Yahoo is going to emerge as a leader in the field of machine learning, but its innovation will certainly benefit those who are at the forefront of this exciting new technology.

Photo Credit: aftab. via Compfight cc 
2016-03-11
Your favorite classic Nintendo games, rendered in 3D Not sure how vivid your memory is, but I certainly remember Mega Man looking a lot more   two-dimensional.

Of course, he was. And so were Mario, Kid Icarus, and all the other classic NES characters.

They re popping off the screen now thanks to a new Nintendo PC emulator called 3DNES. The project, through some programmer wizardry, adds a third dimension to playable computer ROM versions of classic Nintendo games.

(This isn t the first time someone has tried to 3D-ify old Nintendo games, but it is probably the most impressive go at it that I ve seen.)

I won t bog you down with the tech details behind how 3DNES works. Just understand that it s pretty ingenious, though still a buggy work in progress that lives in demo form on a Web page. Thus, I ve decided to dig in to 3DNES for you and GIF-ify 3D d versions of a handful of the greatest NES games.

Contra

Tetris

Mega Man 2

Metroid

Ninja Gaiden

Excitebike

Duck Hunt

Mike Tyson s Punch-Out!!

Read More Have fun with these GChat Easter eggs Google s GChat has grown in a lot of ways these past years. (It s now called Hangouts, for one.) Among its newish features are these Easter egg reaction animations that you can call up in conversations. For example:

If you type and send things like  LMAO!!,   WOOT!!,  or  Bahahahahahahahaha,  an emoji-like character will pop up from the bottom of your chat window and laugh, dance, etc.

Or, to change the scenery in a chat, enter  /bikeshed  as a message and your background will change to a random color.

Here s a long list of Hangouts Easter egg phrases for you to try:

Bahahahahahahahaha



LMAO!!



ROFL!!



Woohoo!!



Woot!!



Happy birthday



Happy New Year



/ponies



/pitchforks



/ponystreams



/bikeshed



/shydino



Enjoy!

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter @danielwbean. And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook!

 
2016-03-08
Yahoo Is A Buy As It Progresses Toward Becoming A Holding Company After a long period of uncertainty, Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) future is becoming clearer as the company progresses in its efforts to offload unprofitable or non-core activities toward a lean enterprise structure. In the last year, since Yahoo attempted to spin off its Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) stake into a newly, publicly listed company, a nontrivial question occupied the minds of the company's stakeholders and investors - what is Yahoo's core business? At first glance, this question has a very simple answer: Yahoo's core business is its internet services business. However, when asking different stakeholders in Yahoo, one sees that the answer is not very decisive.

For years, Yahoo has been trying to turn the company around by investing further in its content and advertising businesses in a belief that strengthening the company's traditional core will improve its financial status and drive future growth. To execute its turnaround plan, Yahoo acquired a number of companies, restructured its content channels, introduced new initiatives and cancelled other initiatives. However, as shown in the chart below, Yahoo's revenues in the last five years grew by only 0.5% each quarter, which is an extremely low pace for a company striving to lead the internet sector.

While Yahoo's management tried to turn the company around through strengthening its internet services business, the company's stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan (OTCPK:YAHOY) attracted most of the interest from investors. In a widespread sum-of-parts analysis, the total value of Yahoo's holdings and cash exceeds the current value of the company, which means that, according to this analysis, Yahoo's internet business is a huge burden on the company that destroys the company's value. Combining the disappointing revenue growth and the core business burden can explain why investors like Starboard Value find that Yahoo will spin off its internet business and remain in a narrow and lean holding firm structure.

After Yahoo's plans to split the Alibaba stake in a tax-free spin-off had been cooled down by the IRS, the company pursued a different path and adopted investors' points of view to dismantle Yahoo as we know it. The first stage of breaking down Yahoo takes place these days when the number of companies participate in a bidding war over Yahoo's core business. Media companies such as Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), Verizon (NYSE:V), and AT&T (NYSE:T) as well as PE firms such as Bain Capital, TPG and KKR are all interested in acquiring Yahoo's Internet business, and each interested entity has its reasons. This move to offload a company's core business might seem weird at first. However, with no other option to revive the company under the current management and business model, it requires a fundamental change. Offloading the core business and injecting a significant amount of cash into the company fits investors' preferences, and it's the first step toward becoming a holding company.

Last week, Yahoo's CFO, Ken Goldman, told the crowd at Morgan Stanley's Technology, Media and Telecom Conference that Yahoo is looking to sell between $1B and $3B in patents, property and other non-core assets. This is a continuation of the patent selling process Yahoo started three years ago, which has already yielded more than $600M for the company. Offloading additional assets before the core business sale is finalized could maximize shareholders' value from the company's assets and bring it one step closer toward the end goal of a narrow and lean holding company. While Yahoo's sum-of-parts valuation reflects a share price between $38 and $44, well above the current price, Yahoo's current efforts to sell more non-core assets in the core business sale help the company to start closing the gap between the market and valuation prices.

Yahoo is currently trading solely based on the fundamental change the company is going through. When the company and investors are committed to monetizing on the company's assets for the benefit of its shareholders, this is a strong indication to buy the stock. As I mentioned above, Yahoo is currently trading well below its sum-of-parts valuation which reflects a deep discount due to the high execution risk investors apply to Yahoo's chances to complete the core business transaction. The high spin-off execution risk is well established based on the company's previous experience with the Aabaco spin-off and amount of time it took Yahoo to execute other strategic moves in the past. However, these days activist hedge fund Starboard Value is negotiating with the company on how many seats the fund will receive on Yahoo's board. As Starboard is one of the most vocal supporters of the core business sale, having a number of seats on the company's board reduces the execution risk of the spin-off tremendously. With Starboard on its board, strong management commitment, and full shareholder support, there is almost nothing that could prevent Yahoo from completing this strategic shift in its business. Lexus Revs Up Basketball Fans with New Campaign on Yahoo Sports and Launches ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced today that Lexus is a presenting sponsor of Yahoo Sports' Tourney Pick'em and will also launch  GS F The Bracket,  a custom Lexus branded game around the 2016 Men s College Basketball Tournament. In addition to Lexus connecting with fans through display, native and video advertising,  GS F The Bracket  asks fans to pick which games will reach a combined 60 points the fastest for an opportunity to win a GS F-inspired luxury vacation.

 Working with Yahoo, we have the opportunity to engage millions of college basketball fans and highlight the Lexus GS F,  said Brian Bolain, Lexus general manager of consumer and product marketing.  A car that goes 0-60 in 4.5 seconds deserves the spotlight while we give fans a fun and fast way to get into the games this month. 

Every year, Yahoo Sports is the ultimate destination for millions of sports fans during the Men s College Basketball Tournament. As a sponsor of Yahoo Sports  Tourney Pick'em, Lexus s digital campaign includes display ads driving to  GS F The Bracket  game, pre-roll video ads and branded integrations, and native ad placements targeted to the GS F audience. As part of this, Lexus will be integrated within the  Tourney Bracket Live  show on Yahoo Sports.

 We re helping brands like Lexus connect with the millions of fans that visit Yahoo Sports every year to create brackets tied to one of their favorite basketball events,  said Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Revenue Officer, Yahoo.  Sports fans are incredibly passionate on Yahoo and we re committed to bringing them new experiences that make their favorite games even better. 

To sign up for  GS F The Bracket,  fans can visit GSFtheBracket.com beginning March 13. Each round, players can select which matchup will reach a combined 60 points the fastest. Fans are encouraged to make their picks for each round but can join the game at any point before April 4, 2016.

 The phenomenon of college basketball fans and their brackets create an unparalleled level of engagement each March,  said Chris Graves, Chief Creative Officer, Team One, agency of record for Lexus.  With  GS F The Bracket,  there s a logical connection between the speed of offense that sports fans find with college hoops and a high-performance car like the Lexus GS F. 

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

About Lexus

Lexus launched in 1989 with two luxury sedans and a commitment to pursue perfection. Since that time, Lexus has expanded its line-up to meet the needs of global luxury customers. Lexus is now going beyond its reputation for high quality vehicles with the integration of innovative technology, emotional exterior and interior designs, and engaging driving dynamics and performance. With six models incorporating Lexus Hybrid Drive, Lexus is the luxury hybrid leader. Lexus also offers seven F SPORT models and two F performance models. In the United States, Lexus vehicles are sold through 236 dealers who are committed to exemplary customer service. Why aren't activist investors putting more women in board posts? Carl Icahn has nominated 42 people to fill 94 board seats at public companies ranging from EBay to Herbalife in the past five years. Not a single one was a woman.

Other activist investors, including Dan Loeb and his Third Point Partners fund and Jeffrey Ubben of ValueAct Capital Management, haven't done much better. Since the beginning of 2011, five of the biggest U.S. activist funds have sought at least 174 board positions and landed 108, yet nominated women just seven times, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The women candidates got five seats, or 5 percent of the total.

At Standard & Poor's 500 Index companies over the same period, about 26 percent of director openings, or 446 seats, were filled by women, according to executive recruiter Spencer Stuart Inc. Women now comprise 19 percent of directors at S&P 500 companies.

Activists increasingly are putting loyalists in boardrooms to agitate behind closed doors for asset sales, cost cuts, buybacks and other ways to improve financial results. One topic they're not bringing to the table is diversity, even though more boards than ever want a mix of women and men as well races and nationalities.

"That's where the world is going, it's about more input, not less," Beth Comstock, a vice chair of General Electric and a director at Nike, said in an interview. "You want more diverse perspectives to advise you, to help represent the shareholders."

Icahn doesn't agree with the notion that he hasn't supported women on boards.

"There's a much bigger picture to consider than only the candidates nominated to seats recently," he said. "We've worked with many, many boards over the years and in a lot of cases supported women on them. In some cases, we fought hard to keep them because they were so capable."

Elissa Doyle, a spokeswoman for Loeb's Third Point, which didn't nominate a woman for any of 12 directorships it sought, said the firm played a role in bringing Marissa Mayer to Yahoo Inc. as chief executive officer in 2012.

"Our slate at Yahoo quickly recruited and hired Marissa Mayer, who was the youngest woman ever named CEO of a major technology company," Doyle wrote in an email. "As engaged investors, we are always on the lookout for qualified candidates   regardless of gender   to advocate for shareholders' rights in either director or executive roles."

Spokesmen for the other funds, which also include Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management and Paul Singer's Elliott Management Corp., declined to comment.

Directors representing activists have sought and in some cases won significant changes at companies, including the replacement of top executives. Icahn persuaded Cheniere Energy Inc.'s board in December to oust founder and Chief Executive Officer Charif Souki after a disagreement about the company's strategy.

"Activists care about one thing -- finding undervalued companies and then putting in people they think can create the best value for them and other shareholders," said Ken Squire, who runs the 13D Activist Fund, which invests in selected U.S.-listed target companies, and website 13D Monitor. "Whether it's women or men, they aren't nominating slouches."

Still, they've had a tough time boosting results. Since the 13D Activist Fund started in December 2011, it has underperformed the S&P 500 Index. The fund lost 11 percent in 2015 compared with a gain of 1.4 percent for the index, including dividends. This year it is down 1.2 percent compared with a 1.6 percent decline for the benchmark.

Douglas Chia, executive director of the Conference Board's Governance Center, a research arm of the business group, said companies targeted by activists would benefit from having more women directors.

"If you believe that diversity on boards is critical for long-term sustainable growth, then you have to wonder whether activists care about this   or simply want to get the company's stock price up quickly," Chia said. "It's a serious issue at a time when most executives and directors believe you need boardroom diversity to avoid getting stuck in blind spots."

To be sure, activists usually seek board nominees with particular business experience, said Eleazer Klein, co-chair of Schulte Roth & Zabel's shareholder-activism practice.

"They need candidates with long histories aligned with the campaigns they're mounting, and that may be why they're trailing companies" in putting women on boards, he said.

Carla Harris, vice chairman of global wealth management at Morgan Stanley, said more women will make their way to boardrooms as younger generations rise in the workplace.

"The more data that comes out that talks about the outperformance of diverse boards, the more you'll see change," she said Tuesday on Bloomberg Television. "There are more women, especially among the millennials and the Xers, who are getting opportunities earlier to lead."

The five firms surveyed are among the biggest activist funds in the U.S. They each manage at least $18 billion of assets, including significant investments in companies in which they're seeking to prod management. The numbers of candidates are based on publicly disclosed nominations, appointments and agreements. They include people who got board seats as the result of an agreement without a formal nomination process.

Pershing Square recommended three women, who comprised 13 percent of the 23 directorships it sought, the highest percentage of the funds surveyed. The company won 17 board seats. One woman, Rebecca MacDonald, founder of natural gas and electricity retailer Just Energy Group, joined the board of Canadian Pacific Railway. Two others, Betsy Atkins and Cathleen Black, didn't win seats on the board of Allergan.

Icahn Associates Holding, which nominated the most directors over the past five years, won 45 of the 94 board positions sought. Among the 42 people he put forward as candidates, not one was a woman.

ValueAct had one woman, Wendy Lane, a former managing director of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, among its 15 nominees. She was appointed to MSCI Inc.'s board last year.

Elliott Management got 20 of its 30 nominees elected to board seats. Three of the successful candidates were women. 
2016-09-28
Does Yahoo Inc Stock (YHOO) Have Any More Upside Left? Yahoo shares have been sliding since the company uncovered a massive data breach.

Verizon, which had agreed to purchase Yahoo's core, is likely to use this revelation to renegotiate the price lower.

After gaining nearly 30% YTD, do Yahoo shares have any upside left?.

Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares have enjoyed a welcome reprieve this year, at one point climbing as much as 35% YTD on the back of the sale of the company's core Internet business to Verizon (NYSE:VZ). But the shares have lately been sliding, losing 6% over the past one week in the aftermath of the company disclosing a massive data breach. Yahoo has confirmed that 500M user accounts were compromised in a Russian-tied hacking incident that took place in 2014. The company says that certain copies of user account information were stolen from its network by what it suspects to be a state-sponsored actor.



Source: Yahoo Stock Price by amigobulls.com

And now Verizon is understandably not happy with the new development. Verizon had earlier agreed to purchase Yahoo's core for $4.8B, but Yahoo failed to inform it about the attack in time. Verizon CEO Tim Armstrong has already appeared on CNBC where he avoided answering directly to the question of how this would impact on the proposed buyout. Armstrong though hinted that Verizon might seek to renegotiate the deal by saying that the important thing is whether Yahoo was aware of the attack by the time of the negotiations. Investors should therefore not be surprised if Verizon wants to come back to the negotiating table.

Despite the unfortunate incident, Yahoo shares are still up 27.2% YTD.

Any upside for YHOO stock?

The sale of Yahoo's core Internet business is quite a complicated process. Yahoo will first have to transfer any assets that are related to the core business to a singular subsidiary. This is what will be sold to Verizon. Other Yahoo assets including the company's patents as well as stakes in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) will be consolidated into a single company which will be renamed.

Yahoo shareholders will not receive any cash at first unless Yahoo decides to use the proceeds of the sale to pay a dividend (after taxes). Since this is simply an asset sale and not a normal merger, existing Yahoo shareholders will not have appraisal rights and will therefore not be able to do anything about the price offer by Verizon. Existing shareholders will be left holding shares of the renamed company. This new company will become an investment company. The investment company will only hold securities for investment but not operate any business. So any value that will be left in Yahoo after the sale will be closely tied to whether the company can monetize the rest of its assets and return the cash to shareholders.

But monetizing those assets will not be a walk in the park. Alibaba recently turned down the offer to buy back the 15% stake that Yahoo owns in the company due to the possibility of facing a huge tax bill. Alibaba executive vice chairman Joseph Tsai said:

"If there was an easy tax solution someone would have figured it out already,"

Investors though remain optimistic that Alibaba will rethink its position and agree to buy the shares sooner rather than later. Alibaba has an enterprise value of $272.37B, implying that Yahoo's stake in the company would come to about $40.84B while the company's 35.5% stake in Yahoo Japan is worth about $8.1B. It's very likely that Alibaba would only agree to buy back the Yahoo stake at a discounted price, say 10%, due to the tax hit. The same case goes for Yahoo Japan. Assuming the sale of the core business will be fully taxed and that Yahoo will receive $1.5B for its patents, then Yahoo could be worth as much as $56/share or 31% upside from the current price.

Monetizing Yahoo's remaining assets will take time

It's not very likely that Yahoo shares will reflect this valuation any time soon due to the ongoing uncertainty whether Alibaba will buy back the Yahoo stake. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service has refused to provide any assurances that the transactions would be tax-free, so a company like Alibaba might end up negotiating a huge 20%+ discount for the Yahoo stake.

The bright part though is that Alibaba, which currently represents more than 70% of the value of Yahoo, has been on a tear, climbing 26.5% since the Verizon deal was announced about two months ago. BABA stock has tucked on gains of 32% YTD. Much of those gains have been driven by stellar results for the June quarter. The company reported revenue of $4.84B and EPS of $0.74, handily beating Wall Street estimates of $4.6B and $0.61. Meanwhile, Alibaba officially became a mobile-driven eCommerce player after mobile revenues more than doubled to $2.64B, or 54.4% of revenue.

Also Read: Alibaba (BABA) Stock Has A 26% Upside Potential Right Now

Judging by Alibaba's strong momentum, it makes sense to continue holding Yahoo shares despite the looming risk that Verizon might renegotiate the sale price downwards. It might take another two years for the rest of Yahoo's assets to be sold and the company's value to be fully unlocked. Massive Yahoo Data Breach Revealed, Class Actions Pop Up Next Day Advertisement Home Page >> News Articles >> Massive Yahoo Data Breach Revealed, Clas..



Massive Yahoo Data Breach Revealed, Class Actions Pop Up Next Day Los Angeles, CA With so many data breaches occurring in the last several years, and given the vulnerability of heretofore impenetrable platforms such as hospitals and even the federal government, experts advocate that given the increasing sophistication of hackers it s only a matter of time before the next one. That leaves most Americans waiting for the other shoe, and the next With so many data breaches occurring in the last several years, and given the vulnerability of heretofore impenetrable platforms such as hospitals and even the federal government, experts advocate that given the increasing sophistication of hackers it s only a matter of time before the next one. That leaves most Americans waiting for the other shoe, and the next data breach lawsuit , to drop.







There is little doubt that data breach lawsuits and class actions will be flowing from this revelation.



In fact, within a single day of the news of the Yahoo data breach, no fewer than three proposed class action data breach lawsuits were filed in federal courts in California and Illinois.



It was on September 22 that the news arrived with a thud: a data breach that occurred in late 2014 included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords and, in some cases, encrypted and unencrypted security questions and answers.



 The type of information compromised in this data breach is highly valuable to perpetrators of identity theft,  said attorneys close to the class actions.  Plaintiffs and class members are at risk for identity theft in its myriad forms, potentially for the remainder of their lives.



 Yahoo s failure to safeguard its users  very personal, sensitive information, in direct violation of its promises, is utterly unacceptable in this day and age. The fact that a breach of this magnitude went undetected at a tech giant like Yahoo for two years is astounding. 



The named plaintiffs in the three class actions filed September 23 are identified as Jennifer Myers and Ronald Schwartz, who filed their respective lawsuits in California (Myers in the Southern District, and Schwartz in the Northern District), and Christopher Havron, who filed in the Southern District of Illinois.



Given the massive cohort of Yahoo accounts   at least 500 million   it is reasonable to assume that data breach lawsuits will continue to flow, with the potential for compensation and awards for Yahoo class members combining to a massive financial hit for Yahoo at a time when part of the Yahoo structure could be changing.



This past July, communications giant Verizon announced its intent to purchase the core business assets of Yahoo for $4.83 billion.



READ MORE DATA BREACH LEGAL NEWS Data Breach Class-Action Lawsuit Sprouts in California

Wendy s Data Breach Bigger Than Thought

Data Breach Complaints on the Rise



The class action data breach lawsuits filed September 23 are Jennifer J. Myers et al. v. Yahoo Inc., Case No. 3:16-cv-02391, in the US District Court for the Southern District of California; Ronald Schwartz et al. v. Yahoo Inc., Case No. 5:16-cv-05456, in the US District Court for the Northern District of California; and Christopher Havron et al. v. Yahoo Inc., Case No. 3:16-cv-01075, in the US District Court for the Southern District of Illinois. That shoe dropped last week when Yahoo revealed a minimum of 500 million user accounts had been compromised. That s bad enough. What s worse, note pundits and consumer advocates, is the revelation the breach happened in 2014   and we re just finding out about it now.There is little doubt that data breach lawsuits and class actions will be flowing from this revelation.In fact, within a single day of the news of the Yahoo data breach, no fewer than three proposed class action data breach lawsuits were filed in federal courts in California and Illinois.It was on September 22 that the news arrived with a thud: a data breach that occurred in late 2014 included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords and, in some cases, encrypted and unencrypted security questions and answers. The type of information compromised in this data breach is highly valuable to perpetrators of identity theft,  said attorneys close to the class actions.  Plaintiffs and class members are at risk for identity theft in its myriad forms, potentially for the remainder of their lives. Yahoo s failure to safeguard its users  very personal, sensitive information, in direct violation of its promises, is utterly unacceptable in this day and age. The fact that a breach of this magnitude went undetected at a tech giant like Yahoo for two years is astounding. The named plaintiffs in the three class actions filed September 23 are identified as Jennifer Myers and Ronald Schwartz, who filed their respective lawsuits in California (Myers in the Southern District, and Schwartz in the Northern District), and Christopher Havron, who filed in the Southern District of Illinois.Given the massive cohort of Yahoo accounts   at least 500 million   it is reasonable to assume that data breach lawsuits will continue to flow, with the potential for compensation and awards for Yahoo class members combining to a massive financial hit for Yahoo at a time when part of the Yahoo structure could be changing.This past July, communications giant Verizon announced its intent to purchase the core business assets of Yahoo for $4.83 billion.Acquisition experts note that studying an acquisition target s cybersecurity strengths, weaknesses, risks and exposures is a normal part of the ramping up to an acquisition. While it has not been suggested that the aforementioned data breach may have been revealed as a result of those investigations, pundits agree that Verizon would be viewing the planned Yahoo acquisition with a new set of eyes, given the potential for additional expenses, and an expectation for legal activity that could affect Verizon down the road, in addition to Yahoo.The class action data breach lawsuits filed September 23 are Jennifer J. Myers et al. v. Yahoo Inc., Case No. 3:16-cv-02391, in the US District Court for the Southern District of California; Ronald Schwartz et al. v. Yahoo Inc., Case No. 5:16-cv-05456, in the US District Court for the Northern District of California; and Christopher Havron et al. v. Yahoo Inc., Case No. 3:16-cv-01075, in the US District Court for the Southern District of Illinois. READ ABOUT DATA BREACH LAWSUITS MORE DATA BREACH LEGAL NEWS ARTICLES or

Data Breach Legal Help If you or a loved one have suffered losses in this case, please click the link below and your complaint will be sent to an internet/technology lawyer who may evaluate your Data Breach claim at no cost or obligation.

READER COMMENTS Posted by

Diane Rechner

on December 20, 2016 Yahoo notified me that I was breached. I want to file the proof of claim forms in all Yahoo Data Breach Class Action Lawsuits. I have been receiving a lot of unwanted with spam mail and phone calls from scammers have increased. Posted by

Karen Valdez

on October 11, 2016 My PC Mac was hacked and I lost all my info for my music company. Don't have a list of everything I lost but I lost my income for 6 mo. till I finally went with a new computer and new email address. Posted by

Katherine Cassell

on October 11, 2016 I have been getting a lot of very nasty unwanted not asked for emails every day. I sent in several notices to yahoo asking for help with not one reply.. these emails are embarrassing and unwanted..IDK what to do. Iv tried emailing some of those people saying I'm not interested and that I'm not gay..but emails continue. Posted by

Gerald Holes

on October 11, 2016 I have been getting huge amounts of emails from myself to myself. I.E someone is using my name to spam me and my contacts. Posted by

Sylvia Culver

on October 10, 2016 A lot of obvious "junk e-mails" are ending up in my Inbox and some are triplicated and even put into Spam those keep being repeats for days at the time. Posted by

Deborah Harrison

on October 10, 2016 Had a computer 2 yrs old, went out from be hacked. Lost a lot of info, I wanted and needed. Went to check my Experian account, asked me about credit cards I applied for and car loans. Not me at all, trying to buy a home. Haven't applied for any of these and can't even see my credit report online. Posted by

Richard Green

on October 10, 2016 My Spam folder as well as unwanted phone calls have been increasing and its of no fault of my own. I have even gotten a few credit denials that I haven even applied for. Posted by

Stephen Lewis

on October 10, 2016 I am looking for the Firm handling this Class Action Suit, I was hacked constantly during this period and lost 4 computers and endless DATA and SLEEP. IT WAS LIKE BEING RAPED ! Posted by

Joe marshall

on October 10, 2016 Got alot of spam phone calls and junk email linked to my hotmail..when i didnt want it !!! Posted by

Patricia Stulov

on October 9, 2016 as a consumer of Yahoo! Please include me in this lawsuit if my personal information has been breached as well.. Posted by

Rocko

on October 4, 2016 Looking for an internet/technology lawyer to sue yahoo / flickr , who are refraining to reactivate my account, when I was not active in yahoo mail but was active in flickr.

ADD YOUR COMMENT ON THIS STORY * are mandatory. Please read our Fields markedare mandatory. Please read our comment guidelines before posting.



Are you the defendant or a subject matter expert on this topic with an opposing viewpoint? We'd love to hear your comments here as well, or if you'd like to contact us for an interview please submit your details here.



Click to learn more about LawyersandSettlements.com

LawyersandSettlements.com is an online news and information site for the general public and legal community. As a LawyersandSettlements.com is an online news and information site for the general public and legal community. As a legal news resource, we have emerged as an independent & trusted voice. We provide detailed and quality information on various lawsuits filed including Internet/Technology Cases , and Financial Cases A self-made billionaire describes what it feels like when you suddenly get rich There's one thing a billion dollars won't change: Todd Wagner Wednesday, 28 Sep 2016 | 8:50 AM ET | 01:29

There's no question that becoming a billionaire changes your life.

"You've won the lottery," said billionaire Todd Wagner. "There's no other way to really describe it. You can walk in a store and instead of saying, 'How much is that suit?' you can buy all the suits."

Wagner co-founded internet start-up Broadcast.com with Mark Cuban and sold it to Yahoo for $5.7 billion in 1999.

"The first year, of course, you're happy every day," he said.

Wagner, who grew up in the blue-collar town of Gary, Indiana, worked at a law firm before becoming an internet entrepreneur. When they were first building the business, he said, he had a negative net worth. SoundHound Inc. Launches New Houndify Voice Platform Partnerships With Uber ... SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

SoundHound Inc., the leading innovator in sound recognition and voice search technologies, today announced new partnerships for Houndify, its voice-enabling developer platform, furthering the company s mission to  Houndify everything.  Data from Uber and Yelp will now be accessible by developers using the Houndify platform, to provide users with the information and actions they want.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160928005479/en/

Houndify launched in December, after a decade of research and development, and enables developers to revolutionize their products and services by adding voice-enabled conversational intelligence to any app or product. Houndify is already featured in SoundHound Inc. s mobile apps, Hound and SoundHound, making them hands-free and voice interface enabled. In addition, more than 15,000 partners have registered to use the Houndify platform for their products, including NVIDIA, Samsung and more. Houndify provides software development kits (SDKs) across all major operating systems and platforms, including iOS, Android, Windows, Unix, and Raspberry Pi, giving unparalleled speed-to-market and the ability to scale, and includes an ever-expanding set of domains, which are programs that provide users with relevant information or actions related to their queries.

 We re thrilled to include partners like Uber and Yelp in our Houndify platform, which gives developers unprecedented abilities to add a natural, conversational voice interface to anything,  said Keyvan Mohajer, co-founder/CEO of SoundHound Inc.  Now Houndify developers have the tools to create experiences that enable voice interfaces for finding the best restaurant and booking an Uber to get there. 

The Uber domain is now accessible for all developers using Houndify, and enables them to access Uber data and initiate booking. This enables developers to incorporate Uber ride requests into their own product experiences, as seen in the Hound app, including asking fare and distance information, hands-free.

 I'm a huge believer in voice interfaces, so it's exciting to have Uber capabilities baked into the Houndify platform. I can t wait to see how developers use this in their apps  said Chris Saad, Head of Product, Uber Developer Platform.

Yelp announced the Houndify partnership as part of its new Yelp Fusion developer program, which includes more tools for developers to build with the new Yelp Fusion API and Yelp data, plus a revamped developer portal. With the Yelp domain now live and publicly accessible within the Houndify platform, developers can easily access Yelp data and create rich voice-enabled experiences for local search.

"We're excited to expand our partnership with SoundHound and bring Houndify on as a Yelp Fusion developer partner," Chad Richard, SVP Business & Corporate Development, Yelp. "By integrating the Yelp Fusion API into Houndify, developers can not only build amazing conversational interfaces into their products, but they'll also have the best local data available. This partnership helps us further Yelp's mission of making local content and data accessible to consumers in more places and encouraging innovation in the developer world."

SoundHound Inc. shows the power of the Houndify platform s capabilities, including the first-ever voice-controlled implementations of Yelp and Uber services in the Hound voice search and assistant app. Developers seeking to Houndify their products and services can access domains provided by SoundHound Inc. and from the following partners:

Yelp: local business information, including restaurants and more

Uber: find out ride prices and book a car

Expedia.com: hotel, flight and vacation booking data

AccuWeather: local weather information and forecasts

Sportradar: pre-match, live and post-match data for more than 50 sports

Xignite: deep stock market information

FlightStats: real-time flight data and airport information

Open Exchange Rates: real-time currency exchange rates

Developers interested in exploring the Houndify platform can visit Houndify.com to learn more and register. The Hound voice search and assistant app is available as a free iOS or Android app, and can be downloaded via SoundHound.com/Hound.

About SoundHound Inc.:

SoundHound Inc. turns sound into understanding and actionable meaning. We believe in enabling humans to interact with the things around them in the same way we interact with each other: by speaking naturally to mobile phones, cars, TVs, music speakers, and every other part of the emerging  connected  world. Our consumer product, Hound, leverages our Speech-to-Meaning technology to showcase a groundbreaking smartphone experience, and is the first product to leverage and showcase the Houndify platform. Our SoundHound product applies our technology to music, enabling people to discover, explore, and share the music around them, and even find the name of that song stuck in their heads by singing or humming. Through the Houndify platform, we empower developers to be part of the Speech-to-Meaning revolution. Our Mission: Houndify everything.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160928005479/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160928005479/en/ Shineco, Inc. Completes Initial Public Offering and Commences Trading on ... BEIJING, China, Sept. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Shineco, Inc. ("Shineco" or the "Company"), a producer and distributor of Chinese herbal medicines, organic agricultural produce, specialized textiles, and other health and well-being focused plant-based products in China, today announced that it completed the initial public offering ("IPO") of its common shares on September 27, 2016. The Company raised approximately $7.7 million in gross proceeds through the issuance of 1,713,190 common shares at a price of $4.50 per share. Shineco's common shares will begin trading today at approximately 10:35 AM EST on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "TYHT".

Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. acted as Underwriter for the offering. Monarch Bay Securities, LLC participated as a Selected Dealer.

Shineco's registration statement relating to the IPO has been filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The Offering of the securities is made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained by contacting Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc., 2 Bridge Avenue, Suite 241, Red Bank, New Jersey 07701, Attention: Damon Testaverde, Managing Director, Investment Banking or email ddtestaverde@netw1.com or by calling +1 (800)-886-7007.

About Shineco, Inc.

Incorporated in August 1997 and headquartered in Beijing, China, Shineco, Inc. ("Shineco" or the "Company") is a Delaware holding company that uses its subsidiaries' and variable interest entities' vertically- and horizontally-integrated production, distribution and sales channels to provide health and well-being focused plant-based products in China. Utilizing modern engineering technologies and biotechnologies, Shineco produces, among other products, Chinese herbal medicines, organic agricultural produce and specialized textiles. For more information about the Company, please visit www.shinecobiotech.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains information about Shineco's view of its future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from historical results or those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with its ability to raise additional funding, its ability to maintain and grow its business, variability of operating results, its ability to maintain and enhance its brand, its development and introduction of new products and services, the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies and assets into its portfolio of products and services, marketing and other business development initiatives, competition in the industry, general government regulation, economic conditions, dependence on key personnel, the ability to attract, hire and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of its clients, and its ability to protect its intellectual property. Shineco encourages you to review other factors that may affect its future results in Shineco's registration statement and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

For more information, please contact:

At the Company

Yue Gao, Investor Relations

Phone: +86-185-6170-8878



Investor Relations

Tina Xiao

Weitian Group LLC

Email: tyht@weitian-ir.com

Phone: +1-917-609-0333

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/shineco-inc-completes-initial-public-offering-and-commences-trading-on-nasdaq-capital-market-300335653.html 
2016-02-03
3 Ways Marissa Mayer Has Failed Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) When Marissa Mayer took over as president and CEO at Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), investors were eager to see what the Google alum was capable of. However, Mayer has failed to steer the failing Internet company in a brighter direction, and many blame the decline of Yahoo stock on her mismanagement.

That negative outcry grew a little louder on Wednesday, as YHOO announced that fourth-quarter revenues missed, earnings only matched Wall Street estimates and that the company suffered an overall net loss of $4.44 billion thanks to a goodwill impairment.

Moreover, the company said it was cutting workforce by 15%, listening to offers for its core assets and also planning to spin off core assets.

The news sent Yahoo stock down 6%, bringing YHOO s losses to some 40% over the past year. Investors are calling for Mayer s head, and they have a few good reasons.

Here s a look at Marissa Mayer s worst management missteps during her three-and-a-half-year tenure at the helm of Yahoo:

Banning Telecommuting

Just seven months after Marissa Mayer was given the role of CEO, she set to work changing the company s corporate culture. Her first major management decision was to do away with the company s remote workers.

In February 2013, Mayer oversaw a personnel change that required the firm s many remote workers to come into the office or find another job. Many praised Mayer s decision, saying it was a good way to cut down on the workforce without conducting mass layoffs and that forcing remote staff to come to the office would increase productivity.

While both of those things may have been true, Marissa Mayer s decision to eliminate telecommuting did very little to foster trust between management and employees.

In fact, the new human resources policy did the exact opposite, causing many to resent Mayer   especially since she had recently installed a brand new nursery next to her office in order to care for her newborn son during working hours, which the typical Yahoo employee isn t capable of.

Destructive Employee Feedback

Another of Marissa Mayer s management shortcomings was her disastrous effort to improve Yahoo s employee evaluation system.

Mayer implemented a quarterly performance review (QPR) system that forced employees to be ranked between 1 and 5, with only a certain number of 4s and 5s available to each team.

That meant talented employees didn t want to work together on a team, and many were reluctant to shift focus to a new project for fear of getting a lower score. When employees complained about the process and asked that Mayer address their concerns at a company-wide meeting, she complied but diverted the focus of the meeting by reading a children s book that she said symbolized her experience at Yahoo so far.

Now, her ranking system is being put to the test as a former employee is taking Yahoo to court over the QPRs. This week, former Yahoo editor Gary Anderson filed a lawsuit in a California Federal District Court alleging that the ranking system was easily manipulated by senior managers and that the firm was firing people without any just cause.

Next Page Yahoo Expects Reverse Spinoff Will Be Taxable Feb. 2   Yahoo! Inc. is slowing down plans to spin off its core business and turning toward a possible sale after expectations of a tax-free transaction waned.



The reverse spin is  likely  to be taxable, rather than the tax-free transaction the company originally planned, Chief Financial Officer Kenneth A. Goldman said Feb. 2 on a conference call. The company is exploring  additional strategic options  while it continues to pursue the spinoff plan.



The reverse spin is still seen as the  most viable  option, Chief Executive Office Marissa Mayer said. Goldman said a spinoff could take up to a year to complete, and is  confident  it will be finished in 2016.



This obstacle in Yahoo's spinoff saga, which is entering its second year, could be seen as a boon for the Internal Revenue Service. The agency began in September studying transactions where the active trade or business is relatively small, or where there is a large proportion of investment assets, in response to an increasing number of requests for rulings on what the IRS considered to be aggressive interpretations of tax-free spinoffs under tax code Section 355.



Spinoff Saga



Yahoo announced a plan in February 2015 to separate its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., and had intended to complete the deal before the end of 2015. After the IRS declined to give the company a letter ruling confirming tax aspects of the transaction, Yahoo announced a reverse spin to separate the company's core business in December (239 DTR G-2, 12/14/15).



The IRS could issue rules in coming months that could stymie Yahoo's spinoff plan. The IRS guidance is expected to address issues tied to business purpose, active trade or business, and the device test, which doesn't allow spinoffs to be used as a means to distribute earnings and profits to shareholders. A Treasury Department official said in January that the IRS is  very actively  working on guidance, though didn't comment on timing (21 DTR G-6, 2/2/16).



To contact the reporter on this story: Laura Davison in Washington at ldavison@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Brett Ferguson at bferguson@bna.com Millions urge Yahoo to stop sale of ivory on its Japanese sites GETTY Elephants are at risk of extinction as poachers kill them for their ivory

Activists claim Yahoo Japan's policies allow almost  5million worth of ivory to be legally sold as fashion statements and trinkets, encouraging poachers to murder and push elephants towards extinction.



As the tech firm announced heavy quarterly losses yesterday and a 15 per cent cull on its workforce, a group of campaigners demonstrated outside the firm's San Francisco office, over what it called the 'dead elephant in the room'.



More than 1million people have now petitioned Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer online to intervene and shut down what they claim is the largest online retailer of ivory in the world.



The Avaaz campaign claims 100 elephants are being massacred a day, while between 2012 and 2014 more than 12 tons of whole tusks and cut pieces of ivory were sold on the site.



Yahoo Inc is a 35 per cent shareholder in Yahoo Japan, and two of the eight board members of Yahoo Japan report directly to Yahoo.



Other tech giants, including Google and Amazon, are refusing to sell ivory, and that Yahoo is now only one of the few major online markets left, according to Avaaz.



Yahoo recently responded to the accusations and said Yahoo Japan is not controlled by Yahoo Inc.

Brooke Anderson/Survival Media Agency Protestors at Yahoo offices yesterday

Brooke Anderson/Survival Media Agency More than 1million have signed a petition asking Yahoo to stop ivory sales in Japan

But Yahoo has asked the Japanese site to reexamine its policies.



Avaaz acting director Emma Ruby-Sachs, said: "A million citizens are calling attention to the dead elephant in the room: Yahoo Japan, where almost $7 million a year worth of elephant tusks are sold as trinkets.



"But Marissa Mayer can and must use her shareholder power to help stop this horror and shut down the largest online ivory market in the world."



In a statement, Yahoo Inc said: "Few things are more appalling than the brutality with which some endangered species are treated at the hands of humans.



"A recent online campaign has drawn attention to the sale of ivory products online, and to the potential role of such sales in contributing to the extinction of elephants.



"The recent campaign specifies that ivory items are sold on e-commerce web sites hosted by Yahoo! Japan.



"Although Yahoo! Inc. and Yahoo! Japan share the Yahoo brand name under a joint venture agreement entered into nearly 20 years ago, Yahoo! Japan is not controlled by Yahoo! Inc. and is not a Yahoo! Inc. subsidiary.



"Yahoo! Japan is a separate, publicly traded company with a Japan-based management team which sets independent policies.



"Our passive ownership of shares in the joint venture is minority ownership.



"We ve asked Yahoo! Japan s management team to reexamine and to clarify their company s policies around the sale of products from endangered or threatened species." Microsoft and GE dropped this management practice years before it landed Yahoo ... Around the time proponents of stack ranking like Microsoft and GE were ditching the system in favor of more employee-friendly management strategies, newly appointed Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer embraced the strategy with the unveiling of her quarterly performance-review (QPR) system.

Shortly after joining the company in 2012, she implemented the employee-performance-review process, which had managers score their employees and distribute them into "greatly exceeds," "exceeds," "achieves," "occasionally misses," and "misses" categories, with a target percentage of employees to be distributed into each.

Now, as Mayer comes under fire from investors over Yahoo's management and insufficient turnaround, Yahoo also has a lawsuit to contend with surrounding its controversial QPR system.

In the lawsuit filed on Monday, former Yahoo editor Gregory Anderson accuses Yahoo of implementing its performance-review system knowing that stack ranking had been criticized and rejected by larger employers because it was "subject to abuse, often resulted in claims of discrimination, and needed to be closely monitored in application and effect."

He says the rules implementing the QPR process were vaguely drawn, were communicated on a need-to-know basis, differed from department to department, and would change quarterly to achieve headcount-reduction targets.

Anderson further alleges that even if all employees on a team were performing well or at the same level, managers were required to place some of them in "occasionally misses" and "misses" buckets, resulting in good employees being let go.

Yahoo would not comment on the lawsuit but stands by its performance-review system. A spokeswoman told Business Insider: "Fairness is a guiding principle of our annual review and reward process. Our performance review process was developed to allow employees at all levels of the company to receive meaningful, regular, and actionable feedback from others."

Gripes against stack-ranking systems aren't isolated to Yahoo. M any large corporations   including IBM, Microsoft, GE, and Accenture   have done away with the practice in the past several years as a result.

Former GE CEO Jack Welch popularized stack ranking more than 30 years ago. In a USA Today interview from 2005, he described this system as "taking care of your very best, being sure the valued middle is cared for, and weeding out the weakest." He considered the strategy an act of kindness that let employees know where they stood.

But under new management, GE decided to eliminate formal, forced ranking about 10 years ago, according to Quartz.

"It existed in more or less the same form since I started at the company in 1979," GE's head of human resources, Susan Peters, told Quartz. "But we think over many years it had become more a ritual than moving the company upwards and forwards."

Microsoft also did an about-face on its employee-ranking system. According to a 2012 Vanity Fair article, the large majority of employees under then-CEO Steve Ballmer found stack ranking to be the most destructive force within the company, saying that it "effectively crippled Microsoft's ability to innovate."

As Business Insider's Nicholas Carlson writes in his book, "Marissa Mayer and the Fight to Save Yahoo!":

Because someone would have to be ranked worst even on teams full of all-star performers, Microsoft's most talented employees refused to work together. Because employees were not judged on their own work, but on how well they did relative to their peers, they would actively seek to undermine each other.

Microsoft eventually shed the practice in late 2013 after Ballmer's departure.

According to Carlson, in 2013 Mayer received complaints from managers who said they felt "uncomfortable" telling employees they had "missed" when they didn't feel they had. "I understand we want to weed out mis-hires/people not meeting their goals, but this practice is concerning. I don't want to lose the person mentally," said one employee.

Carlson writes that stack ranking forced Yahoo teammates to directly compete with each other, prevented talented people from working in the same group together, and caused employees to prioritize tasks that got them closer to their personal goals over doing anything collaborative. "Somebody always had to 'occasionally miss.' Even if no one ever missed," he writes.

In a statement to Business Insider, the Yahoo spokeswoman said of its QPR system: " We believe this process allows our team to develop and do their best work. Our performance review process also allows for high performers to engage in increasingly larger opportunities at our company, as well as for low performers to be transitioned out."

Many management experts see stack ranking as a thing of the past, saying companies will increasingly focus on individuals.

Data from management-research firm CEB shows that 6% of Fortune 500 companies have already gotten rid of rankings, and Kris Duggan, CEO of enterprise-software company BetterWorks, predicts that over the next three years, that number will be closer to 50%.

Duggan sees companies moving to a model where there's regular coaching instead of pitting employees against each other. It will be more "what do you need from me, what do I need from you, and how do we both have a mutual discussion around what it's going to take to win," he says. "And it's a very different perspective." Marissa Mayer's Strategic Plan Has 2 Major Flaws (YHOO) In yesterday's earnings call, Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo Inc. (YHOO), outlined a "strategic plan" to turn the company around. At a high level, the plan focuses on cost-cutting, product clarity, and renewed efforts in mobile. Given Yahoo's plethora of problems in recent times, announcement of layoffs and a plan to save the company should have invigorated its stock price.

But, it didn't. Yahoo's share price dropped by 3% in after-hours trading. The company's share price is trading at $27.30, a decline of 6% from its opening price. (See also: Marissa Mayer's Woes Enhanced by Layoff Plans.)

Here are two big reasons why Yahoo's investors are not convinced about Mayer's strategic plan.

Yahoo!'s Mobile Advertising Star Is on the Wane

Reinforcing mobile capabilities is a great way to increase future revenues, especially on mobile platforms to which advertisers will flock in the future. After showing impressive growth in the last couple of years, Yahoo's mobile advertising fortunes may dip in the future due to increased competition from other services.

According to the latest projections from research firm eMarketer, Yahoo's share of the mobile advertising pie will decrease from 3.3% in 2014 to 2.4% in 2017. In the meantime, competitors such as Facebook Inc. (FB) and Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) are expected to increase their share of the overall pie as Twitter Inc. (TWTR) leapfrogs Yahoo to become the third most popular mobile advertising platform. This change is expected to occur as the overall spend on mobile advertising by marketers is expected to double between 2016 and 2019 to $195.99 billion. (See also: Calls for Marissa Mayer's Ouster Become Louder.)

Yahoo! Needs Deeper Cuts

Yahoo announced its intention to lay off 1,700 employees or approximately 15% of its staff yesterday. According to Mayer, the company will end 2016 with approximately 9,000 employees. However, that still may not be enough. Yahoo's average revenue per employee is $345,000 in the first nine months of last year. In contrast, Alphabet Inc., made $895,000 per employee and Facebook earned a whopping $1 million revenue per employee during the same period.

Even Twitter, which earned $359,000 per employee, was more cost-efficient than Yahoo. What's more, Yahoo's earnings per employee have declined in the last decade or so. Reversing that trend as it transitions to a new business model, will take more layoffs and streamlining of its business. As it becomes a less attractive platform for mobile and display advertisers, Yahoo needs to better manage its employee headcount in order to catch up with competitors.

The Bottom Line

These are just two of the multiple reasons that Mayer's turnaround plan for Yahoo may fail. To be sure, Mayer has done a commendable job in pivoting the company's core business towards the future. However, her efforts came in too late, after years of mismanagement by previous CEOs. As such, Yahoo's future course is rocky and will require more than a strategic plan. Why is Yahoo Japan selling ivory? Google, Amazon, eBay, and most other tech giants refuse to allow their users to sell ivory on their platforms. But if you use Yahoo s Japanese site, you re welcome to sell all the ivory you want   in fact, the Guardian estimates that more than 12 tons of elephant tusks and ivory jewelry were sold on the site between 2012-2014. A petition from Avaaz argues that Yahoo Japan s policies are giving poachers an online platform and directly fueling the illegal ivory trade. Sign it now and tell Yahoo this is completely unacceptable!

Yahoo   stop your deadly ivory trade! >

Selling ivory online isn t just unethical   it may also violate a global UN ban on ivory sales dating back to 1989. Yahoo Japan has attempted to justify its policies by claiming that only ivory that pre-dates the UN ban is allowed on the site, but in reality, there have been countless cases of ivory sellers falsely claiming their products are antiques. This is such a widespread issue that last year, President Obama began to formally crack down on these  legal  ivory sales in the US.

This isn t the first time Yahoo Japan has come under fire for selling products related to endangered animals. In the past, the company has been criticized for selling whale and dolphin meat on its platform, despite the fact that every other major online retailer in Japan refuses to carry those products.

Related: National Geographic plants faux ivory tusks to track the illegal ivory trade route

So what does Yahoo Inc., the American parent company, have to say about its Japanese arm profiting off the deaths of endangered elephants? Sadly, not much. In a recent statement, the company disclaimed any responsibility, stating that Yahoo Japan is not a subsidiary of Yahoo Inc., and that CEO Marissa Meyer has no power to influence the Japanese company s policies. Even if Meyer has no direct authority over Yahoo Japan, the reality is that Yahoo owns about a third of the company s stock, and as a major shareholder, should be able to raise the issue with Yahoo Japan s leadership.

Yahoo Japan has pledged to review its ivory policies, but has made no promises to end the trade on its website. If this makes you angry   and it should   you can join the 1,227,000 people who have already signed the petition here.

Images via Shutterstock (1, 2) Why Don't You Know This About Your iPhone?! Just because you have an iPhone, and you use it every waking day of your life, that doesn t mean there can t be basic, helpful info about it that s escaped your attention.

For instance, do you know what the megapixel rating in your iPhone indicates? Or exactly why it s important to keep your iOS updated? Or what iOS even is, for that matter?

Watch the iPhone edition of our  Why Don t You Know This?!  video series above to get filled in on all that info and much more.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Yahoo! Inc - Former Yahoo employee accuses company of gender bias   against men - theguardian  
2016-01-12
Bosses Can Snoop on E-Mails to Girlfriend, Court Rules Bosses can snoop on workers  e-mails including personal messages with loved ones during working hours, the European Court of Human Rights ruled in a case brought by a Romanian man fired after his employer spied on his private Yahoo! Inc. chats.

 It is not unreasonable for an employer to want to verify that the employees are completing their professional tasks during working hours,  the court in Strasbourg, France, ruled Tuesday.

While the case dates back to 2007, the ruling comes at a time when governments and courts around the world are grappling with how to balance the right to privacy with the need to protect national security in the wake of Islamist terror attacks such as those in Paris last year. The court s decision will also certainly guide the European Union s top tribunal in future cases and rulings, said lawyers.

 This decision is significant for a number of European countries  as it legalizes reliance on private communications to influence workplace decisions, said Michael Burd, joint head of employment at Lewis Silkin LLP in London.  There s been a very strict division between employers  ability to look at private stuff and employers  ability to look at company stuff and this decision will break that down. 

 Using Yahoo 

 What s significant about this case is that they were allowed to use the content, not simply the fact of using Yahoo,  said Burd.

Bogdan Mihai Barbulescu took his case against Romania to the human rights court in 2008, arguing that his employer s decision to end his contract was based on a violation of his rights to respect for his private life and correspondence.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Barbulescu, who worked with his former employer as an engineer in charge of sales from 2004 to 2007, was asked to create a Yahoo Messenger account to answer clients  queries. In July 2007, he was informed that his chats had been monitored over several days, showing he had breached company rules by using the service also privately. A 45-page transcript also included a few messages he had exchanged with his fiancee.

 The employer s monitoring was limited in scope and proportionate  and in addition, the employee hadn t  convincingly explained why he had used the Yahoo messenger account for personal purposes,  the European court said.  There is nothing to indicate that the domestic authorities failed to strike a fair balance. 

 Liberal Stance 

 In my view, the court is taking a very liberal stance,  said Tom De Cordier, a lawyer at CMS DeBacker in Brussels.  Employers should be careful not to draw too general conclusions from this decision. Much of the court s decision seems to be based on the fact that the employee had claimed that the relevant communications were of a professional nature. 

The ruling highlights the need for workers to beware of the pitfalls of using social media and e-mail at work, said Claire Dawson, an employment lawyer at Slater and Gordon in London.

 Some employers allow for  reasonable personal use  of company systems,  Dawson said.  Others impose a complete ban. The advice to employees is clear: check what your employer s policy is and operate within it.  Tech Transaction Lawyer Becomes MoFo's Newest Managing Partner Photo by gags9999 (Flickr/Creative Commons)

Morrison & Foerster tapped a San Francisco technology transactions attorney as the newest of its managing partners.

Tessa Schwartz, co-chair of MoFo s technology transactions group, advises clients in areas such as software, cloud computing, social media, Internet, mobility and wireless and e-commerce. Schwartz s practice focuses on guiding clients, including Autodesk Inc., VMware Inc. and Yahoo! Inc., on the intellectual property aspects of strategic transactions in mergers and acquisitions.

 The general proposition is sort of marrying technology with other areas, so whether it s financial regulation or health care or energy, those are the places where you find that overlap with clean tech or fin tech or health tech and places where we re going to nail it because basically we re an IT powerhouse,  Schwartz said.

The UCLA law graduate will continue her IP and tech practices while serving as a managing partner. Schwartz s clean technology work includes solar, energy efficiency, renewable energy and other sectors and sustainability issues.

 The clean tech work is the perfect combination for a technology lawyer who s interested in sustainability,  especially with MoFo s very strong technology practice, she said.

Schwartz joins Craig Martin as one of two global managing partners, Asian managing partner Eric Piesner and European managing partner Paul Friedman. Larren Nashelsky is chairman of MoFo, which has 17 offices and more than 1,000 attorneys.

The managing partner function is in part to identify and concentrate  on the practice areas that we should be expending resources on and increasing the connectedness with the different practice areas,  she said.

Schwartz said she ll key in on global client service to identify opportunities for growth on a global basis.

 I think the focus for me is on how to deliver superlative client service first and foremost, and in order to do that, you have to be able to provide for your clients the legal services they need,  Schwartz said.

Schwartz, who joined MoFo in 1995 as a summer intern, started as a litigator in 1996 and worked on class-action litigation, antitrust, trademark and trade secrets. She began in the tech transaction practice during the dot-com days.

She succeeds Anna Erickson White, who after firmwide managing partner the last four years returns full-time to her litigation practice. 
2016-02-19
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Bad Company, Good Stock When Marissa Mayer took the helm of Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) in July, 2012, there was much fanfare and optimism. It seemed that the company was poised for fundamental change and that growth would rev up again.

However, fast forward to today and most of the enthusiasm has turned to downright gloom and doom. In fact, it s really tough to find anyone who likes Yahoo stock!

But for investors, this can be a good thing. If anything, Yahoo stock is extremely cheap   and the value could be soon unlocked with a buyout.

Now regardless of the mixed results from Mayer, she still made some good moves. After all, there were cuts in the operating expenses as the headcount dropped by about 34% since 2012 and there are plans for another 15% cut. At the same time, Mayer has been aggressive with pruning the product portfolio, such as getting rid of Smart TV and Yahoo! Games.

Of course, she has also invested heavily in bolstering mobile, which is certainly key for Yahoo stock. This is all part of her so-called Mavens strategy (which stands for mobile, video, native and social), which generated $1.6 billion in revenues in 2015, up about 45%.

The Down Side of Yahoo!

The problem? Well, of course, there has been a brain drain at YHOO, with top people like Prashant Fuloria (who was part of the mobile business), Jackie Reses (the head of acquisitions) and Kathy Savitt (a leader on the video side) departing. According to Glassdoor, only about 34% of the employees think that the company is getting better.

Then there are the secular headwinds. In other words, there has been a deterioration in legacy businesses like banner ads and desktop search. This is probably why YHOO has suffered from reductions in the user numbers for key properties like Yahoo Mail, the Yahoo.com home page and Yahoo Search (this is according to a recent post from The Information).

And of course, the company must deal with the intense competition. The fact is that the mega operators, such as Facebook Inc ( FB ) and Alphabet ( GOOG , GOOGL ), continue to get the lion share of the mobile and video opportunity.

So Why YHOO Stock?

When it comes to Yahoo stock, it s really a classic case where the sum of its parts is worth more than the market cap. The Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ( BABA ) stake is worth about $25 billion, Yahoo Japan is at about $9 billion and the core Yahoo business should be able to fetch least $5 billion.

There is also about $7 billion in the bank.

Adding these up gets to about $46 billion, yet the market cap is $28 billion!

Now it s true that this could be reduced because of a tax hit. But interestingly enough, this may ultimately be good for shareholders. The reason is that this grim prospect could compel YHOO to sell to a larger operating company, such as Verizon Communications Inc. ( VZ ). By doing this, the tax situation may actually be fairly minimal (this is according to tax whiz Robert Willens).

While YHOO has its many issues, there are still strong assets that should help another company get a foothold in the digital space. For example, the company has more than 1 billion monthly visitors and over 600 million are mobile. There are also fast-growing properties like Tumblr, as well as franchise sites like Yahoo Finance.

According to SunTrust Robinson Humphrey analyst Robert S. Peck, there are more than 20 bidders that have expressed interest in making a play for Yahoo stock.

In other words, this could allow for a nice premium bid. After all, this happened with AOL, when VZ paid $4.4 billion for the company in May 2015.

And yes, the board of YHOO is certainly feeling the pressure as it has announced the formation of a special committee and hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS ), JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( JPM ) and PJT Partners to explore  strategic alternatives.  Often this is a prelude to a sale.

Again, there is much urgency for this. The transition to mobile has been tough because of the competitive forces, there has been deterioration in the legacy assets and of course, shareholders are extremely frustrated.

All in all, for investors looking for an interesting play, there may finally be a catalyst to unlock the value of Yahoo stock.

Tom Taulli runs the InvestorPlace blog IPO Playbook. He is also the author of High-Profit IPO Strategies, All About Commodities and All About Short Selling. Follow him on Twitter at @ttaulli. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Yahoo Shares Surge on 'Strategic Options' Talk (YHOO) On Friday, shares of internet giant, Yahoo Inc. (YHOO), jumped to close at $30.04 and are up in after-hours trading by 0.37% after the company announced that they have formed an investment committee and hired banking advisors to explore various strategic options to revive the company's fallen fortunes. It also indicates that the company is focusing on a potential sale or spin-off of the business and are reaching out to certain financial and strategic parties.

The banking advisors in question include Goldman Sachs Group (GS) and J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM). Swaine & Moore LLP will be the legal advisor. The parties that are reportedly interested in acquiring the company include Verizon Communications (VZ), NewsCorp (NWSA) and private equity firm TPG.

Marissa Mayer, Yahoo's CEO, said,  The Board is thoroughly committed to exploring strategic alternatives while simultaneously supporting management and the employees in their implementation of Yahoo s strategic plan. We believe that pursuing these complementary paths is in the best interests of our shareholders and will maximize value. 

The Importance of Alibaba

According to the company, it is very important to sell their 15% (or $40 billion) stake in Alibaba to maximize shareholder value. After a series of poor results since Marissa Mayer joined the company as a CEO three years ago, many shareholders including activist investor Starboard Value LP, which has 75% stake in Yahoo, have been asking for a separation of Yahoo! s Asia business.

Last year, the company had announced that they were planning to spin-off their stake in Alibaba in order to save on taxes and create a separate company that would include their internet business and Yahoo! Japan, but in December they decided to ditch the plan. However, at present the investment committee must not only reconsider the  spin-off  decision but also find strategic alternatives to separate their Alibaba stake.

Mayer put it like this:  Separating our Alibaba stake from Yahoo s operating business is essential to maximizing value for our shareholders. In addition to the reverse spin, there are strategic alternatives that could help us achieve the separation, while strengthening our business. 

The Threat from Starboard

A couple of days back, Bloomberg reported that activist investor Starboard Value LP has been considering taking steps to wage a proxy fight with Yahoo!. Today, Yahoo s decision to set up an investment committee comes with the backdrop of Starboard's threat.

Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said,  It seems pretty clear that the only reason this is happening even is because of the threat of the proxy fight. 

The Bottom Line

Investors welcomed Yahoo!'s decision to seriously consider various strategic alternatives, as shares of Yahoo increased by more than 2.5% on Friday. The decision to consider their options has also given management some breathing space. Yahoo says it 'remains committed to Lockport and Western New York'  Yahoo embraces DevOps mobile analytics with update to Mobile Developer Suite Personalized web portal giant Yahoo! Inc. announced an update to its mobile DevOps library, the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite, at its San Francisco Mobile Developer Conference. The developer suite includes an all new Flurry, a data analysis platform, tvOS analytics support and a dashboard for direct ad control.

Data analysis from apps running in the field is core to the work that DevOps team do, by capturing and discovering patterns in app usage and code behavior. Yahoo s Flurry suite is a full app performance tracking library with its own dashboard and data visualization system. The system is also easy to use and requires no code or queries, just the creation of reports using the back-end.

The Flurry dashboard app is available for iOS and Android and provides a variety of reporting capabilities including app selection, grouping, events, funnels, cohort and segment analysis (such as usage, retention, etc.) as well as tracking interests and demographics.

Flurry utilizes a lightweight SDK for attaching to apps for Objective-C, Swift and Android.

 Using Flurry Analytics, we have been able to greatly improve our apps and in-app purchase rates. We now know what users want in the app and can provide that with confidence,  said Patrick M. Byrne, Chairman & CEO Overstock.com. (See this Overstock.com case study from Yahoo for more examples of use.)

This update also adds analytics for Apple Inc. s tvOS apps, a slimmed down version of iOS used for entertainment and TV apps. Now developers using Yahoo s suite can gather data from usage of apps on tvOS in order to monetize and examine user behavior.

Finally, Yahoo has added enhanced advertisement service data analysis to Flurry, which will let developers delve even further into how their apps are marketed and generate ad revenue. According to Yahoo, its native ad business has gone from zero to a one trillion ad-request run rate, which give Yahoo a great deal of data to sift through to understand which ads run best on what platforms.

The DevOps ANGLE: Yahoo in the mobile DevOps ecosystem

Flurry Analytics now supports over 250,000 developers, reaching more than 800,000 apps across more than 2 billion devices with 10 billion sessions every day. Last year, the company reports, mobile app usage rose by 58 percent and that knowledge paves the way for understanding how to better assist developers when it comes to mobile app delivery.

In the world of mobile DevOps understanding how applications function in the wild and how users interact with the app and servers at home drives the next iteration of software.

 Everything we do at Yahoo is grounded on data and analytics,  said Simon Khalaf SVP of Publisher Products.  Today, we re excited to share our proprietary insights and research. State-of-the-industry reports for mobile and native advertising, and updates to the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite to empower developers to grow their apps and businesses. 

Yahoo developers will have immediate access to these new tools through the Yahoo! Developer Network portal.

Featured image credit: 12/365 via photopin (license) 
2016-04-08
Goohoo? Google Bids On Yahoo!  Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day Want to receive this post in your inbox every morning? Sign up here

Stocks recover, the yen stabilizes, and Yahoo has possible buyers. Here are some of things people in markets are talking about today.

Stocks recover

Stocks are staging a small recovery on the last day of trading in a week that has seen selloffs across the world. The MSCI Asia Pacific Index rose 0.1 percent overnight, with Japan's Topix Index climbing 1.2 percent. China's Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.8 percent, for the index's longest losing streak since January. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index was 0.6 percent higher at 10:21 a.m. London time with banks leading the recovery. S&P 500 futures are 0.5 percent higher.

Yen rally stalls

Japan s Finance Minister Taro Aso said that strong yen movements are undesirable, especially if they re abrupt. After yesterday's very sudden strengthening of the Japanese currency - which saw it move below 108 to the U.S. dollar - the yen was trading at 108.75 at 10:45 a.m. London time. The big move in the yen helped push currency market volatility to its highest level since 2011 this week.

Yahoo bids

Verizon Communications Inc. plans to make a first-round bid for Yahoo Inc. s Web business next week, according to people familiar with the matter. Shares in Yahoo Japan Corp. surged on the news that Verizon is also willing to buy Yahoo's stake in the Japanese web company. Google, the main division of Alphabet Inc. is also reported to be interested in Yahoo's core business, while Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. has not joined the bidding as the company concentrates on its Chinese media holdings.

U.K. industrial production clouds growth outlook

U.K. industrial production unexpectedly declined 0.3 percent in February, with manufacturing production dropping 1.1 percent. With economic concerns already rising ahead of the 'Brexit' referendum in June, this morning's data will not be welcome by U.K. investors. The pound unwound much of its earlier session gains following the data release to trade 0.1 percent higher against the dollar at 11:05 a.m. London time.

Four chairs

The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter.

Four Federal Reserve leaders of the past and present joined each other at an event yesterday in what was a relatively lighthearted discussion on the challenges the position of head of the U.S. central bank holds. Current Fed Chair Janet Yellen said that the U.S. economy is approaching full employment, while some slack remains. Former Chair Ben Bernanke suggested that there is too much reliance on central banks to solve the world's problems. Alan Greenspan and Paul Volcker were entertaining.

What we've been reading

This is what's caught our eye over the last 24 hours. Yahoo Grabs the Attention of Verizon, Google, and Others NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

55:31 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-09-13
Delhi HC restrains Indian firm from using 'Yahoo' trademark AFPL was infringing its trademark and marketing their merchandise under the name  Yahoo Masala Chakra  and  Yahoo Tomato Tangy . (File) AFPL was infringing its trademark and marketing their merchandise under the name  Yahoo Masala Chakra  and  Yahoo Tomato Tangy . (File)

An Indian firm has been restrained from using the  Yahoo  trademark or any other deceptively similar mark as its product names by Delhi High Court which said it amounted to infringement of the registered trademark of the US-based Yahoo Inc.

The judgement came on a suit filed by Yahoo Inc, a global technology company, seeking permanent injunction to restrain Apricot Foods Pvt Ltd (AFPL), its Director Sanjay Patel and Shri Jee Traders from allegedly infringing its trademark.

Justice S Muralidhar also passed a decree in favour of Yahoo Inc and asked AFPL and its director to pay it Rs 32 lakh damages and Rs 6.44 lakh as cost.

AFPL and its director were proceeded ex-parte as they had neither appeared,nor filed written statement before the court.

Shri Jee Traders told the court that they were not dealing in products with Yahoo trademark and also gave an undertaking in this regard, following which Yahoo Inc said it was not pressing for damages against them.

Yahoo Inc claimed that AFPL was infringing its trademark and marketing their merchandise under the name  Yahoo Masala Chakra  and  Yahoo Tomato Tangy .

 The plaintiff (Yahoo Inc) has been able to prove that defendants 1 and 2 (AFPL and its director) have adopted the plaintiff s trademark as the name of their product in order to piggyback on the reputation of the plaintiff and (its) trademark and that such adoption of the trademark Yahoo for AFPL s snack items is undoubtedly dishonest,  the court said, adding AFPL has taken had taken an  unfair advantage  of the Yahoo Inc trademark.

Yahoo Inc told the court that AFPL mostly used Everest and e-vita brand names to manufacture and sell snack foods including potato chips. But in 2014, Yahoo Inc learnt that the firm was infringing its trademark Yahoo.

 In the result, the court issues a decree of permanent injunction restraining defendant Nos. 1 and 2, their principal officers, servants and agents, group/sister concerns/companies from manufacturing, selling, offering for sale, distributing products or offering services, advertising including on the Internet, and in any other manner using the Yahoo trademark or any other deceptively similar mark as part of their product name etc amounting to infringement of plaintiff s registered trademarks,  the court said.

 The Court issues a decree in favour of the Plaintiff and against Defendants 1 and 2 in the sum of Rs 32,00,000 towards damages. A decree in the sum of Rs 6,44,000 in favour of the Plaintiff and against Defendants 1 and 2 towards costs incurred by the Plaintiff,  it said.

For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now Verizon's Walden, AOL's Armstrong Talk Go90, Yahoo Progress Verizon followers on Monday got a bit more insight into the U.S. wireless carrier s strategy and timeline for two major projects: its go90 mobile video platform and acquisition of Yahoo Inc.

Speaking at TechCrunch s Disrupt 2016 conference, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong said the Yahoo transition has progressed slowly thus far thanks to the summer. Armstrong said things should start to more rapidly take shape this fall as AOL sifts through Yahoo s different work streams to see where they fit going forward

 The auction closed and then a lot of people were away in August,  Armstrong said.  So we re with Marissa and her team (now). Basically, there s about 20, 21 work streams we re going through and my guess is by the time we get through the early fall we ll have more of the strategy wired down. The overall premise is to do strategy, structure and then how do we basically finance the future growth overall. 

According to Verizon Executive Vice President Marni Walden, the first inklings of a Yahoo deal began back when Verizon acquired AOL last year. Though they hadn t yet honed in on Yahoo, Walden said Verizon executives knew they would need to look for additional avenues to draw a greater audience. Walden said the move is also part of Verizon s plan to avoid becoming a  dumb pipe  for data.

 We needed to get into the billions, we talk about that, in terms of eyeballs and Yahoo certainly does that for us,  Walden said.   But it is about monetizing above the network. When we have the network business, that s great, but we also believe that we have the right to play in the platform space and services as well. 

On the platform side, Walden addressed Verizon s progress on go90, the carrier s mobile video platform that launched nearly a year ago.

Though Walden, like other Verizon executives, did not disclose any hard usage figures, she said the company has  learned a lot experimenting with content  thus far.

 So we ve found some things that work extremely well   live sports, live music, concerts, work really well,  Walden said.

Walden said the platform gained record numbers of viewers during the NFL s Super Bowl as well as some of go90 s NBA and soccer content, and has also seen success with some of its original content aimed at 12-24 year old female viewers. But some other content offered on the platform   which Walden did not specify   has not done so well, she said. Walden said there were certainly things the company would do differently if given the chance, but said a learning curve was to be expected.

 I think we are learning,  Walden said.  I would tell you I am encouraged by engagement, that we have learned a lot about content and you will see us continue to work that model and to get it right This is a little bit different for us and I think you ll see us be successful but we ve got some things that we want to change as we move forward. 

Walden said in the future Verizon plans to spread its content across platforms, including the go90 app, and all of the Verizon, AOL and soon-to-be Yahoo assets.

 You ll see that content flowing on digital properties, you ll see it flowing on Fios,  Walden said.  Then as we move into the world of 5G, you ll also see that content show up there.  Alibaba's Tsai Says Yahoo Stake Rightly Discounted on US Tax Yahoo! Inc. s stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. rightly trades at a discount, according to the Chinese e-commerce giant s vice chairman, Joseph Tsai, because selling it would trigger a big U.S. tax bill.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

 If there s an easy tax solution, people would have figured it out already,   said Tsai, speaking at the CNBC Institutional Investor Delivering Alpha Conference Tuesday in New York.  The fact that the Alibaba stake still sits within (Yahoo s) Remain Co., is people haven t figured out how to solve that tax problem. So that asset should trade at a discount because it has this big built-in tax liability.  

As Yahoo is based in Sunnyvale, California, the sale of any assets -- including the Alibaba stake -- would trigger the U.S. federal income tax rate of 35 percent.

Yahoo owns about 15 percent of Alibaba, a stake that has a market valuation of about $37 billion. The internet company agreed to sell its web businesses and real estate to Verizon Communications Inc. in July for $4.8 billion, leaving it with the Alibaba holding and a stake in Yahoo Japan Corp., as well as some intellectual property assets.

Alibaba is unlikely to buy the remainder of Yahoo that holds those shares  because you still have an asset with a built-in gain with a potential tax liability, trapped in this glass box,   Tsai said.

 If we owned the Remain Co. we have to figure out how to break into that glass box to get our shares back,   he said.  Those shares remain outstanding, they re not retired, which restricts our flexibility -- if we want to pay a dividend, if we want to spin off companies from our business -- it s going to create a lot of problems.   Hecla Completes Acquisition of Mines Management, Inc. COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Hecla Mining Company (NYSE:HL) announced today that its acquisition of Mines Management, Inc. (Mines Management) is complete. The acquisition includes the Montanore Project, a large undeveloped silver and gold project in Montana for which the final Environmental Impact Statement and Records of Decision were issued earlier this year. Montanore will remain owned by Mines Management, which is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Hecla.

 Montanore has the potential to be a major silver and copper producer and we appreciate the support of the local community and Mines Management for this acquisition,  said Phillips S. Baker, Jr., Hecla s President and CEO.  The next step is to complete the permitting so we can mine in a safe and environmentally responsible way. 

Under the terms of the transaction, Hecla acquired all the outstanding shares of Mines Management for total consideration of approximately $46 million in Hecla stock. With completion of the transaction, Mines Management s shares are expected to be suspended from trading on the NYSE MKT prior to the opening of the market on September 14, 2016, and are expected to cease trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange at the close of trading on September 15, 2016.

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company is acting as the exchange agent. Mines Management shareholders should receive a letter of transmittal within the next 10 days to exchange each outstanding common share of Mines Management for 0.2218 of a common share of Hecla.

ABOUT HECLA

Founded in 1891, Hecla Mining Company (NYSE:HL) is a leading low-cost U.S. silver producer with operating mines in Alaska, Idaho and Mexico, and is a growing gold producer with an operating mine in Quebec, Canada. The Company also has exploration and pre-development properties in six world-class silver and gold mining districts in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, and an exploration office and investments in early-stage silver exploration projects in Canada.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Statements made or information provided in this news release that are not historical facts, such as anticipated production, sales of assets, exploration results and plans, costs, and prices or sales performance are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and "forward-looking information" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. Words such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   intends,   projects,   believes,   estimates,   targets,   anticipates  and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, expected or implied. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, metals price volatility, volatility of metals production and costs, litigation, regulatory and environmental risks, operating risks, project development risks, political risks, labor issues, ability to raise financing and exploration risks and results. Refer to the company's Form 10-K and 10-Q reports for a more detailed discussion of factors that may impact expected future results. The company undertakes no obligation and has no intention of updating forward-looking statements other than as may be required by law.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160913006716/en/ 
2016-05-02
Yahoo! Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer Could Get $55 Million in Severance If   Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) CEO Marissa Mayer could get a $55 million severance.

Marissa Mayer could receive her $55 million severance, which is made of cash, stock and benefits, if she is ousted from her job within a year after the successful sale of the company. Yahoo has been considering a sale and activist investor Starboard Value has been pushing for one.

The YHOO CEO hasn t done much positive for the company during her time with it. This could lead to her being ousted if the company is sold. Starboard Value has been critical of her role as CEO, reports The New York Times.

Marissa Mayer said that selling Yahoo is a  top priority  after it reported a $99 million loss for Q1 2016. It s faced tough competition in internet advertising from rivals Facebook Inc ( FB ) and Alphabet Inc s ( GOOG , GOOGL ) Google lately.

Yahoo shares were down slightly as of Monday morning.

More From InvestorPlace: Starboard's Smith says Yahoo 'welcoming' since his arrival Jeffrey Smith, Managing Member, CEO and Chief Investment Officer of Starboard Value LP, speaks at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson

A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File photo

LOS ANGELES Yahoo Inc's (YHOO.O) management team and directors have given a warm welcome to Starboard Value LP Chief Executive Jeffrey Smith since he joined the company's board after a contentious battle, he said on Monday.

"Yahoo has been great," said Smith, who was speaking on a panel at the Milken Institute Global Conference here. "The board members have been terrific and welcoming, the management team has been terrific and welcoming. This is no different from almost all of the companies that we get involved with."

The founder of the activist hedge fund is coming off a major agreement struck with Yahoo last week, in a deal in which Smith and three associates joined the Internet company's board of directors after a contentious battle that nearly went to a shareholder vote.

After more than a year of pushing for business and leadership changes at Yahoo, Starboard nominated a nine-member slate this spring to replace Yahoo's entire board. With the proxy battle now finished, the company is pressing ahead with the auction of its core business.

Smith was asked on the panel what it was like to arrive on the board of a company that has been the target of one of his firm's attacks.

"It s much more collegial than anyone would expect" when we go into a company, he said. "This is business, it s not personal."

In October 2014, Starboard won a proxy fight against Olive Garden parent Darden Restaurants Inc (DRI.N), with shareholders supporting the activist's campaign to overthrow the company's entire board.

Smith, who was accompanied on the panel by current Darden CEO Eugene Lee, said arriving on a board with that level of shareholder mandate is extremely powerful.

But he added that proxy fights are costly and time-consuming, and that sometimes getting inside the board room quickly is the best option.

"It's a tough call," Smith said.

Smith was also asked about Starboard's investment in department store operator Macy's Inc (M.N), whose shares have fallen by roughly half since Starboard invested in the company last year.

Smith said the company has reduced costs and has laid out a plan to monetize its real estate, but he admitted that Starboard invested too early.

"Sometimes you don't get the timing right," he said.

Starboard had $4.6 billion in assets under management as of Dec. 31, according to a regulatory filing.

(Editing by Matthew Lewis) LeEco 'to snap up prime real estate from Yahoo' Deal points to expansion plan for Chinese firm involved in phones, TVs and mountain bikes

Tech giant Yahoo Inc has reached a deal to sell a 20-hectare undeveloped site in Santa Clara, California, near the heart of Silicon Valley and 6 kilometers from the company's Sunnyvale headquarters, to Chinese internet company LeEco Holdings Ltd, according to the Silicon Valley Business Journal.

Yahoo has revealed that it might sell real estate as part of its restructuring plan, and media reports said in December that Yahoo was preparing to sell the site.

The deal has not yet been closed, according to the new report. And the purchase indicates a rapid expansion plan for LeEco, which has been involved in diverse businesses, making phones, TVs, mountain bikes and soon electric cars, and that it is tapping into the entertainment and sports sectors.

Yahoo had bought property in Santa Clara for $106 million in 2006, when the company's revenue was still growing and the site was estimated to accommodate more than 12,000 workers, said the report.

Yahoo had also got an approval to build up to 279,000 square meters of office or research and development space on the site, in 13 buildings. However, the construction never began.

Apart from LeEco, internet giants such as Google Inc and Apple Inc are said to be among the bidders.

LeEco declined to comment on this matter. Actually, the company stepped up its expansion in North America in recent years.

On April 28, LeEco announced it would establish its new 7,400-sq-m North American headquarters in San Jose, a facility that can accommodate as many as 800 employees. The headquarters is only 4.8 km from the site purchased from Yahoo.

It will also be the future home of LeEco's self-driving research center the LeFuture AI Institute, through partnering with Faraday Future, an electric-car company based in California.

Moreover, top talent engaged in research and development, products sales and management from Apple, Google and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd have also been attracted into LeEco's US office.

Pang Yiming, a senior analyst at Beijing-based Internet consultancy Analysys International, said: "Buying a massive piece of land in Silicon Valley, where many internet tech giants gather and is known for its unique talent, shows LeEco's dedication to keep step with world-class level."

LeEco could learn the most advanced technology and even attract top-level talent through establishing its headquarters in Silicon Valley, and to help expand in the North American market with its ecosystem of technology and content offerings, Pang added.

Industry sources said selling the property could meet some of Yahoo's cash demands and reduce its operating cost, which also reflects the decline of the traditional internet conglomerate and the rise of some new internet forces.

Ma Si contributed to this story. Marissa Mayer spending a ton of Yahoo's cash to keep HR rep Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer can t ditch her lavish spending habits.

The struggling Web portal s boss is shelling out a  multimillion-dollar  retention package to human resources boss Sandy Gould, who will stay after a report suggested he was set to leave, sources said.

Mayer is relocating Gould and his husband to Yahoo s New York offices, where Gould will supervise  culture and communication,  a source said.

There was  no sense in the NYC move other than Sandy and [his] spouse wanted to live there,  an insider says. Mayer  found out that he was going to work for someone she resents, and it literally drove her insane, so she made this crazy deal to keep him. 

It couldn t immediately be learned who was trying to hire Gould. A Yahoo rep confirmed he s staying.

Back at Yahoo headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif., Gould s HR duties are being taken over by John Matheny, a senior exec who has worked at Yahoo since 2010.

Matheny is  an internal engineer who [Mayer] never knew how to utilize,  according to a source.  A very nice guy. 

Meanwhile, Mayer and husband Zachary Bogue were on the guest list for Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour s fashion event of the year, the Met Gala.

This weekend, Mayer was also spotted at the White House Correspondents  Association annual dinner, which feted President Obama.

Sources say Yahoo instructed staff members not to post photos of themselves on social media to avoid any bad optics. Still, sources identified executives Ken Goldman and Adam Cahan RTG Mining Inc. Ni 43-101 Technical Report Mabilo Copper-Gold-Iron Project ... Announcement to the Toronto Stock Exchange and Australian Stock Exchange

SUBIACO, WA / ACCESSWIRE / May 2, 2016 / The Board of RTG Mining Inc. ("RTG," "the Company") (TSX Code: RTG, ASX Code: RTG) announces that it has today filed a technical report ("the Report") for the Mabilo Copper-Gold-Iron Project in the Philippines, pursuant to National Instrument 43-101   Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects.

The Report provides detail on the disclosure contained in the Company's news release issued on March 18, 2016, announcing the results of the Feasibility Study for the Mabilo Project.

The Company confirms that there are no material differences between the results announced on March 18, 2016 and the results contained in the Report.

The Report can be found on the RTG Mining website (www.rtgmining.com) and under the Company's profile at www.sedar.com.

ABOUT RTG MINING INC

RTG Mining Inc. is a mining and exploration company listed on the main board of the Toronto Stock Exchange and Australian Securities Exchange Limited. RTG is focused on developing the high grade copper/gold/magnetite Mabilo Project and advancing exploration on the highly prospective Bunawan Project, both in the Philippines, while also identifying major new projects which will allow the Company to move quickly and safely to production.

RTG has an experienced management team (previously responsible for the development of the Masbate Gold Mine in the Philippines through CGA Mining Limited), and has B2Gold as one of its major shareholders in the Company. B2Gold is a member of both the S&P/TSX Global Gold and Global Mining Indices.

ENQUIRIES

Australian Contact

President & CEO - Justine Magee

Tel: +61 8 6489 2900

Fax: +61 8 6489 2920

Email: jmagee@rtgmining.com

North America Contact

Investor Relations - Jaime Wells

Tel: +1 (970) 640 0611

Email: jwells@rtgmining.com

CAUTIONARY NOTE STATEMENT

Certain statements contained in this announcement constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws including, among others, statements made or implied relating to the Company's objectives, strategies to achieve those objectives, the Company's beliefs, plans, estimates and intentions, and similar statements concerning anticipated future events, results, circumstances, performance or expectations that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements generally can be identified by words such as "objective," "may," "will," "expect," "likely," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "should," "plans" or similar expressions suggesting future outcomes or events. Such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect the Company's current beliefs based on information currently available to management. Such statements involve estimates and assumptions that are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors inherent in the business of the Company and the risk factors discussed in the Annual Information Form and other materials filed with the securities regulatory authorities from time to time which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Those risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the mining industry (including operational risks; risks in exploration, and development; the uncertainties involved in the discovery and delineation of mineral deposits, resources or reserves; and the uncertainty of mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates); the risk of gold, copper and other commodity price and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the ability of the Company to fund the capital and operating expenses necessary to achieve the business objectives of the Company; the uncertainty associated with commercial negotiations and negotiating with foreign governments; the risks associated with international business activities; risks related to operating in Nigeria and the Philippines; environmental risk; the dependence on key personnel; and the ability to access capital markets.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statements were made and readers are advised to consider such forward looking statements in light of the risks set forth above. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements to reflect new information or the occurrence of future events or circumstances.

Read More 
2016-11-04
Liberty Interactive Corp. and Liberty Expedia Holdings, Inc. Announce ... ENGLEWOOD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Liberty Interactive Corporation (Nasdaq: QVCA, QVCB, LVNTA, LVNTB) ( Liberty Interactive ) and Liberty Expedia Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: LEXEA, LEXEB) ( Liberty Expedia ) announced today that the split-off of Liberty Expedia from Liberty Interactive has been completed. As a result, Liberty Interactive and Liberty Expedia are now separate publicly traded companies. Liberty Expedia s Series A and Series B common stock will begin trading in the regular way on Monday, November 7, 2016 on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbols listed above.

About Liberty Interactive Corporation

Liberty Interactive Corporation operates and owns interests in a broad range of digital commerce businesses. Those businesses are currently attributed to two tracking stock groups: the QVC Group and the Liberty Ventures Group. The businesses and assets attributed to the QVC Group (Nasdaq: QVCA, QVCB) consist of Liberty Interactive Corporation s subsidiaries, QVC, Inc. and zulily, llc, and its interest in HSN, Inc., and the businesses and assets attributed to the Liberty Ventures Group (Nasdaq: LVNTA, LVNTB) consist of all of Liberty Interactive Corporation s businesses and assets other than those attributed to the QVC Group, including its interests in Liberty Broadband Corporation and FTD, Liberty Interactive s subsidiary Evite, minority interests in Interval Leisure Group, Time Warner, Lending Tree and Charter Communications and various green energy investments.

About Liberty Expedia Holdings, Inc.

Liberty Expedia Holdings  (Nasdaq: LEXEA, LEXEB) principal assets consist of its interest in Expedia, Inc. and its subsidiary Bodybuilding.com, LLC. Expedia is an online travel company, empowering business and leisure travelers through technology with the tools and information they need to efficiently research, plan, book and experience travel. Bodybuilding.com is an internet retailer of sports and fitness products, dietary supplements and a digital media publisher featuring health-and-fitness content, workout programs, video trainers, recipes, health advice and motivational stories. More information is available at www.libertyexpedia.com.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161104006112/en/ Gores Holdings, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Hostess Brands, LLC, Maker of ... LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Gores Holdings, Inc. ( Gores Holdings ) (NASDAQ CM: GRSHU, GRSH, GRSHW), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of The Gores Group, LLC ( The Gores Group  or  Gores ), today announced that it completed the acquisition of Hostess Brands, LLC ( Hostess Brands ), the maker of Hostess  Twinkies , Ding Dongs  and CupCakes. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both Gores Holdings and the indirect parent of Hostess Brands, and was approved at a special meeting of Gores Holdings  shareholders on November 3, 2016. In connection with the transaction, Gores Holdings has been renamed Hostess Brands, Inc. ( Hostess  or  the Company ), and its common stock and warrants will trade on NASDAQ under the symbols  TWNK  and  TWNKW , respectively.

As previously announced, along with the $375 million of Gores Holdings  shareholder equity, additional investors comprising large institutional investors, C. Dean Metropoulos (through $50 million of additional rollover contribution) and Gores affiliates participated in a $350 million private placement, led by Alec Gores, Chairman and CEO of The Gores Group. Additionally, funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC (together with its consolidated subsidiaries,  Apollo ) (APO) and C. Dean Metropoulos and family, the prior majority owners of Hostess, will continue to hold an approximately 42% combined stake in the Company. Dean Metropoulos and William Toler continue to lead Hostess as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, respectively.

Dean Metropoulos, Executive Chairman of Hostess, stated,  We are excited to introduce Hostess as a public company and I am extremely proud of the job our team has done in repositioning and growing Hostess during the past four years. I believe the Company has strong growth potential and can think of no one better to partner with in this next journey than Alec Gores and the Gores team who have a well-earned reputation for not only identifying, but adding value to the businesses with which they affiliate. 

Alec Gores, Chairman and CEO of The Gores Group, said,  Hostess and its best-known product are the epitome of American icons. Dean, Bill and their team have done an outstanding job of positioning the Company for future, profitable growth. We are thrilled to be part of the next stage in this Company s life and look forward to helping create value for our shareholders. 

Andrew Jhawar, Senior Partner and Head of the Consumer & Retail Group at Apollo, added,  Hostess has many exciting levers for continued growth going forward, and the Company is well positioned given its strong leadership, dedicated team members and loyal customer base. Becoming a public company is the next evolution in the revitalization of Hostess. Our team at Apollo looks forward to working with the Gores team, the Company s new Board members and Dean, Bill and the rest of the management team in assisting to drive profitable growth and future shareholder value at Hostess. 

In 2013, C. Dean Metropoulos and certain funds affiliated with Apollo acquired select Hostess assets out of the liquidation of the old Hostess Brands company. That summer, they returned Hostess products to store shelves after a months-long absence in what became one of the biggest news stories of the year. Since that time, the management team has successfully rebuilt the business and the brand through investments to enhance operations, creative product innovation, expanded distribution through a direct-to-warehouse system, targeted acquisitions and a competitive business model. Hostess had revenues for the twelve months ended June 30, 2016 of approximately $658 million and operates five baking facilities located in Emporia, KS, Indianapolis, IN, Columbus, GA and Southbridge, MA.

Upon completion of the transaction, the Hostess Board of Directors consists of Dean Metropoulos, Mark Stone, Andrew Jhawar, Larry Bodner, Neil Defeo, Jerry Kaminski and Craig Steeneck.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. acted as lead capital markets advisor and financial advisor, Moelis & Company and Morgan Stanley acted as joint-capital markets advisors and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Gores Holdings. Rothschild Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Perella Weinberg Partners LP acted as M&A advisors to Hostess Brands. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP acted as legal advisor to Apollo and Hostess Brands. Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as legal advisor and UBS acted as financial advisor to Dean Metropoulos and his family.

Read More 
2016-03-06
LinkedIn's Weiner: Yahoo's Mayer Took on Huge Task NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

53:16 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-04-15
Yahoo Mail Finally Integrates Google Drive and Dropbox Good news for those who still use it, Yahoo Mail finally decided to make significant but long overdue improvements to its service. Although the company is currently being offered for sale, it didn't stop the Yahoo Mail app from adding important updates and integration, including attaching Google Drive and Dropbox files. Well, this move is perhaps intended to develop Yahoo's core components right before the company is eventually sold.

However, PC Mag reports that the new additions are actually exclusive for the Yahoo Mail app and not the traditional and browser-based Yahoo Mail. Aside from Dropbox and Google Drive, users can also attach GIFs from Tumblr.

REUTERS/DENIS BALIBOUSE A Yahoo logo is pictured here in a building in Rolle, near Geneva.

This development is intended for those who are using the app on their iOS or Android device. But because this is already the second set of updates in over two months, there is a need for users to update their app if they haven't done so in the past two months.

Josh Jacobson, the direction for Product Management for Yahoo Inc., said that aside from the recent improvement where users can now manage several mailboxes using the Yahoo Mail app, the ability to access files from Google Drive, Dropbox, and GIFs from Tumblr makes it a lot easier and quicker to send photos and files.

Furthermore, it also means there no longer is a need to separately access both Google Drive and Dropbox just to download files and then attach them all over again using Yahoo's mail service. For iOS users, they now can preview their attachments, too, right before sending them. Android users on the other hand are now able to use widgets, plus they now can delete a draft once they cancel an email that has already been composed.

For these updates to work, iOS users must have a 4.3 version or newer, while Android devices must have the 5.4 or newer version. Arianna Huffington on Verizon-Yahoo Bid RBC Analyst Says Apple Acquisition of Disney Is Possible

55:08 - Investors are increasingly discussing options for how Apple could gain scale in media/content and an acquisition of Walt Disney has a "greater than 0%" probability, though odds are low, RBC analyst Amit Daryanani said in a note. Bloomberg's Chris Palmeri has more on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg) Madison Avenue's Wish List of Yahoo Buyers Photo: Reuters

Bankers, investors and Silicon Valley executives aren t the only ones with a lot of money at stake over the next potential owner of Yahoo.

Advertisers are also eagerly awaiting the outcome for the beleaguered Web portal.

Preliminary bids are due Monday for Yahoo s core Web business which includes video sites, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and a vast pool of data from its email addresses and potentially its Asian assets. About 40 firms have signed nondisclosure agreements, and potential suitors range from front-runner Verizon Communications Inc. to Time Inc., private-equity firm TPG and the owner of the U.K. s Daily Mail. Some bidders are starting to back out ahead of Monday s deadline, including AT&T and Comcast, Bloomberg reported.

While Yahoo s advertising business has stumbled in recent years, many in the industry are still anxious to see Yahoo survive and do a deal that will strengthen the Sunnyvale, Calif., company. A revitalized Yahoo could be positioned to take on the growing power and leverage that Google and Facebook have in the advertising marketplace.

Yahoo s advertising revenue has been declining, but the company is still expected to capture $2.83 billion in worldwide net digital ad revenues this year, or about 1.5% of the global digital ad market, according to eMarketer. Google and Facebook control more than 40% of that market, combined.

 The digital ad market is really an oligopoly there is Google, Facebook and then everyone else,  said Bryan Wiener, executive chairman of 360i, a digital ad firm owned by Dentsu Inc.  Yahoo should be paired with somebody who can be a viable third player in this space. 

Here are some edited conversations with advertising executives about who they would prefer to see land a deal with Yahoo, if Madison Avenue could have its way:

Bryan Wiener, executive chairman of digital ad firm 360i Photo: 360i

Mr. Wiener, executive chairman at 360i

Preferred buyer: Verizon

Yahoo s biggest assets are the tremendous reach and data they have. Verizon makes a ton of sense because AOL within itself does not bring enough of an audience. [Verizon purchased AOL in 2015.] There is not a big enough audience at AOL to compete with Facebook and Google. Verizon needs the content, audience and the data that Yahoo has on its users.

Advertisers need a tremendous amount of data and reach in order to give them the right combination to do micro targeting at scale. If you want to reach foodies, it is not efficient to go to niche sites to get foodies. How do I aggregate millions of foodies?

Scott Hagedorn, chief executive of Hearts & Science Photo: Omnicom Group

Scott Hagedorn, chief executive of Hearts & Science, an ad buying firm owned by Omnicom Group Inc.

Preferred buyer: AT&T

I look at how the ad business is evolving and how ad ecosystems are being created and I see you need three components. You need the identity, a persistent view of the consumer. You need delivery vehicles, which includes ad technology and mobile devices. You also need the content.

I look at Google and it has all three. They have great consumer identity with Gmail and they have all the middleware solved with DoubleClick and other ad tech. Then they have the content from YouTube as well as search results.

AT&T could be interesting because they bought the plumbing with the purchase of DirecTV and the middleware. They have devices and identity, but they don t have the content they need, and Yahoo would give them a bit more content that would be more diverse than DirecTV content.

Rishad Tobaccowala, chief strategist for Publicis Groupe Photo: Publicis Groupe

Rishad Tobaccowala, chief strategist of Publicis Groupe SA

Preferred buyer: Comcast

A Yahoo-Comcast combo makes sense since the next drive for dollars are TV dollars, which needs broadband and relationships with TV stewards. Also, Yahoo needs a strong balance sheet. Comcast is the largest broadband provider and, via NBCU, big in video content and television relationships. It is a great ramp.

Yahoo could bring three things to Comcast, which include far more digital media scale, data and a Silicon Valley presence. A different engineering mind-set can help Comcast further transform their business. It also gives them an international footprint.

Marla E. Kaplowitz, chief executive of MEC North America Photo: MEC

Marla Kaplowitz, chief executive of MEC North America, an ad buying firm owned by WPP PLC

Preferred buyer: Private equity/breakup

The best result would likely be private equity. It makes more sense to break Yahoo apart. There are companies that need the different pieces and can leverage the assets in a unique way that would help advertisers. For example, the data from Yahoo Mail and Yahoo s search business could help companies understand behavior and consumer intent. That can be sold to one of the data companies such as Oracle or IBM. For advertisers, Oracle could leverage its shopping data to more deeply understand more pre- and post-shopping targeting opportunities. I don t think Yahoo is a perfect fit for any one company.

Write to Suzanne Vranica at suzanne.vranica@wsj.com 
2016-07-13
Yahoo Q2 2016 Earnings Is All About The Sale Process After an endless process to sell the company s core business, Yahoo is finally approaching the end.

Yahoo will announce the third bidding round results and acquisition terms.

Operating results are secondary to the selling process announcement.

Internet giant Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is expected to report its Q2 2016 earnings results next week amid the sluggish progress in the sale process that is about to enter its third and final bidding round by July 18. Yahoo s sale process is the final step in a long and exhausting strategic change the company initiated last year that started with an attempt to spin-off Yahoo s stake in Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) into a newly formed publicly traded special purpose enterprise consisting only of Alibaba shares and small operating activity carved from Yahoo.

In the beginning, investors were more than happy about the move that would allow the company to unlock the potential value of the Alibaba holdings. However, later on, as the IRS refused to pre-approve this spin-off as a tax-free transaction, the concerns of a too costly tax implication drove the company to halt the spin-off. At this point, an activist investor fund, Starboard Value, pushed the company to change its course and keep the Asian assets for now (Yahoo Japan and Alibaba) and to sell its core business that was valued back then in the broad range of $4 billion to $8 billion. While holding several seats on the company s board, Starboard Value tried to maximize shareholder value. The company sold lucrative Silicon Valley real estate and patents while closing disappointing businesses to lower the spending.

Initially, Starboard Value pushed for the sale, claiming that Yahoo could receive a significant amount of cash for its core business. However, in reality, bids came in lower than expected with the first round of bids ranging between $2B and $3B   significantly less than the amount that had been broadly adopted as the target price range of the deal ($4B $8B). As the process continued, more and more companies joined the race for Yahoo s core business, including Verizon (NYSE:VZ), AT&T (NYSE:T), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG), and P-E firm TPG, and a group led by Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert, and backed by Warren Buffet, were among the bidders.

At the final stages of the process, only four players remained in the race: Verizon, AT&T, Gilbert/Buffet group, and TPG, with offers ranging from $3B to $5B and differentiating from one another depending on whether the offer was to include patents, real estate, or only the core business (or even parts of it). Starboard Value, which initiated the move to sell Yahoo s core business, could not afford a low-priced deal and thus pushed for some bidding rounds in an attempt to increase the final price. There is a concern that if the final bids do not satisfy Yahoo s board, the company will reject them, which would have a tremendously negative impact on the stock price. The final results will be announced on July 18 when Yahoo is expected to report its Q2 2016 earnings results.

With such a significant announcement that could either make Yahoo s stock price plunge or soar, Yahoo s quarterly financial results and business progress are secondary to the sale process. If Yahoo decides to terminate the sale process and beats the Q2 consensus forecast with flying colors, the stock will go down anyway because the main issue this quarter is the sale of Yahoo's core asset. In this upcoming earnings release, investors will keep an eye on the sale process and the answers to these five questions: Will Yahoo complete the deal? Who is the buyer? What is the price? Which assets have been sold? What are the terms of the sale? Even though the operating results are secondary to the sale, these are the financial numbers to look out for: Recommendation Trends of the Stock: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

The Company fell -0.09% and finished at $37.92. The daily volume was measured at 12.45 million shares. The 52-week high of the share price is $39.98 and the 52-week low is $26.15. The company has a market cap of $35.85 billion. Its latest closing price has a distance of 2.02% from SMA20 and is 2.42 up than SMA50. The stock currently has Price to Sales (P/S) value of 7.42 where Price to Book (P/B) value stands at 1.26.YHOO is currently showing ROA (Return on Assets) value of -9.9% where ROE (Return on Equity) is -15%.

Return on equity (ROE) measures the rate of return on the ownership interest (shareholders  equity) of the common stock owners. It measures a firm s efficiency at generating profits from every unit of shareholders  equity (also known as net assets or assets minus liabilities).

YHOO is currently showing 944.38 million shares outstanding as compared with the 876.82 million total shares float.

The Stock has its Beta Value of 1.41 and ATR (Average True Range) of 0.74. The Weekly and Monthly Volatility of the stock are 1.64% and 1.7% respectively. The weekly performance of the company stands at -0.08 percent while it s 1-month and 3-month returns are 1.63 percent and 4.06 percent.

By looking at Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) YTD (year to date) performance, the stock shows Positive value of 14.13%. If the YTD value is Negative, it means that the stock is trading poorly. If the YTD value is Positive, this means the stock is appreciating.

The High price target of the company s Share is at $49 based on the calculations and analysis of 33 brokers. According to the analysts, the company has the Low Price target of $30 whereas, the Mean Target is estimated by the brokers is $40.88.

For an overview on Recommendation Trends, 6 Analysts assigned the stock as Strong Buy. 16 said it s a Buy, 17 assigned Hold rating where 1 stated the stock as Underperform and 0 marked the stock as Sell.

While Looking at the Earnings Estimates of the company, The Average Earnings Estimate for the Current Fiscal quarter is measured as $0.1 by 33 analysts. They are also projecting the Low EPS estimate as $0.05 as compared to the Higher EPS estimate of $0.16.

Now when we talk about Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal Quarter, Average Revenue Estimate of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is projected as $1.08 Billion where Low Revenue estimate and High Revenue Estimates are $1.05 Billion and $1.1 Billion respectively by 24 analysts. 
2016-11-21
Irish data regulator steps up Yahoo hack probe, waits on email scanning A tattered flag bearing the Yahoo company logo flies above a building in New York, U.S., October 31, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

LONDON Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) said it had stepped up its examination of the theft of user information for 500 million Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) accounts and that it was awaiting information from Yahoo on allegations it helped the U.S. government scan users' emails.

Yahoo revealed in September that hackers had stolen the data in 2014. U.S. politicians have criticized the delay in notifying customers.

In October, sources told Reuters that Yahoo used a software program to sift through millions of emails for specific information related to national security.

Yahoo said there was not yet a formal investigation into the hacking of user data.

"They are not actively investigating," spokesman Charles Stewart said.

"They are examining. There is a distinction for them between examining and investigating," he added

DPC spokeswoman MB Donnelly said the DPC had moved on from its initial steps of making preliminary inquiries to trying to ascertain whether EU laws may have been broken.

"We are in regular contact with Yahoo EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) in clarifying certain facts of this case and will then proceed to take appropriate next steps," she said in a statement.

The DPC is the lead European regulator on privacy issues for Yahoo because the company's European headquarters are in Dublin.

Donnelly said the probe of the email scanning program was at its early stages.

"Regarding the allegations of email scanning, our position remains that we have made initial enquiries with Yahoo and that we are continuing with our preliminary assessment of the matter," she said in an emailed statement.

The DPC declined to say if it had received any information from Yahoo about the incident.

Stewart said the DPC had indicated to Yahoo that it was not examining the email scanning program.

 Based on what I have heard from them and read, they are not, but I can t confirm that,  he told Reuters.

The DPC declined to comment on this remark.

Yahoo is precluded by law from publishing details of the surveillance order the company had received from the U.S. authorities.

Last month the company asked U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to declassify the order so it could provide users with more information.

(Reporting by Tom Bergin; Editing by David Clarke and Mark Potter) Distinctive Apparel, Inc. Acquires TravelSmith and Chasing Fireflies CHEVY CHASE, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Distinctive Apparel, Inc. (the  Company  or  DAI ), an affiliate of Blackstreet Capital Management, LLC ( BCM ), has acquired the assets of catalogue and Internet retailers TravelSmith and Chasing Fireflies from Cornerstone Brands, a division of Home Shopping Network. BCM is led by Managing Partner, Murry Gunty.

DAI, headquartered in Randolph, Massachusetts, owns leading apparel brands including Chadwicks of Boston, Metrostyle and Territory Ahead all of which sell direct to consumers through the Internet and catalogues.  We are thrilled to acquire these two well-known brands,  said Aldus Chapin, CEO of DAI.  We look forward to reinvigorating TravelSmith and Chasing Fireflies and bringing unique and exciting products to their loyal customers. 

 The veteran DAI management team, led by Aldus Chapin, has deep experience successfully purchasing great apparel brands and there is no better team to revive and grow TravelSmith and Chasing Fireflies,  said Murry Gunty, BCM Managing Partner.  These brands will enhance DAI s portfolio by adding a premier travel brand and a leading children s apparel and costume brand to already strong and well known men s and women s apparel brands that they currently own. 

About Blackstreet Capital

Blackstreet Capital is a Chevy Chase, Maryland-based private equity firm. Blackstreet Capital focuses on investments in under-performing orphans with up to $150 million of revenue primarily located in the eastern half of the United States. To date, Blackstreet Capital has invested in 30 companies with combined sales in excess of $1.5 billion with over 8,000 employees.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161121005895/en/ Ecoark Holdings, Inc. to Rebrand its Fresh Produce Subsidiary as Zest Labs ROGERS, AR--(Marketwired - November 21, 2016) - Ecoark Holdings, Inc. ("Ecoark") (EARK), a provider of a growing suite of proprietary technologies and services that drive sustainability and facilitate sustainable growth for a wide range of clients, today announced Intelleflex, its fresh produce wholly-owned subsidiary, will be rebranded as Zest Labs.

Zest Labs' innovative fresh produce solution aimed at reducing post-harvest food loss will be named Zest Fresh . Zest Labs will retain the Intelleflex brand for its award winning wireless sensor hardware products.

"The Zest brand reflects our passion and enthusiasm for solving the problem of post-harvest food waste and improving business efficiencies and environmental sustainability for our customers," said Peter Mehring, CEO of Zest Labs. "We have an opportunity to dramatically improve the quality consistency of perishable food for both consumers and retailers across the globe. We believe Zest Fresh is a breakthrough that will significantly reduce the 33% post-harvest waste while improving quality consistency, supply visibility, food safety, and profitability."

Reducing food loss remains a significant goal for grocery retailers, restaurants, farmers, and food service companies, as they look to improve profitability for their investors and sustainability for their communities. Zest Fresh is a modern solution that addresses quality consistency shortcomings by combining cloud, mobile, and cost effective item-level condition monitoring technology with real-time analytics to empower workers to maintain freshness across the fresh food supply chain.

"We are excited to launch the Zest brand and for the enormous opportunity in front of us to significantly decrease supply chain inefficiencies and food waste," said Randy May, Chairman and CEO of Ecoark Holdings, Inc. "We truly believe Zest Fresh represents the next generation of quality management for post-harvest fresh food that increase farmers' and retailers' profitability while improving sustainability and also putting a higher quality product on the table of citizens across the world."

The USDA recently estimated the amount of total food loss in the U.S. to be $161B, creating a significant opportunity for Zest Labs to help farmers and retailers to be more efficient with fresh produce in the supply chain and reduce environmental impact and operating costs tied to post-harvest waste.

To learn more about Zest Labs, please click here.

To watch a video about Zest Fresh, please click here.

About Ecoark Holdings Inc.

Based in Rogers AR and founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a growth-oriented company based in the retail and logistics hub of Northwest Arkansas. Ecoark's portfolio of technology solutions increase operational visibility and improve organizational transparency for a wide range of corporate clients.

Ecoark's technologies fight waste in Operations, Logistics, and Supply Chains across the evolving global economy. Ecoark's portfolio of companies and technologies work to integrate people, processes, and data in order to overcome ingrained operational hurdles and create new revenue streams.

Ecoark's vision is to expose the cycles of waste that reduce efficiency and cost effectiveness across the business landscape. Ecoark's strategically acquired subsidiaries have anticipated and responded to key economic factors impacting every business today.

Ecoark addresses these vital economic factors through four active subsidiaries, Zest Labs, Eco3d, Pioneer Products, and Magnolia Solar.

For more information, please visit www.ecoark.com.

Forward Looking Statement:

This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: our ability to continue as a going concern; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. VitaCig, Inc. Announces Name Change to Omni Health, Inc., Projects $1.6M Net ... MIAMI, FL--(Marketwired - Nov 21, 2016) - Omni Health, Inc., ( OTC PINK : VTCQ ), a pharmaceutical company, announced today its official name change from VitaCig, Inc., to Omni Health, Inc. The company will continue to trade its stock under VTCQD for the next 20 days when the company's new symbol, OMHE will become effective.

Michael Hawkins, the Company's current CEO/CFO stated, "While the transition has taken a little longer than expected we are pleased with where we are at, and where we are headed." The Company has completed its audit and will be filing the Annual Form 10K this week. The First Quarter Form 10Q will follow shortly thereafter. The Company projects to have a net income of $1.6M in its first quarter (May 1 - July 31, 2016) which consists of operational income and the income derived from discontinued operations, as it shifts its model into the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Hawkins went on to say, "The goal is to become current in filings and move the company to the OTC Markets."

About Omni Health, Inc.

Headquartered in Miami, Florida, Omni Health Inc. operates a pharmacy operation in Hialeah, Florida, Malecon Pharmacy. Malecon Pharmacy has been a pillar of the local community since 1974 providing healthcare products, pharmacy operations, prescription drugs, and other services and products in the skin care and anti-aging industry.

Safe Harbor Statement

Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Company's ability to develop, market and sell products based on its technology; the expected benefits and efficacy of the Company's products and technology; the availability of substantial additional funding for the Company to continue its operations and to conduct research and development, and future product commercialization; and the Company's business, research, product development, regulatory approval, marketing and distribution plans and strategies. Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s Kannaway, LLC Launches Refresh of World-Renowned ... SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - November 21, 2016) - Medical Marijuana, Inc. (OTC PINK: MJNA) announced today that its portfolio company Kannaway, LLC, the first hemp lifestyle direct selling company to offer cannabidiol (CBD) hemp botanical products, launched a refresh of its world-renowned brand at its `Genesis: People, Purpose, Passion' event in San Diego this November.

The two-day `Genesis' event included award-winning training sessions, including Kannaway leaders discussing best practices for building a better business. Kannaway also introduced new leadership at the event, including direct sales expert Randy Schroeder, who brings his "25 years" training module to the company. In addition, a Kannaway stock incentive plan was announced for brand ambassadors, plus an incentive trip on a seven-day cruise to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Kannaway also celebrated two new brand ambassadors that achieved "platinum" level. As a part of Kannaway's on-going social responsibility initiatives, Brand Ambassadors made donations to Kannaway's new charitable benefactor, E.C.H.O.

"This event marks the `Genesis' of a new Kannaway," stated Kannaway CEO Blake Schroeder. "We were proud to launch our new message and brand, as well as 3 new high quality products. Our Brand Ambassadors are very excited about our new Brand Ambassador stock incentive program. As a company we were most proud to launch E.C.H.O, which stands for Education, Collaboration, and Hope, and to have made, along with our Brand Ambassadors, our very first contribution to that endeavor."

The Company also announced at the event the addition of three new products to its line of CBD hemp oil lifestyle products. Kannaway Pure CBD Liquid is the Company's new herbal-extract free, naturally-high CBD hemp oil product that invigorates the system while promoting overall homeostasis. Kannaway Pure CBD Capsules are a refined, CBD-only supplement, and make including a CBD supplement to a diet easy. Premium Hemp Oil Capsules join the Kannaway Premium Hemp product line offering a full-spectrum cannabinoid blend though a capsule delivery method.

Kannaway has also redesigned its website to reflect the Company's new branding. The website includes a new video series that tells the story of Kannaway and educates on the endocannabinoid system and CBD.

For more information on Kannaway, click here to visit the Company website.

About Kannaway, LLC

Kannaway, LLC, is a network sales and marketing company specializing in the sales and marketing of hemp-based botanical products. Kannaway currently hosts weekly online sales meetings and conferences across the United States, offering unique insight and opportunity to sales professionals who are desirous of becoming successful leaders in the sale and marketing of hemp-based botanical products.

About Medical Marijuana, Inc.

Our mission is to be the premier cannabis and hemp industry innovators, leveraging our team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. We strive to create awareness within our industry, develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses, while increasing shareholder value. For details on Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s portfolio and investment companies, visit www.medicalmarijuanainc.com.

To see Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s video statement, click here. Shareholders are also encouraged to visit the Medical Marijuana, Inc. Shop for discounted products.

FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Medical Marijuana, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein.

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA) DISCLOSURE

Read More 
2016-07-14
Yahoo! Inc Manages to Destroy Its Last Great Product This morning, an  Update  to Yahoo! Finance took effect to mark a milestone and a new low in the level of incompetence over at Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ: YHOO). After all, Yahoo! s management has managed to destroy pretty much every other aspect of whatever is left of their business and chase as many users as possible over to Google and other content, search or email providers.

First there was the incessant tinkering with the layout of the Yahoo! homepage along with the dumbing down of content to chase after millennial users, compulsive MSNBC watchers and anyone obsessed with stalking the Kardashians. Then there was the culling of  products.  e.g. Remember Yahoo! Travel? That product, among several others, bit the dust during the last  revamp  or  improvement. 

Meanwhile, Katie Couric (who large swaths of the country cannot stand and cannot stand even more after she recently produced a documentary with deceptive editing intended to make gun rights activists look bad) continues to receive approximately $800,000 a month or $10 million a year for fluffy  news  pieces where Yahoo! users were long forbidden from posting their (granted, often obnoxious and trolling) comments. How much of her bloated salary could have gone to maintain an editor-in-chief and a small team of writers to keep Yahoo! Travel alive and generating traffic? After all, I thought Marissa's strategy was to build a business around activities people do on a daily or nearly daily basis, like checking email, the weather, news, the stock market and naturally, travel planning for the weekend, holidays and summer vacation.

Yahoo! Finance though continued to be a bright spot albeit there were signs that even that product was destined to be driven into the ground. Long ago, Yahoo! Finance stopped allowing its charts to be imbedded in third party sites (I mean, why WOULDN T you want to allow bloggers to showcase your charts and data on other sites with credit going back to yours???).

Then A few weeks ago, I clicked on a Yahoo! Finance anti-Brexit rant, I mean article, and scrolled down to the comments section for a good laugh (I would include a link to the article, but since Yahoo! Finance  updated  and  improved  things, I can t seem to find it anymore along with my comment record...). Even though Yahoo! commenters are much maligned for their trolling, lack of intelligence and name calling, several commenters had noticed that the article was written by a Yahoo! Finance intern with about two year s worth of college under his belt (But hey, at least the article did not have a byline for  journalists  based in Bangalore like some Reuters pieces now have or were generated  automatically  by software like some other pieces now are).

Then this morning, the following email was sent out on behalf of the Senior Director of Product for Yahoo! Finance:

As the Senior Director of Product for Yahoo Finance, I wanted to reach out and share improvements we re making to help you customize and discover the data, news, and insights you care about.

We updated the Yahoo Finance homepage to have a fresh new look with bigger headlines and photos, an enhanced news stream, and consistent navigation at the top of the page. When signed in, you ll see we ve combined the watchlist and portfolio modules into a custom dashboard where you can add, remove, and analyze your stocks right on the homepage.

On the quotes page, we also modernized the design freeing up space for a larger and interactive chart, key data, and visual performance summaries. Rich company data is now quickly accessible from a series of tabs, and the  View Watchlist  button will bring up your watchlists without leaving the page. The new Conversations tab replaces our previous messages boards and will better organize comments by  recent  or  top  using our Yahoo algorithms.

Our interactive charts are now more interactive with the ability to compare or jump between charts by simply clicking a stock from your watchlist.

We re excited to share these changes with you beginning on desktop, and rolling out to mobile in the coming weeks. Soon enough, you'll be able to harness the power of Yahoo Finance wherever you are, whenever you want.

I hope you ll enjoy the improvements as much as we do. For more information on recent changes including a video tutorial check out our full post, and let us know what you think by providing feedback. For questions, please visit the Yahoo Finance Help page.

Thank you,

Michael La Guardia

Senior Director of Product, Yahoo Finance

First of all and as always with Yahoo! Inc  updates  and  improvements,  users were NEVER consulted about the changes and have no way of opting out and keeping things the way they were or liked it. That s fine as its Yahoo! s product and if they want to chase me and other users away, that s their business.

But let s look at one of these so-called  improvements.  One good thing about Yahoo! Finance had always been the company newsfeed packing plenty of headlines that could quickly be scrolled through. How has Yahoo! Finance decided to improve that? Let s look at YUM s newsfeed:

Article

Sponsored Link

Article

Article

Article

Article

Sponsored Link

Article

Article

Article

Article

Sponsored Link

I know Yahoo! needs to pay the bills BUT this is ridiculous. Also, you now need to do three times as much scrolling as Yahoo! is including the byline and a picture with some of these articles.

Already, the Yahoo Finance Feedback Forum is full of angry comments from users and from my experience with Yahoo!, these feedback forums are largely ignored by management there. So for me its so long Yahoo! Finance. I will continue to maintain a Yahoo email address (or at least until that s  improved  beyond repair), BUT I won t be coming back much to look at your  improved  Yahoo! Finance page that much anymore as I will be looking elsewhere like Finviz, Marketwatch, the RealClear sites, Google Finance etc for stock and/or sector news and data. 
2016-01-20
Yahoo Introduces Native Ads on the BrightRoll Exchange NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo, Inc. (NYSE:YHOO) today announced the availability of programmatic native advertising on the BrightRoll Exchange. Advertisers, DSPs and agency trading desks leveraging the BrightRoll Exchange for display advertising will now also have access to bid on native mobile inventory via a new API that aligns with the IAB OpenRTB 2.3 standard.

 The prevalence of native ads has skyrocketed, and advertisers and publishers alike are taking notice of its increasing potential,  said Tod Sacerdoti, Vice President, Display and Video Ads at Yahoo.  This new offering through the BrightRoll Exchange combines the power of data and technology to give advertisers even more flexibility to buy native the way they want. 

According to eMarketer, native ad spend is expected to reach nearly $9 billion by 2018, or 10 percent of all digital ad spend. With Yahoo, advertisers can take advantage of a variety of native ad formats that are designed to drive higher audience engagement using Yahoo Gemini, the company s proprietary marketplace for search and native, and now, the BrightRoll Exchange, which is integrated with more than 100 DSPs and enables access to thousands of sites and apps via real-time bidding (RTB).

Advertisers can continue to access native inventory on Yahoo premium sites and apps using Yahoo Gemini or through Yahoo Gemini API partners. Advertisers integrated with the BrightRoll Exchange can now access native inventory from third-party app developers who utilize Yahoo App Publishing, such as Cheetah Mobile, Pinger, WeatherBug, among others.

 Cheetah Mobile has been working with Yahoo to bring relevant native ads to users and enhance the in-app experience across our suite of utility apps, such as Battery Doctor, Clean Master, and CM Security,  said Xinhua Liu, CMO of Cheetah Mobile.  We're excited to extend our partnership and make our native inventory accessible programmatically to bidders on the BrightRoll Exchange to help advertisers reach a growing mobile audience. 

Yahoo offers a comprehensive suite of tools to help advertisers, publishers and partners connect with consumers across ad formats and devices. In September 2015, Yahoo announced the unification of its programmatic advertising technology under the BrightRoll brand, introducing the BrightRoll DSP and BrightRoll Exchange as part of its open, media-agnostic suite of programmatic buying and selling tools.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company s blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Yahoo! (YHOO) Launches Programmatic Native Advertising in BrightRoll Exchange  Largest Cache of Internet Data Released by Yahoo Tech companies are competing against one another for attracting the top talent in the field of artificial intelligence and Yahoo! Inc. has made a dramatic move in this area; it is giving away a massive amount of data about how the interaction of users with its services. The embattled internet firm announced on Thursday that the largest cache of data concerning internet behavior would be released by them, which would include the hovers, clicks and scrolls of about 20 million anonymous users who have visited Yahoo s finance, sports, real estate and various other pages. Only universities will have access to this trove and it is expected to provide researchers with a real-world and rare look at the online behavior of a large number of people.

After dealing with years of stagnant growth, Yahoo is dealing with a brain drain and it is attempting to lure academic researchers in the highly competitive and fast-growing field of artificial intelligence. This data dump by Yahoo comes at a time when technology companies are racing against each other for strengthening their ties with academia, especially in the area about artificial intelligence, which has also been termed as deep learning and machine learning. This involves providing training to machines so they can mine large quantities of data and use it for making predictions and resolving complex queries.

Top researchers have been recruited by Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. Nonetheless, experts have said regardless of the talent these companies have, they will continue seeking more because these big tech firms don t think they have enough people for doing what they want to do. For machine learning to happen, large quantities of data are needed as computers use them for spotting complex patterns. For instance, in Yahoo s case, they can figure out what kind of design features or headlines attract teenage girls.

Only major internet companies have this data and they keep it close as they don t want to disclose too much about the business. The data set of Yahoo is around 13.4 terabytes, which is equal to around two-thirds of the size of Congress s library. This is larger than anything at the disposal of academic computer scientists and it is so massive that the university system will not be enough to store it. A cloud computing system would probably be needed, one by Alphabet Inc. s Google or Amazon.com Inc. Last year, the Carnegie Mellon University had signed a $10-million partnership with Yahoo for five years for developing personalized apps that are based on user data.

The sheer size of the Yahoo cache makes it extremely valuable, according to experts. The algorithms designed for analysis of large quantities of data are vastly different from those analyzing lesser amounts. The generous release by Yahoo can assist researchers in learning how to develop large-scale algorithms, which can be immensely beneficial for corporations. Since 2006, about 50 sets of data have been released by Yahoo, which includes a cache of 100 million Flickr photos that were released in 2014. The largest release before this one was 413 gigabytes. Search Hilary Schneider speaks during a discussion at the Future of Media event during Advertising Week in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 29, 2010.

Hilary Schneider speaks during a discussion at the Future of Media event during Advertising Week in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 29, 2010. Photograph by Andrew Harrer Bloomberg via Getty Images

Hilary Schneider, who rose to Silicon Valley prominence in the early 2000s during her tenure as Yahoo's EVP of Americas, has been named CEO of identity theft protection company LifeLock ( lock ) . Currently the company's president, Schneider will succeed Todd Davis as CEO, effective March 1.

Schneider joined LifeLock as president in 2012, during the company's IPO roadshow. "I see this as the right place, right time opportunity," Schneider told Fortune , in her first interview about the promotion . "Taking the time to understand and listen and learn was critical in realizing the extent of this market opportunity."

According to a statement by the company, Davis, LifeLock's co-founder and current CEO, will become executive vice chairman of the board, while lead director Roy Guthrie will become chairman. Schneider will also be appointed to the board.

Schneider credits Davis and the board with giving her the opportunity to lead. "Todd's been very committed to diversity in this organization," she says. "And a big call out to our board of directors who felt very comfortable to not only have hired me as president but also to give their approval to me as CEO."

The new CEO takes the helm at a critical time in the company's history. Just last month, LifeLock paid $100 million in settlement charges to the Federal Trade Commission for failing to comply with a 2010 federal court order requiring that the company properly safeguard sensitive personal data like Social Security, credit card, and bank account numbers. Moreover, the regulators alleged that LifeLock had lied to consumers about keeping consumer data secure.

 With LifeLock well positioned for continued success, the FTC matter concluded, and Hilary ready to assume the role of CEO, this is the right time to move forward with this succession plan,  said Davis in a statement.

As a female CEO of a major publicly traded company, Schneider is in the minority. Currently, there are 22 women CEOs in the Fortune 500. On January 31, when TJX Companies ( tjx ) CEO Carol Meyrowitz steps down, that number will drop down to 21. ( To read more about female CEOs, check out the Broadsheet , Fortune's daily newsletter about the most powerful women in business.)

Schneider's advice for other women gunning for the top job? "It's about having the swagger," she says. "Even when you may not feel it." 
2016-10-06
Report: Verizon May Sell Data Centers (VZ) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) may have spent $4.8 billion to acquire Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) this summer, but the leading telecommunications company could be coming into some major cash from the sales of its data-center business.

According to Cowen & Co analyst Colby Synesael, Verizon is close to inking a deal to sell the data-center business to Equinix Inc. (EQIX) in a deal that could value the business at $3.5 billion. "We believe a transaction involving Verizon's co-location assets is imminent and that Equinix is the most likely acquirer," said Synesael in a research report, according to Investor's Business Daily. A Verizon spokesman declined to comment on the research report.

Cash for Leftovers From Terremark Deal

The Cowen analyst said that based on its channel checks, the data-center portfolio includes 14 facilities that mainly include the ones Verizon inherited when it bought Terremark in 2011 for $1.4 Billion. "We estimate EQIX could pay 13 to 13.5 times EBITDA, or $3.5 billion, and believe such a transaction would be viewed as positive for Equinix and neutral to Verizon."

This isn t the first time speculation swirled Verizon would sell assets that fall under the enterprise umbrella. Last fall, expectations were high it could make a move, but Verizon Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo poured cold water on the reports, saying they were  speculative,  according to Seeking Alpha.

Content Is King

When Verizon purchased Terremark five years ago, the deal was the largest since its $6.8 billion purchase of MCI in 2005. The idea behind the acquisition of Terremark was to get in the business of selling processing power, data storage and software hosting service over the internet or what has now become known as cloud services. Things have changed since then.

Verizon is focusing more on content, which is evident by its purchases of AOL and Yahoo, though the latter deal may not actually close due to the massive data breach at the internet company. (See also: Yahoo-Verizon Deal Rocked by Data Hack.)

Verizon hasn t said anything about Yahoo, but there is speculation it may walk away. Particularly if Yahoo faces any pushback from the government or class-action lawsuits from affected customers. When Yahoo disclosed the breach, Verizon issued its own statement:  Within the last two days, we were notified of Yahoo's security incident. We understand that Yahoo is conducting an active investigation of this matter, but we otherwise have limited information and understanding of the impact. We will evaluate as the investigation continues through the lens of overall Verizon interests, including consumers, customers, shareholders and related communities. Until then, we are not in position to further comment." (See also: Verizon Unhappy Over Yahoo Data Breach.)

Since then, reports have emerged that depicts a divided Verizon with some executives wanting to walk away from the deal while others are angling to move ahead. (See also: Report: Verizon Execs Divided Over Yahoo.) Twitter Inc Stock Takes The Plunge As No Buyer In Sight (TWTR) Twitter Inc ( TWTR ) shares plummeted on Thursday, causing the company to shed $2 billion in market cap, as investors finally began to consider that perhaps this time won t be any different after all. Maybe a suitor can t be found for Twitter, and all the positive sentiment around a sale is misguided.

The considerations come as multiple reports suggest that Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL ), Apple Inc. ( AAPL ), and Walt Disney Co ( DIS ) probably won t be making a bid for the micro-blogging platform. Commentary from Salesforce.com, Inc. ( CRM ) management also suggests that they aren t very interested in owning the social network either.

Twitter shares tanked 20% on Thursday in ridiculously heavy trading. By the end of regular trading hours, roughly 102.5 million shares had changed has, compared to the average daily volume of 34.15 million shares.

Alphabet or Apple Most Likely to Buy Twitter?

Former Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) interim CEO Ross Levinsohn told CNBC on Wednesday that Google or Apple will be the most likely candidates to buy Twitter. For Apple, he said the social network would fill the lack of a news-type platform, while for Alphabet, it would create the third prong of an internet empire in the form of Google, YouTube and Twitter, which he called a  media trifecta that would excite consumers. 

The company s market cap was at around $17 billion when the former Yahoo exec spoke, but it had fallen below $15 billion by Thursday afternoon. Levinsohn pegged the buyout value at around $20 billion, which he said is out of the reach of a company like Salesforce, which was reported to be interested.

Not only would Salesforce with its $45 billion market cap struggle to come up with the cash to buy Twitter, but he said its smaller size means it can t really afford to take a chance on a  damaged  asset such as Twitter.

He doesn t believe Walt Disney would shell out $20 billion for it either.

Google, Disney Don t Want Twitter

Twitter is apparently in a hurry to strike a deal, as Reuters reported that it told interested companies that it wants to conclude the negotiations by the time it releases its third quarter earnings report on October 27. The media outlet cited unnamed sources for the information. The sources also said that the company had cut down the number of interested parties to Salesforce, Alphabet and Walt Disney.

However, Recode reported later that neither Alphabet nor Walt Disney would bid for Twitter. The website also said Apple is unlikely to make an offer, leaving Salesforce as apparently the only interested party. Recode emphasized that the social network is indeed for sale and that Disney had been considering making a bid.

What about Salesforce?

Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff addressed the Twitter question when speaking to analysts at a special Q&A session. Most of the questions were focused around the possibility of a bid, and UBS analysts noted that one question that stood out to them was about the importance of deferred revenue. Benioff likes deferred revenue quite a lot, but the micro-blogging platform has very little of that to offer, which makes it seem less likely that the company will make a bid for it.

The Salesforce chief said that deferred revenue was a key part of their attraction to LinkedIn Corp ( LNKD ), which of course they lost to Microsoft Corporation ( MSFT ). LinkedIn had $786 million in deferred revenue in the second quarter, compared to $933 million in reported revenue, UBS analyst Brent Thill. Twitter, by comparison, had only $25 million in deferred revenue against its $602 million in reported revenue.

Jefferies analyst John DiFucci highlighted comments from Benioff about Salesforce not being interested in acquiring mass amounts of data, which appears to refute the many analyst reports that suggested the company could benefit from Twitter s data.

However, Seeking Alpha contributor Nima Karamlou said on Thursday that he feels Salesforce will buy the micro-blogging platform  now that price has become less of an issue.  He believes Benioff is the guy who will be able to unlock the value he sees in the platform.

The post Twitter Inc Stock Takes The Plunge As No Buyer In Sight appeared first on ValueWalk.

Many academics claim investing is a  random walk.  We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name  ValueWalk.  Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace eXp Realty and Commissions Inc. Announce Enterprise Lead Generation/CRM Platform BELLINGHAM, WA--(Marketwired - October 06, 2016) - eXp Realty, the Agent-Owned Cloud Brokerage  (eXp World Holdings, Inc.) (EXPI) today announced a new strategic relationship with Commissions Inc. (CINC), the leading provider of web-based real estate marketing and CRM software for elite agents and teams across North America. Under this new relationship, CINC will become eXp's primary enterprise lead generation and CRM platform for eXp's 1800 agents in the U.S and Canada.

To date, CINC has been heralded by high performing teams as the most effective online lead generation and CRM platform on the market. When the system goes live in early 2017, eXp will be the only large brokerage firm where all eXp agents will have access to the CINC tools and resources at no additional cost. Every eXp agent will receive a consumer website that integrates with local MLS data, a comprehensive CRM platform through which agents can manage clients from lead to close, and three mobile apps (CINC Agent App, Houses.net, and Open Houses by CINC).

"eXp Realty puts our agents and brokers first in every decision we make and we are continually looking for valuable partnerships which will deliver long term sustainable value to them," stated eXp Realty CEO Jason Gesing. "While there are plenty of lead-gen and CRM choices in the marketplace, there are only a handful of companies that provide best in class tools and systems and CINC is at the top of that list. As third party portals continue to proliferate, we believe that providing a fully integrated CRM and IDX-based consumer search experience, the ability for agents to easily feature their own listings on their websites and the ability to promote themselves as part of a custom 'portal strategy' is an essential part of our vision as a leading technology-based brokerage. We are honored to be selected by a company with the stellar reputation like CINC as their first Enterprise client and look forward to a long and mutually beneficial relationship."

"We have been searching for a company that shares both our dedication to make agents successful and our belief that having the best technology is a critical part of the agents growth," said Alvaro Erize, COO of Commissions Inc. "eXp, with its extremely rapid growth and agent focused values, is the perfect opportunity to get CINC in the hands of the right agents, knowing they are already part of a family geared for success."

The announcement came at eXp's international convention, eXp Con, in San Antonio, Texas where more than 600 broker and agent owners from the U.S. and Canada gathered to learn, share and motivate and celebrate eXp as the brokerage model that is quickly gaining national attention.

About eXp World Holdings, Inc.

eXp World Holdings, Inc. is the holding company for a number of companies most notably eXp Realty LLC, the Agent-Owned Cloud Brokerage  as a full-service real estate brokerage providing 24/7 access to collaborative tools, training, and socialization for real estate brokers and agents through its 3-D, fully-immersive, cloud office environment. eXp Realty, LLC and eXp Realty of Canada, Inc. also feature an aggressive revenue sharing program that pays agents a percentage of gross commission income earned by fellow real estate professionals who they attract into the Company.

eXp World Holdings, Inc. also owns 89.4% of First Cloud Mortgage, Inc. a Delaware corporation launched in 2015 and now licensed to originate mortgages in Arizona, California, Virginia and New Mexico. First Cloud Mortgage has positioned itself as a Planet Friendly Mortgage Company via the purchase of carbon offsets for homeowners offsetting the first year of the Carbon Footprint of the typical home on each mortgage originated through First Cloud Mortgage, Inc.

As a publicly-traded company, eXp World Holdings, Inc. uniquely offers professionals within its ranks opportunities to earn equity awards for production and contributions to overall company growth.

For more information you can follow eXp World Holdings, Inc. on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, or visit eXpWorldHoldings.com. For eXp Realty please visit: eXpRealty.com and for First Cloud Mortgage, Inc. check out FirstCloudMortgage.com.

About CINC

Founded in Marietta, Georgia in 2011, CINC (Commissions Inc.) is the leading provider of web-based real estate marketing and CRM software for elite agents and teams across North America. The solution includes a consumer website that integrates with local MLS data, a complete CRM platform that allows real estate agents to nurture clients and monitor their business, and access to three mobile apps (CINC Agent App, Houses.net, and Open Houses by CINC). Built with the support and input of some of North America's top brokers, CINC powers the business for thousands of agents and connects them with millions of consumers every month.

Read More Verizon is pushing for a $1 bln discount off its pending $4.8 bln agreement to buy Yahoo - NY Post, citing several sources  
2016-12-30
The 5 Worst Business Deals of 2016 Perhaps it was Donald Trump, or Bernie Sanders, or all the uncertainty around the election. Or maybe it was the Federal Reserve and the fact that interest rates began to rise. Whatever the reason, even the stock market's march to Dow 20,000 wasn't enough to the keep the business world's deal juices flowing. For mergers and acquisitions, and for initial public offerings in particular, 2016 was a flop.

U.S. M&A volume dropped 21% from the previous year. In terms of dollars raised, it was the lowest year for IPOs since 2003 , and the second-lowest year since 1992.

But even through there were fewer deals, there were still a fair share of ones that should never have been announced in the first place (we're looking at you, Verizon ), along with a couple from past years whose glaring flaws undid them this year. Here are Fortune's picks for the dumbest deals of 2016.

Verizon-Yahoo

Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo, speaks during the Fortune Global Forum. Kimberly White Getty Images for Fortune

Even before news surfaced that Yahoo had been the victim of two massive hacks , Verizon ( vz ) looked to be overpaying for the fallen king of email. The $4.8 billion bid, announced in July, values Yahoo at 5 times cash flow. That's not a lot for a tech company. Even troubled Twitter ( twtr ) , for instance, trades at 15 times cash flow. But Twitter is still growing. Yahoo ( yhoo ) is not.

The once-wunderkind CEO Marissa Mayer has spent the past four years trying to turn the company around streaming football games and hiring big-name journalists like Katie Couric. It hasn't worked. Yahoo's core business lost $2.4 billion in value under Mayer. And cash flow is down to just over $800 million, from $1.5 billion in 2012.

Verizon, of course, thinks it can stop the decline, perhaps by combining Yahoo with AOL, which it bought in 2015, to create a competitor to Google ( googl ) or Facebook ( fb ) . But YahoOL has a lot of catching up to do. And now the hacking news has soured Yahoo's main asset secure, non-work email. Verizon is already trying to renegotiate its buying price . The market thinks it will cut its bid for Yahoo by $1 billion. That may still mean it's paying $3.8 billion too much.

Every Deal Ever Done by Time Warner's Jeff Bewkes

Time Warner CEO Jeffrey Bewkes. Photograph by David Buchan   Getty Images

Time Warner ( twx ) CEO Jeff Bewkes has long been wheeling and dealing atop the media giant, culminating in this year's proposed mega-merger with AT&T. Only in 2016, though, did it become clear how truly dumb Bewkes's previous deals have been.

Both AOL and Time Warner Cable ( twc ) soared in value after Bewkes spun them off in 2009. Time Inc. ( time ) , the parent company of Fortune , has dropped in value after being similarly cast aside in 2014, so jettisoning it perhaps saved Time Warner shareholders some money--but not nearly enough to make up for how much they've missed on Bewkes' other spin-offs.

All told, Time Warner's shares, based on what AOL and Time Warner Cable were eventually acquired for after Bewkes tossed them aside, could have been worth as much as $103.65 before the AT&T deal was announced. Instead, they currently trade at around $96. AT&T has offered to pay $107.50 per share for Time Warner; if the company still owned those spin-offs, it could be selling for much more. And that conclusion doesn't factor in all the costs Time Warner incurred in the spin-offs. AT&T clearly thinks Time Warner is worth more when connected to a cable provider, so it's likely that Time Warner's shares would have been worth much more, with or without the AT&T deal, had Bewkes not spun off Time Warner Cable.

Bewkes has argued that AOL and Time Warner Cable, as well as Time Warner, have benefited from being smaller and having a tighter focus. But there's an irony there: if that argument is right, combining his company with AT&T is, by Bewkes's own logic, a very poor deal.

NantHealth's IPO

Patrick Soon-Shiong. Photograph by Bloomberg via Getty Images

In late 2015, Patrick Soon-Shiong, part owner of the Los Angeles Lakers and one of L.A.'s richest men, delayed the IPO of his company NantHealth. The company, which offers a mash-up of medical testing, payments processing, and medical infotech, eventually went public in June.

Perhaps it should have waited longer. Shares of NantHealth ( nh ) soared on their first day of trading to as high as $21, but have plummeted since. The stock is now down more than 50% from that peak, to around $10.50, making it one of the worst-performing IPOs of 2016. At the time of the IPO, Soon-Shiong crowed that his company was the first to match up genomic cancer testing with billing services. But it's not clear that enough hospitals or doctors are looking for those combined services. In the first nine months of 2016, NantHealth lost $124 million, up from a loss of $54 million in the same period in 2015.

And it appears the company, less than six months after its IPO, is already hurting for cash. In late December, NantHealth raised another $100 million in a convertible-bond offering. To do so, NantHealth had to offer a 5.5% interest rate to investors. The average convertible bond pays just 3.3%.

Investing website Motley Fool's bottom line: "NantHealth simply does not qualify as an investment; it's a pure speculation."

Pfizer-Allergan

Ian Read, chairman and CEO of Pfizer, left, and Brent Saunders, president and CEO of Allergan, in front of Pfizer headquarters in New York, on Nov. 23, 2015. They were all smiles then, but the deal didn't go through. Photograph by Bloomberg   Getty Images

It was a "read my lips" sort of moment. In November 2015, when Pfizer CEO Ian Read announced his company's deal to buy Allergan, he stressed that while the $160 billion acquisition would move Pfizer's official headquarters to Ireland, it was not about avoiding U.S. taxes. No, the Pfizer-Allergan combination was highly strategic.  I want to stress that we are not doing this transaction simply as a tax transaction," Read reiterated.

Oh well, if he insists. But in April, just two days after the Treasury Department announced new rules that would significantly limit the tax savings from cross-border deal, the Pfizer-Allergan deal was called off. The cancelation of the deal made it clear that Read didn't really have a vision for how to boost his company's profits other than by cutting taxes. And shareholders have suffered: Despite a late 2016 rally, shares of Pfizer ( pfe ) are stuck roughly where they were when the deal was called off.

Nordstrom-Trunk Club

Shoppers enter a Nordstrom store. Photograph by Scott Olson   Getty Images

In November Nordstrom ( jwn ) admitted it had made a fashion faux pas. The high-end department store announced it was taking a nearly $200 million writedown on Trunk Club, about half of what it had paid for the online shopping service just two years earlier. The deal was meant to jumpstart Nordstrom's presence online. But under Nordstrom's command, the service has never made money. Shortly before Nordstrom bought the company, Trunk Club had started opening up its own physical stores. In hindsight, that should have been a pretty good warning sign that its online strategy wasn't working. Nordstrom will hopefully be a more diligent shopper next time. 
2016-09-16
Here's Why Oppenheimer Raised Price Target for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) As Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) continues to be tied to the solid performance of Alibaba s share price, Oppenheimer analyst Jason Helfstein raised his price target for YHOO to $55 (from $48), while reiterating an Outperform rating for the stock. YHOO stock is currently trading at $43.63, down $0.36 or -0.82%.

Helfstein wrote,  We are increasing our price target to $55, from $48, implying 25% upside potential, on the positive move in Alibaba s share price. We have also incorporated the $4.1B taxable basis of Yahoo! Core, disclosed in the proxy statement, into our analysis. We have no reason to believe at this point Yahoo! s reincorporation into an investment company provides a tax advantage, but it necessary to comply with securities regulation laws. Our long-term thesis assumes that YJ shares are sold in the open market over the next 12-18 months at a 15% discount, with full tax consequences, that the IP portfolio is sold, and that the remaining BABA stake trades un-taxed at 10% discount to the public share price. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Jason Helfstein has a yearly average return of 9.0% and a 56% success rate. Helfstein has a 12.1% average return when recommending YHOO, and is ranked #176 out of 4158 analysts.

Out of the 35 analysts polled by TipRanks, 15 rate Yahoo stock a Buy, 19 rate the stock a Hold and 1 recommends a Sell. With a downside potential of 6%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $41.17.

 Trademarks : Yahoo! Inc wins lawsuit against Indian Firm AFPL The Delhi High Court has recently restrained an Indian firm, M/s Apricot Foods Pvt. Ltd (AFPL) from using the trademark  Yahoo  in relation to any of its products. It is a well known fact that the trademark  Yahoo  is owned by the technology giant, Yahoo Inc., headquartered in Sunnyvale, California,U.S. Yahoo Inc. also known as Yahoo! or YAHOO!, has been using the trademark  Yahoo  since 1994.

This judgment given by the Delhi High Court is a result of the suit which was filed by Yahoo Inc. in 2014 seeking permanent injunction against AFPL from using its trademark. Yahoo Inc. had sought to prevent AFPL, its Director Sanjay Patel and Shri Jee Traders from allegedly using its trademark.

It cannot be denied that Yahoo Inc. is a globally renowned entity which is majorly known for its Web portal, search engine Yahoo! Search, and related services, including Yahoo! Directory, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Groups, Yahoo! Answers, advertising, online mapping, video sharing, fantasy sports and its social media website. It is one of the most popular sites in the world. It is claimed to be one of the highest-read news and media website, with over 7 billion views per month, being the fourth most visited website globally. With such credentials to its name it would have been really difficult for the court to not pass a decree in favor of Yahoo Inc, particularly when it is a matter of trademark infringement as trademarks in the current scenario play a pivotal role in the business growth of an entity.

During the course of the suit AFPL and its Director had neither appeared nor filed written statement before the court. Hence they were proceeded ex-parte. However, Shri Jee Traders submitted an undertaking in the court stating that they were not dealing in any kind of products consisting of the Trademark  Yahoo  and as a result, Yahoo Inc. did not press for damages against them. But Yahoo Inc. took a firm stand against the other two defendants alleging that AFPL had been infringing its trademark and marketing its products under the name  Yahoo Masala Chakra  and  Yahoo Tomato Tangy .

Justice S Muralidhar came to the conclusion that AFPL and its Director have been using the trademark  Yahoo  with respect to their products and have been marketing them under the same brand name resulting in infringement of the trademark of the plaintiff. The court was of the opinion that even if AFPL has been using the mark  Yahoo  in relation to some snack items, it does not negate the fact that defendant s adoption of the mark is undoubtedly dishonest.

As a result, the court issued a decree of permanent injunction restraining AFPL, its principal officers, servants and agents, group/sister concerns/companies from manufacturing, selling, offering for sale, distributing products or offering services, advertising including on the Internet, and in any other manner using the Yahoo trademark or any other deceptively similar mark as part of their product name etc. amounting to infringement of plaintiff s registered trademarks. The Court also directed AFPL and its Director to pay the plaintiff a sum of Rs 32 Lakhs towards damages and a sum of Rs 6.44 Lakhs towards costs incurred by the plaintiff.

Source: 1

Authored By   Nikhil Kumar

Image is in Public Domain. Oasis Outsourcing Announces Acquisition of Controlling Shareholder of Fortune ... WEST PALM BEACH, FL--(Marketwired - September 16, 2016) - Oasis Outsourcing, the nation's largest privately held professional employer organization (PEO), has acquired CEP, Inc., the holder of over ninety-one percent (91%) of the common stock of Fortune Industries, Inc. (OTC PINK: FDVF), a PEO group comprised of Century II, Inc., Employer Solutions Group, Inc., and Professional Staff Management, Inc. The Fortune Industries group is one of the nation's oldest PEO groups and provides full-service human resources and employment-related services to its diverse client base throughout the country. Oasis Outsourcing currently serves almost 6,000 clients and more than 200,000 worksite employees nationwide. This transaction will add over 14,000 worksite employees in 47 states to the Oasis platform. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.

Oasis Outsourcing will promptly take the steps necessary to effect a "short-form" merger of CEP with and into Fortune Industries under Indiana law, without a meeting of Fortune Industries shareholders. This process will include the mailing of a copy and summary of a plan of merger to each record shareholder of Fortune Industries common stock at least 30 days prior to filing the related articles of merger. Upon the closing of the short-form merger, Oasis Outsourcing will acquire all of the remaining shares of Fortune Industries common stock, par value $0.10 per share, for [$0.586] per share in cash. The price per share of Fortune Industries common stock to be paid by Oasis Outsourcing in the short-form merger exceeds the implicit price per share paid for the shares of Fortune Industries common stock indirectly acquired in the acquisition of CEP, Inc., because the shareholders of CEP, Inc. agreed to pay for certain transaction costs and to bear the risk of potential indemnity liabilities. After the completion of the merger, Fortune Industries will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Oasis Outsourcing, and shares of Fortune Industries will no longer be quoted on the OTC Pink platform.

"The addition of Fortune Industries to the Oasis family continues our trend of strategic acquisitions as part of our growth strategy," said Mark Perlberg, President and CEO of Oasis Outsourcing. "The inclusion of Century II, Professional Staff Management and Employer Solutions Group is significant in Oasis' strategy to increase our geographic footprint and cost-efficient client offerings. This acquisition also gives us the opportunity to welcome an experienced and talented team of Fortune Industries professionals to the Oasis organization."

"This is an exciting time for Fortune Industries," said Tena Mayberry, President and CEO of Fortune Industries. "We are known for our high level of customer service and deep commitment to bringing solutions to our clients and their employees, and we've found that Oasis shares the same commitment to client service and innovative solutions. As our companies join together, our clients will find even more value in Oasis' additional product offerings while continuing to enjoy the same high level of service."

The current sales and service team members at Century II, Employer Solutions Group and Professional Staff Management will continue to work out of their existing locations, providing clients with uninterrupted service.

Brown Gibbons Lang & Company served as financial advisor and Bone McAllester Norton PLLC acted as principal legal counsel to CEP and Fortune Industries in this transaction. Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP acted as legal counsel to Oasis Outsourcing.

About Oasis Outsourcing Holdings, Inc.

Oasis Outsourcing is a Florida-based Professional Employer Organization (PEO) serving more than 200,000 employees and 6,000 clients nationwide. Founded in 1996, it specializes in providing human resources services, employee benefits administration, healthcare reform support, payroll and tax administration, risk management services and staffing solutions to small- and medium-sized businesses throughout the United States. Oasis is accredited by the Employer Services Assurance Corporation (ESAC), ensuring the highest level of ethical, financial and operational standards in the PEO industry and has received SOC 1 Type II (formerly SAS 70) certification for its high level of accuracy and performance. Offices are located in Atlanta, GA; Austin, TX; Boca Raton, FL; Boston, MA; Boulder, CO; Charlotte, NC; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Edison, NJ; Hartford, CT; Houston, TX; Indianapolis, IN; Jacksonville, FL; Long Island, NY; Los Angeles, CA; Manhattan, NY; Miami, FL; Minneapolis, MN; Nashville, TN; Orlando, FL; Phoenix, AZ; Queens, NY; San Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Sarasota, FL; St. Louis MO; Tampa, FL; and West Palm Beach, FL. For more information about Oasis Outsourcing, visit www.oasisadvantage.com.

Read More Evolent Health Inc (EVH) CEO Frank J Williams Sold $5.4 million of Shares - By insider





CEO of Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Frank J Williams sold 251,481 shares of EVH on 09/14/2016 at an average price of $21.54 a share. The total sale was $5.4 million.

Evolent Health Inc is engaged in healthcare delivery and payment. It markets and sells its services to providers throughout the United States. Evolent Health Inc has a market cap of $1.38 billion; its shares were traded at around $22.85 with and P/S ratio of 5.08.





CEO Recent Trades:

CEO Frank J Williams sold 251,481 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $21.54. The price of the stock has increased by 6.08% since.

CFO Recent Trades:

CFO Nicholas Mcgrane sold 21,205 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $21.54. The price of the stock has increased by 6.08% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

10% Owner Board Co Advisory sold 1,936,529 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $22.5. The price of the stock has increased by 1.56% since.

Chief Development Officer Steve Wigginton sold 45,760 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $21.54. The price of the stock has increased by 6.08% since.

General Counsel Jonathan Weinberg sold 10,339 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $21.54. The price of the stock has increased by 6.08% since.

Chief Talent Officer Dave Thornton sold 18,393 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $21.54. The price of the stock has increased by 6.08% since.

Chief Technology Officer Chad Pomeroy sold 55,180 shares of EVH stock on 09/14/2016 at the average price of $21.54. The price of the stock has increased by 6.08% since.

For the complete insider trading history of EVH, click here

.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.





 
2016-07-27
Is Twitter The Next Yahoo? Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) issued its 3Q guidance, with revenue growth set to decelerate 4 percent year-on-year and begin to decline in 4Q16.

Morgan Stanley s Brian Nowak maintains an Underweight rating on the company, while lowering the price target to $13.25.

Disappointing Guidance

 TWTR's 2Q:16 results and 3Q:16 guidance highlight our concerns around TWTR's platform monetization limits,  Nowak mentioned, given that the midpoint of 3Q:16 revenue guidance was meaningfully below the estimate and the consensus.

The analyst expressed concern regarding the slowdown in ad revenue growth implied by the 3Q:16 guidance, despite inorganic benefits from the Rio Olympics, NFL streaming and political ad spending.

Related Link: Victor Anthony Downgrades Twitter, Sees Limited Visibility

Twitter attributed the disappointing guidance to  competition for social budgets and above average premium ad unit pricing,  although Nowak pointed out that the company s ads continued to be at a premium price per engagement, as compared to more scaled social competitors.

Nowak also believes the company has  reached a near ceiling on its ability to continue to increase its timeline ad load in the US market...all of which we see leading to materially slower growth ahead. 

Going The Yahoo Way?

For perspective, the analyst noted that Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)'s display revenue started to decline in 4Q:11 and has struggled since then to grow consistently.

If the pace of Twitter s deterioration continues, with ad revenue continuing to decline year-on-year into 2017, it would imply that an acquirer would need to pay 5X the 2017 Morgan Stanley bear case non-GAAP EBITDA for Twitter.

This is roughly comparable to the price Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) recently paid for Yahoo.

At time of writing, Twitter was down 11.11 percent in Wednesday's pre-market session, seen trading at $16.40.

Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro.

Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card!

Latest Ratings for TWTR Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Underweight Feb 2017 Citigroup Downgrades Neutral Sell Feb 2017 Loop Capital Downgrades Hold Sell View More Analyst Ratings for TWTR

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Guidance Short Ideas Price Target Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. The Lesson of Yahoo: Don't Lose Your Focus With Yahoo Inc. s deal to sell its core assets for a mere $4.8 billion, it is easy to forget that it once was more than an internet-industry curiosity.

There was a time when Yahoo made perfect sense. At Yahoo s founding in 1994, no one blinked at the idea of re-creating on the web the  internet portals  that had preceded Yahoo AOL, Prodigy and CompuServe.

As a single website that offered users everything they might want,... 
2016-06-02
Yahoo! Inc.: Softbank Gives More Bad News to YHOO Stock Owners Everyone knows that the overwhelming majority of Yahoo! Inc. s ( YHOO ) valuation is tied to the stake it owns in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ( BABA ).

YHOO owns 384 million shares of BABA, valued at nearly $31 billion. So with a $36 billion market capitalization, YHOO stock owners can conclude that 86% of its valuation is tied to BABA.

This fact is why Yahoo stock looks like a gold mine, because it not only has the Alibaba ownership, but also other valuable assets to consider. Unfortunately, SoftBank Group Corp ( SFTBF ) might have just thrown a big wrench in the 2+2=4 valuation analysis used to conclude that YHOO stock is a great opportunity.

What Did Softbank Do to YHOO Stock?

By now, you have probably heard that Softbank is selling $7.9 billion worth of BABA stock. Softbank, along with Yahoo have the largest ownership stakes in Alibaba. Even after Softbank s divestment, it will still own 28% of Alibaba s shares outstanding.

Regardless, Yahoo has been entertaining a series of bids for its core internet business that reportedly range from $4 to $8 billion. Therefore, it is largely known that Yahoo will divest this core internet unit, and that will leave it with its existing cash and equivalents of $7 billion, a Yahoo! Japan stake valued at $9 billion and the $31 billion BABA stake.

If Yahoo gets $6 billion for its core business, then the collective, 2+2=4, valuation of Yahoo is $53 billion, a 47% premium to YHOO stock price.

However, after last year s shenanigans, we now know that YHOO will not spinoff its 384 million shares of Alibaba. This means that in order for Yahoo stock to realize the full value of its BABA investment, it must find someone who wishes to acquire its stake.

Otherwise, it would have to do the spinoff and potentially be liable for a tax bill upwards of $9 billion. If that happens, the $9 billion payment must be reduced from YHOO stock s sum of parts valuation, putting it at $44 billion, a premium of just 22% for Yahoo stock.

As a result, Yahoo desperately needs someone to purchase its ownership in BABA, and it has been largely considered that either Alibaba or Softbank would be the only eligible suitors.

A couple months ago Robert Willens, an accountant and tax advisor, explained that Verizon Communications Inc. ( VZ ) could buy Yahoo core, YHOO could divest its Alibaba stake and then spin off Yahoo Japan and its cash to form a new company with a special dividend that would cost Yahoo less than $1 billion in tax obligations. The key here is that Alibaba must buy back the 384 million shares, or even Softbank.

Unfortunately, since Softbank is selling nearly $8 billion in Alibaba stock, we can write them off as potential suitors.

Furthermore, the fact that Softbank is preparing to dilute the market by unloading so many shares, suggests that Alibaba may be more inclined to buyback those shares rather than purchase from Yahoo anytime soon.

In other words, Softbank just destroyed any plan that Yahoo may have had to get rid of its BABA ownership without the big tax liability. Looking ahead, it is more likely than not that Yahoo pays billions of dollars to Uncle Sam.

With that said, Yahoo stock has somewhere between 22% and 47% upside, and that s assuming that BABA stock stays around $80.

Most investors would take that return, but the problem is Yahoo s dysfunction at the top, management s inability to make a plan and stick with it, and a lack of faith among investors. Given these new developments, investors are likely best-suited sitting on the sidelines.

As of this writing, Brian Nichols does not own any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Yahoo: Make 20% from a Stock Back in Balance (YHOO) [OPINION: The views expressed by Investopedia columnists are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the website.]

Yahoo, Inc. (YHOO) shares have exhibited higher than usual volatility recently. Some reports suggest that the wave of potential buyers of the Yahoo core business have indicated a lower than previously-reported bid price. Other sources, like CNBC's David Faber, suggested those reports were incorrect. This noise is likely to continue in the near-term. There is a healthy amount of positioning among the interested bidders, set against the backdrop of Yahoo Core fundamentals that are trending far weaker than many interested parties had expected. Those bidders with the greatest amount of interest in buying the Yahoo Core would have an incentive to talk down the value of those assets. Current Yahoo investors, including Jeff Smith's Starboard Value activist fund, would have an interest in maximizing the value realized by the sales process. The truth, for those who care to do the work: the $4-$6 per YHOO share that Yahoo could net (after tax) for its Core business pales in comparison to the value of the other parts. Here is what we know and don't know:

What We Know:

* The combined value of Yahoo's two major equity holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan is $38 billion pre-tax and $23 billion post-tax. This is comprised of 385 million shares of Alibaba Group (BABA), worth $29.3 billion pre-tax and $17.6 billion after tax, or around $18.50 per YHOO share, plus for Yahoo Japan, another $9 billion pre-tax and $5.4 billion after tax, or $5.13 per Yahoo share. Yahoo tried (unsuccessfully) to spin this stake off in a tax-free manner, but after many months/years of work, could not find a way to make this happen. The $15 billion tax liability is not likely to abate, even if Yahoo can spin off the core business. That essentially means that Softbank and Alibaba are the best buyers of those shares. And that means that those corporate entities will be able to buy those shares back at a discount. Even Softbank, Alibaba's largest shareholder, had to accept a 7.5% discount (from the $80 price before the deal to trim its stake was announced) to sell a portion of its BABA back to Alibaba and opportunistic sovereign wealth funds.

* Net cash and marketable securities is $6 billion, after backing out convertible debt. There may be real estate, patents, and other assets that could fetch another $1.5 billion net of taxes. Other assets (net cash plus other) totals $7.5 billion.

* In my view, the core business, which attracts a disproportionate percentage of news headlines, could still fetch $4 billion from private equity, in its current state of disrepair. Verizon could afford to pay much more, due to the ability to drive at least an additional $1 billion in cost savings from overlapping infrastructure with AOL. If Verizon bids the most, one could see $5 billion or so from the core business pre-tax and $4 billion post-tax.

* The total value from the sum of parts is the range of $36 per Yahoo share, assuming the Asian stakes are taxed at the 40.5% corporate rate. The shares, at $36.65 per share, seem to already reflect this valuation. The argument for a much higher sum-of-parts likely comes from lower tax rates, the lack of an illiquidity discount, or some argument that has Alibaba's fundamental outlook improving from current levels.

What We Don't Know:

* How Alibaba (the company or the stock) will fare in the next year, with continued headwinds in the Chinese economy.

* Whether Alibaba and Softbank, the only real buyers of the BABA and Yahoo Japan shares, will be able to buy back those stakes in such a way that Yahoo's current shareholders can avoid corporate tax. Is there an equity swap and stock dividend of someone else's stock in the future? And if there were such a tax-efficient solution, what kind of a discount off the gross $38 billion in equity value would benefit Yahoo shareholders, as opposed to the shareholders of Alibaba and Softbank?

* If Alibaba has any controls or approval rights over the transfer/sale of Yahoo's shares in Alibaba. The more controls that Alibaba has in directing the re-sale of its shares, the more value will accrue to BABA shareholders, not Yahoo shareholders.

How to maximize the value of your Yahoo shares if you already own the stock:

The conflicting reports of the value of Yahoo's core make some sense. The upside beyond the low $40s is likely limited in the near-term. But the overwhelming majority (~90%) of the value in the sum-of-parts comes from the value of cash, other assets, and the value of the Asian equity stakes. I purchased some Yahoo shares that I in the mid-$40s a long while ago, so my goal is to minimize my long term investment losses by holding the equity, while also using options to accentuate the return. Here is how I am approaching that:

* The upside is limited in most scenarios, perhaps to the low $40s. Selling upside calls would make sense. August $42 calls could fetch $0.98.

* The downside is limited in most scenarios as well, with $32 strike puts through August making some sense as well, and also worth $0.93.

* Combined, the equity strangle (sell upside call, sell upside put below) could generate $1.91 in premium, or 5.2% for 3 months, while also maintaining the 14.5% upside to $42. 5% for three months to wait, with the potential for another 15% move if all goes well.

Disclosures: At the time of the writing, the author owned shares of Yahoo and Alibaba. AT&T's Interest in Yahoo May Doom Private Equity's Buying Hopes AT&T Inc. s decision to pursue Yahoo! Inc. could be a death knell to efforts by private equity firms hoping to acquire the beleaguered internet company.

The telecommunication giant s presence puts pressure not just on Verizon Communications Inc. and Quicken Loans Inc. founder Dan Gilbert -- backed by Warren Buffett -- to raise their offers. It also adds another deep-pocketed strategic company to the mix of bidders for Yahoo s core web assets.

Private equity firms, which often rely heavily on debt to finance buyouts, realize they would struggle to win a bidding war with well-capitalized acquirers while still generating the types of returns demanded by their investors, according to people familiar with the situation, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.

Yahoo s core assets could fetch at least $4.5 billion, or six times adjusted earnings, according to Jason Helfstein, an analyst with Oppenheimer & Co.

Given Yahoo s declining profitability and revenue, lenders aren t likely to provide financing of more than four times adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, appreciation and amortization, people familiar with the matter said. Yahoo projects adjusted Ebitda of $700 million to $800 million this year. Using the midpoint of the range implies a ceiling of about $2.5 billion in debt based on that multiple.

Because buyouts are typically structured as two-thirds debt to give private equity firms a 20 percent return on investment, the firms will find it difficult to bid much more than $4 billion for the company, even allowing for their backers to make a co-investment contribution.

Declining Asset

Those firms can better compete with corporate suitors for a target business that s growing. In Yahoo s case, it s an asset whose value is declining. While buyout firms do buy declining assets, it s usually once strategic suitors have passed.

 A corporate buyer is in a more strategic position to win this asset,  Helfstein said.  I think ultimately this will get sold at some type of valuation that will make sense for the company. 

Yahoo s adjusted Ebitda was about $950 million in 2015 -- a decline of about 30 percent from the previous year. Revenue, minus sales passed onto partners, fell 7 percent last year.

TPG, Bain





Still, TPG, Bain Capital, Vista Equity Partners, Apax Partners and others are continuing to pursue the web portal during the sale process, said the people familiar with the matter. Second-round bids are due next week and a winner could be chosen in early July, people with knowledge of the matter said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

No decision has been made, and it s possible that AT&T, Verizon and Gilbert could walk away or decide not to bid aggressively. Suitors also could team up. One group financed by Bain and Vista Equity submitted a first-round bid for Yahoo, people familiar with the matter said at the time. While joining together helps private equity firms lessen the risk for each party, the overall math would be the same from a return perspective.

 The sheer size of the equity check in this scenario may rule out solely a PE bid and may be easier for a hybrid PE/strategic bidder,  Robert Peck, an analyst at Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Inc., said in a report Wednesday.

A spokeswoman for Yahoo declined to comment. Representatives for TPG and Apax declined to comment, while spokesmen for Vista and Bain didn t respond to requests for comment.

Ready Cash

Verizon has $5.8 billion in cash and had a market value of about $206 billion at the close Wednesday, while AT&T has $10 billion and $239 billion, respectively.

Both companies could accelerate growth by combining Yahoo products with the devices and services the telecommunications companies already sell. For example, Verizon could add Yahoo to its digital video lineup or place the portal s content on a smartphone.

At the same time, both companies already have key corporate expenses that could be taken out of Yahoo, such as human resources, finance and communications. Private equity wouldn t be able to remove those functions wholesale.

Verizon went through this process recently, paying about $4 billion for AOL Inc., a longtime rival of Yahoo, just last year. The company, which had said it would be open to looking at Yahoo if it were for sale, submitted a first-round proposal, people familiar with the matter said in April.

Both telecoms could benefit from the infusion of online users. Yahoo still boasts about 1 billion, putting it among the largest online players in the world.

Privacy Benefit

And both companies could tuck Yahoo away within their quarterly earnings results, choosing not to break out the relatively small earnings the company may generate in the near term. This could help give Yahoo the cover it needs to refocus.

That s something the private equity firms also offer: financial sponsors could restructure the business more quickly, unencumbered by pressure for top-line growth or to consider earnings per share.

Yahoo -- more than three years into a turnaround process under Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer -- put itself up for sale in February.

Amid Yahoo s profit and revenue declines, Mayer pushed back earlier this year and announced a shake-up to slash costs with hundreds of layoffs, several office closures and product shut-downs. Adjusted profit still fell in the first quarter.

During a call with analysts amid the cuts, Mayer talked about the sale process and said the benefits from the right transaction could deliver  strategic synergies  and accelerate growth.

 We ve been very thoughtful about running a high-quality process, designed to keep interested parties engaged and highlight the tremendous value in Yahoo,  she said. 
2016-10-21
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AT&T, Chesapeake, Lululemon, Microsoft ... Stocks were indicated lower on Friday as earnings looked mixed. So far, earnings season has gotten off to a decent start, and investors still seem willing and able to buy each pullback. This appetite for stocks is despite high valuations and a seven-and-a-half-year-old bull market. Investors are also looking for new ideas to generate gains or income ahead.

24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each morning. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst research reports cover stocks to buy, and some feature stocks to sell or avoid.

These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Friday morning:

AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) was reiterated as Buy with a $48 price target (versus a $39.38 prior close) at Jefferies. The firm sees a Time Warner merger as unlikely. Wedbush Securities reiterated its Neutral rating on Time Warner but said its view of a merger is low. AT&T has a 52-week trading range of $32.22 to $43.89 and a consensus analyst price target of $42.61.

Chesapeake Energy Corp. (NYSE: CHK) had its investor day on Thursday. Merrill Lynch raised its rating to Neutral from Underperform with a $10 price objective, and Nomura raised its rating to Neutral from Reduce. The 52-week range is $1.50 to $8.15, and the consensus price target is $6.50.

Lululemon Athletica Inc. (NASDAQ: LULU) was maintained as Hold at Jefferies, but the price target was cut to $61 from $76 (versus a $58.58 close). It has a 52-week range of $43.14 to $81.81 and consensus price target of $70.66.

Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) was hitting new all-time highs and up 5.85% at $60.60 on Friday after earnings beat expectations. The stock was raised to Outperform from Market Perform by William Blair. Jefferies maintained its Underperform rating but raised its target to $43 from $40. The previous 52-week range is $48.04 to $58.70, and the consensus price target of $59.79.

PayPal Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: PYPL) was reiterated as Buy with a $48 price target (versus a $40.24 close) at Jefferies. Stifel raised it to Buy from Hold. Wedbush reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its price target to $54 from $50. Credit Suisse reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its target price to $47 from $43. PayPal has a 52-week range of $30.52 to $41.75 and consensus price target of $44.94.

Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) was started with a Neutral rating and assigned a $73 price target (versus a $68.73 close) at Piper Jaffray. The 52-week range is $67.07 to $73.19. The consensus price target is $74.92.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies. What is interesting here is that there is still upside called for with a price target of $48, and the firm sees an upside to $66 and a downside to $30. Yahoo has a 52-week range of $26.15 to $44.92 and a consensus price target of $45.28.

You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if you want the daily analyst calls and research updates directly on your Twitter feed.

Other key analyst upgrades and downgrades were seen as follows: j2 Global, Inc.'s Ziff Davis Announces Agreement to Acquire Everyday Health NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

j2 Global, Inc. and Ziff Davis, LLC, a leading digital media company in the technology, gaming and lifestyle categories, today announced that Ziff Davis has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire Everyday Health, Inc. (EVDY), a leading provider of digital health marketing and communications solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, Ziff Davis will acquire Everyday Health for $10.50 per share in cash, representing an approximate enterprise value of $465 million. Ziff Davis comprises the Digital Media Division of j2 Global, Inc.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161021005489/en/

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Ziff Davis will commence a tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Everyday Health for $10.50 per share in cash followed by a merger in which each remaining untendered share of Everyday Health common stock would be converted into the right to receive the same $10.50 cash per share consideration as in the tender offer. The transaction is conditioned upon satisfaction of the minimum tender condition, which requires that shares representing more than 50 percent of Everyday Health s common shares be tendered, and is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.

Information About Forward-Looking Statements

This document contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on j2 s estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning j2 s possible or assumed future results of operations and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   hopes  or similar expressions. j2 s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to the risk that the acquisition will not close when expected or at all; the risk that Ziff Davis  business and/or Everyday Health s business will be adversely impacted during the pendency of or following the acquisition and the risk that the operations of the two companies will not be integrated successfully. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect j2 s future operations, see Part II, Item 1A -  Risk Factors  of the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (if any) j2 has filed or will file hereafter and in Part I, Item 1A -  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (together, the  Risk Factors ), and the factors discussed in the sections in j2 s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q entitled  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. j2 undertakes no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. Readers should carefully review the Risk Factors and the risk factors set forth in other documents j2 files from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).

Additional Information

The tender offer described in this communication (the  Offer ) has not yet commenced, and this communication is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of the common stock of Everyday Health or any other securities. This communication is for informational purposes only. The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from, or on behalf of, holders of shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the tender offer or the acceptance thereof would not comply with the laws of that jurisdiction. On the commencement date of the Offer, a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including an offer to purchase, a letter of transmittal and related documents, will be filed with the SEC. The offer to purchase shares of Everyday Health common stock will only be made pursuant to the offer to purchase, the letter of transmittal and related documents filed as a part of the Schedule TO. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ BOTH THE TENDER OFFER STATEMENT AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT REGARDING THE OFFER, AS THEY MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. The tender offer statement will be filed with the SEC by Purchaser, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ziff Davis and Ziff Davis, and the solicitation/recommendation statement will be filed with the SEC by Everyday Health. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of these statements (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or by directing such requests to the Information Agent for the tender offer that will be named in the tender offer statement.

Read More 
2016-11-08
Earthstone Energy, Inc. and Bold Energy III LLC Announce Strategic Combination Earthstone Energy, Inc. Establishes Significant Operated Footprint in the Midland Basin

THE WOODLANDS, TX AND MIDLAND, TX / ACCESSWIRE / November 8, 2016 / Earthstone Energy, Inc. (NYSE MKT: ESTE) ("Earthstone") and Bold Energy III LLC ("Bold"), a portfolio company of EnCap Investments L.P. ("EnCap"), today announced that they have entered into a definitive contribution agreement (the "Agreement") under which Earthstone will acquire all of the outstanding membership interests of Bold, inclusive of producing assets and undeveloped acreage, in an "Up-C" transaction (the "Transaction").

Upon completion of the Transaction, current Earthstone stockholders will own approximately 39% of the combined company, and Bold members will own the remaining 61% on a fully diluted basis. See "Transaction Details" and "Approvals" below.

The Transaction represents a transformational shift for Earthstone to a high-growth, Midland Basin-focused operating company. The existing Earthstone management team, including President and CEO, Frank A. Lodzinski, will lead the combined company. The combined company will maintain its headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas, and maintain an office in Midland, Texas, to provide for a seamless integration and development of Bold's considerable, operated Midland Basin acreage position.

Highlights of Bold's asset base and operations include:

Please see the Transaction presentation on Earthstone's website, www.earthstoneenergy.com, for more details on Bold's assets.

Highlights of the combined company include:

Frank A. Lodzinski, President and CEO of Earthstone, commented, "The Transaction is truly a transformative business combination that will allow Earthstone's stockholders to enjoy the benefits of a much larger company that is still driven by a management team that has repeatedly proven itself in the public marketplace. Having successfully executed three meaningful transactions since December 2014, Earthstone continues to rapidly increase its production, reserves, and drilling inventory. The combination currently adds over 500 gross operated high potential proved and probable locations to our drilling inventory. We expect the number of locations to increase with further de-risking of Spraberry and Wolfcamp intervals. Additionally, we are excited about the upside in reserves and returns being realized from on-going improvements in completion techniques. We will immediately begin to integrate the operations and activities of the companies while we continue our pursuit of additional opportunities. We intend to continue our growth in the Permian basin via direct leasing, development, and M&A activities."

Mr. Lodzinski further stated "We expect to issue 2017 company-wide guidance and a capital expenditure budget in early 2017 that will include significant capital devoted to the Midland Basin. Bold is currently running a one-rig program, and the combined company may add a second rig in the Midland Basin after the closing of this transaction, which is expected in the first quarter of 2017. With this combination, our strategic focus is clearly directed toward further building our operated asset base in the Permian Basin. Our Eagle Ford and Bakken assets provide a strong source of cash flow to support a significant combined borrowing base and to fund our acquisition and development activities. As we proceed to closing, we will further refine our capital allocation initiatives and advise the market appropriately".

Read More

Joseph L. Castillo, President of Bold, commented, "Since April 2013, despite the significant downturn in commodity prices affecting the industry, we have established a production base and a significant acreage position in the core of the Midland Basin. We look forward to combining with Earthstone to continue the development of our acreage in Midland, Upton, and Reagan counties. Reagan County, in particular, has tremendous potential as we continue to drive down well costs and improve upon horizontal completion practices. We look forward to integrating our team into the combined company to advance our collective interests and portfolio of projects. I firmly believe this transaction will provide significant growth potential and is a path towards enhancing shareholder value."

Transaction Details

The Transaction has been organized in a manner commonly known as an "Up-C" structure. Under this structure and the Agreement, Earthstone will recapitalize its common stock into two classes   Class A and Class B, and all its existing outstanding common stock will be converted into Class A common stock. Bold will purchase approximately 36.1 million shares of Earthstone's Class B common stock for nominal consideration, with the Class B common stock having no economic rights in Earthstone other than voting rights on a pari passu basis with the Class A common stock. In addition, Earthstone has formed Earthstone Energy Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (" EEH" ). At closing, EEH will issue approximately 22.3 million of its membership units to Earthstone and one of Earthstone's wholly-owned subsidiaries, in the aggregate, and 36.1 million membership units to Bold in exchange for each of the parties transferring all their assets to EEH. Each membership unit in EEH held by Bold, together with one share of Bold's Class B common stock, will be convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Therefore, upon the closing of the transaction, stockholders of Earthstone and unitholders of Bold are expected to own approximately 39% and 61%, respectively, of the combined company's then outstanding Class A and Class B common stock on a fully diluted basis. After closing, Earthstone will conduct its activities through EEH and be its sole managing member. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017.

Approvals

A special committee of the board of directors of Earthstone has independently approved and recommended the Transaction to the full board of directors of Earthstone, which has unanimously approved the Agreement. The Transaction is further subject to the majority approval of Earthstone stockholders, including a majority of disinterested stockholders, as well as other customary approvals.

Complete details of the terms of the Transaction are set out in the Agreement, which will be filed by Earthstone and will be available for viewing under its profile at www.sec.gov.

Conference Call

In connection with Earthstone's third quarter 2016 conference call scheduled for Wednesday, November 9, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern (9:00 a.m. Central), members of the Earthstone and Bold management teams will discuss the proposed Transaction. Investors may participate in the conference call via telephone by dialing 877-407-8035 for domestic callers or 201-689-8035 for international callers, and, in both cases, asking for the Earthstone conference. A replay of the call will be available on Earthstone's website and by telephone until 11:59 p.m. Eastern (10:59 p.m. Central), Wednesday, November 23, 2016. The number for the replay is 877-481-4010 for domestic calls or 919-882-2331 for international calls, using Replay ID: 10135.

A profile of the proposed Transaction has been posted to Earthstone's website at www.earthstoneenergy.com.

Advisors

Stephens Inc. acted as independent financial advisor and provided a fairness opinion to the special committee of the board of directors of Earthstone. Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. acted as financial advisor to Bold. Legal advisors included Richards, Layton & Finger for the special committee of the board of directors of Earthstone, Jones & Keller, P.C. for Earthstone, and Latham & Watkins LLP for Bold.

About Earthstone

Earthstone Energy, Inc. is a growth-oriented independent oil and gas exploration and production company engaged in developing and acquiring oil and gas reserves through an active and diversified program that includes acquiring, drilling and developing undeveloped leases, asset and corporate acquisitions and exploration activities, with its primary assets located in the Eagle Ford trend of south Texas, the Midland Basin of west Texas, and the Williston Basin of North Dakota. Earthstone is traded on NYSE MKT under the symbol "ESTE."

Information on Earthstone can be found at www.earthstoneenergy.com. Earthstone's corporate headquarters is located in The Woodlands, Texas.

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Statements that are not strictly historical statements constitute forward-looking statements and may often, but not always, be identified by the use of such words such as "expects," "believes," "intends," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "potential," "possible," or "probable" or statements that certain actions, events or results "may," "will," "should," or "could" be taken, occur or be achieved. The forward-looking statements include statements about the expected benefits of the proposed Transaction to Earthstone and its stockholders, the anticipated completion of the proposed Transaction or the timing thereof, the expected future reserves, production, financial position, business strategy, revenues, earnings, costs, capital expenditures and debt levels of the combined company, and plans and objectives of management for future operations. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and analyses made by Earthstone and its management in light of experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will conform to expectations is subject to a number of material risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: the ability to obtain stockholder and regulatory approvals of the proposed Transaction; the ability to complete the proposed Transaction on anticipated terms and timetable; Earthstone's ability to integrate its combined operations successfully after the Transaction and achieve anticipated benefits from it; the possibility that various closing conditions for the Transaction may not be satisfied or waived; risks relating to any unforeseen liabilities of Earthstone or Bold; declines in oil, natural gas liquids or natural gas prices; the level of success in exploration, development and production activities; adverse weather conditions that may negatively impact development or production activities; the timing of exploration and development expenditures; inaccuracies of reserve estimates or assumptions underlying them; revisions to reserve estimates as a result of changes in commodity prices; impacts to financial statements as a result of impairment write-downs; risks related to level of indebtedness and periodic redeterminations of the borrowing base under Earthstone's credit agreement; Earthstone's ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet the internally funded portion of its capital expenditures budget; Earthstone's ability to obtain external capital to finance exploration and development operations and acquisitions; the ability to successfully complete any potential asset dispositions and the risks related thereto; the impacts of hedging on results of operations; uninsured or underinsured losses resulting from oil and natural gas operations; Earthstone's ability to replace oil and natural gas reserves; and any loss of senior management or technical personnel. Earthstone's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, recent current reports on Form 8-K, and other Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings discuss some of the important risk factors identified that may affect Earthstone's business, results of operations, and financial condition. Earthstone and Bold undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements except as required by law.

Additional Information About the Proposed Transaction

This release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of a vote or proxy.

In connection with the proposed Transaction, Earthstone will file with the SEC and mail to its security holders a proxy statement and other relevant documents. WE URGE INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION about Earthstone and the proposed transaction. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain these materials (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC free of charge at the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the proxy statement (when it becomes available) may be obtained free of charge from Earthstone's website at www.earthstoneenergy.com. Investors and security holders may also read and copy any reports, statements and other information filed by Earthstone, with the SEC, at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or visit the SEC's website for further information on its public reference room. In addition, the documents filed with the SEC by Earthstone can be obtained free of charge from Earthstone's website at www.earthstoneenergy.com or by contacting Earthstone by mail at 1400 Woodloch Forest Drive, Suite 300, The Woodlands, TX, 77380, or by telephone at 281-298-4246.

Participants in the Solicitation

Earthstone and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed Transaction. Information regarding Earthstone's directors and executive officers is available in its proxy statement filed with the SEC by Earthstone on October 4, 2016 in connection with its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available.

This release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

Contact

Neil K. Cohen

Vice President, Finance and Treasurer

Earthstone Energy, Inc.

1400 Woodloch Forest Drive, Suite 300

The Woodlands, TX 77380

281-298-4246

SOURCE: Earthstone Energy, Inc. CannaSys, Inc. Announces Launch of Citizen Toke in Time for Holidays Company Hires Patrick Burke as Chief Operating Officer to Focus on Product Development

DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / November 8, 2016 / CannaSys, Inc. (MJTKD), a leading marketing, branding and technology company focused on the regulated cannabis industry, today announced it plans to launch its core product, Citizen Toke, into the Colorado market in time for Thanksgiving.

Additionally, the Company has hired Patrick Burke, an alumnus of University of Colorado at Boulder and a Penn State MBA, as its Chief Operating Officer. Patrick is a strong addition to the core team and is spearheading product development and product launch.

Citizen Toke is a mobile web based platform that communicates deals and distributes coupons to cannabis consumers and patients through a unique text message based system. The system is designed not only to enhance consumer's retail experience but also provide incentive for consumers to download and redeem coupons in a timely manner.

Since closing on the acquisition of Citizen Toke from Betakillers, LLC in August 2016, CannaSys has executed a recapitalization and had not been able to finance the launch of its Citizen Toke product. The Company emerged from recapitalization on October 17, 2016 and has since been focused on market penetration of Citizen Toke. The Company has substantial demand for the product in Colorado as well as California, where we will all be watching the elections closely on November 8.

Michael Tew, CannaSys CEO noted, "We are excited to bring Patrick Burke on board to manage the launch of Citizen Toke during this crucial holiday period. Patrick has the right experience in both marketing and product development to help ensure a successful launch period for our core product."

"I am delighted with the opportunity to join CannaSys, particularly during this key holiday season," said Patrick Burke, newly appointed COO of CannaSys. "I look forward to working closely with the Company's CEO, Michael Tew, and the Betakillers team as we execute our plan to accelerate user adoption alongside our beta launch partners in Colorado."

About CannaSys, Inc .

CannaSys is a leading technology solutions, marketing, and branding company in the regulated cannabis industry. Its core products are delivered "software as a service" to facilitate point-of-purchase transactions, customer relationship marketing solutions, and regulated cannabis laboratory information management systems. CannaSys plans to develop, acquire, and build strategic relationships with other businesses in order to bring additional solutions to market in both established and developing medical and recreational cannabis states. For more information, please visit www.cannasys.com

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This release includes forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, continued acceptance of CannaSys's products, increased levels of competition for CannaSys, new products and technological changes, CannaSys's dependence on third-party suppliers, and other risks detailed from time to time in CannaSys's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Contact:

CannaSys, Inc.

Michael A. Tew

Chief Executive Officer

Tel: 720.420.1290

Email: michael.tew@cannasys.com

Web: www.cannasys.com

SOURCE: CannaSys, Inc. 
2016-09-24
Yahoo! now hit with class-action lawsuits over failure to secure customer data San Francisco: Yahoo! Inc. is being accused in lawsuits of failing to secure customer data after the company said the personal information of at least 500 million users was stolen in a 2014 hack.

As a result of the company s  failure to establish and implement basic data security protocols, contrary to Yahoo s guarantees, its users  personal information is now in the hands of criminals and/or enemies of the US,  according to the latest complaint, filed Friday in federal court in San Jose, California.

The case was filed by a New York resident and seeks class-action status on behalf of other Yahoo users. Similar cases have been filed in Illinois and San Diego.

The disclosure of the data theft comes at a particularly sensitive time for chief executive officer Marissa Mayer, as she navigates the company toward a planned $4.8 billion acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc., set to close by early next year.

Mayer, who has dealt with difficulties and complaints about Yahoo s e-mail service in the past, needs to keep users logging in to drive traffic and draw the advertising that fuels the company s revenue growth, which has been sluggish under her leadership.

Also read: Yahoo pressed to explain huge  state sponsored  hack

Yahoo spokesman Charles Stewart declined to comment on the San Jose complaint.

Compromised accounts

Plaintiff Ronald Schwartz is asking the court to require Yahoo to compensate users for any damages resulting from fraud and to pay for measures to identify and safeguard compromised accounts.

Schwartz slammed Yahoo for failing to discover the data breach until a few months ago.

 Defendant s misconduct was so bad that it evidently allowed unauthorized and malicious access to plaintiff s and the class s personal information on defendant s computer systems to continue unimpeded for nearly two years,  according to the complaint.

The attacker was a  state-sponsored actor,  and stolen information may include names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, dates of birth, encrypted passwords and, in some cases, un-encrypted security questions and answers, Yahoo said Thursday in a statement.

The continuing investigation doesn t indicate theft of payment card data or bank account information, or unprotected passwords, the company said. Affected users are being notified, accounts are being secured, and there s no evidence the attacker is still in the network, Yahoo also said.

The case is Schwartz v. Yahoo! Inc., 5:16-cv-05456, US District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose). Bloomberg Yahoo Breach Fallout Draws Verizon Buyout Concerns Yahoo Breach Fallout Draws Verizon Buyout Concerns

Law360, New York (September 23, 2016, 10:58 PM EDT) -- Yahoo's revelation Thursday that a 2014 cyberattack had compromised data tied to at least 500 million user accounts raises a host of questions about the company's data security and future financial health that are likely to be of great interest to not just class action plaintiffs and regulators, but also to its prospective buyer Verizon.



Less than 24 hours after Yahoo made the headline-grabbing disclosure that names, hashed passwords and other account data tied to at least 500 million users had been stolen from its network in late...

To view the full article, register now. Yahoo Data Breach Was Likely Perpetrated at One Point of Failure Network equipment vendors that are focusing on security in the data center and cloud may be ahead of the curve. Case in point: Yahoo revealed yesterday that 500 million of its accounts were compromised in 2014. The unknown culprit gained information about Yahoo users  names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, and answers to security questions.

A cybersecurity analyst at Flashpoint says it was a database breach across all Yahoo integrations, including clouds. Further, Yahoo blames the breach on  state-sponsored  actors, and Vitali Kremez, the cyber intelligence senior analyst we spoke to at Flashpoint, agrees.

He bases that determination on the fact that even though the breach occurred in 2014, the stolen data had not surfaced in any dark marketplace, until possibly in August 2016.  The motive is likely not financial, says Kremez.  It s likely to be espionage. 

Asked if Yahoo could have done anything to prevent this, Kremez says the search engine company probably adhered to general security practices such as having a dedicated security team, maintaining a robust patch management system, reviewing logs, and isolating its databases.

But the breach is so egregious, Kremez says,  It s almost like they stole the grand piano from the house while the family was home.  The breach probably derived from  a single point of failure,  he says. If a company stores all its data in one location,  it becomes a treasure box for criminals. 

Companies that practice superior cyber hygiene separate data for each user, spreading it across data center assets. That way, if a culprit obtains some information, such as names and emails, he doesn t also obtain the security answers.

Eric Chiu, president of HyTrust, a company that does workload security, says 500 million records is such a huge amount of data that it could only be stolen if someone had access on Yahoo s network with admin credentials. Hackers gain this access by using  social engineering  to trick employees into providing network information. Or they gain access by using malware.

 Given the amount of data, the attacker was on the network for a significant amount of time,  says Chiu.

Why Didn t Yahoo Encrypt?

Chiu says companies should encrypt their data. That way, even if the data is stolen, it s useless.

HyTrust recently conducted a survey of 400 attendees at the VMworld show in Las Vegas and found that 28 percent of respondents didn t do any encryption in the public cloud.

Yahoo s data centers would be part of its private cloud. But Chiu says,  There s a juxtaposition about how they re concerned with security, but the priorities and monies aren t being spent accordingly. 

Both Chiu and Kremez agree that companies don t take available security precautions because they cost money and don t bring in revenue.

However, the New York Times reported that the cost to remediate a data breach is $221 per stolen record. So in Yahoo s case, that would top its $4.8 billion sales price to Verizon. And this breach might even jeopardize the sale.

What do state-sponsored actors do with identifying data from 500 million accounts if they re not selling them? Kremez says they cull the data to exploit high-value individuals such as C-level executives and politicians   impersonating them, harvesting their personal information, and orchestrating further attacks.

And when they re done with an account, they might sell it on the dark market. Snapchat is now called Snap Inc. and will sell its Spectacles for $129 Snapchat's name has disappeared.

On Friday, the company announced in a Wall Street Journal article that it was changing its name to Snap Inc.

The name is more fitting since the company is now more than just a social app, CEO Evan Spiegel told The Journal.

Snapchat is now branching into new territory: smart sunglasses.

Called Spectacles, the pairs will sell for $129   but it's only a limited distribution.

Hours before The Journal's article, Business Insider obtained and published the first video of its new glasses, which hinted that the company would be changing its name.

According to The Journal, the Snapchat Spectacles record 10-second clips of video through their 115-degree-angle lens, which makes it closer to the human eye instead of traditional cameras. The glasses record the video in a circular field instead of the usual rectangle or square and can then wirelessly transfer it your phone, so you can share it with your friends on Snapchat.

The glasses will come in three colors: black, teal, and coral. Snapchat has spent years developing the glasses, but Spiegel referred to them as a "toy," telling The Journal,  We re going to take a slow approach to rolling them out.  Spiegel added:  It s about us figuring out if it fits into people s lives and seeing how they like it. 

Billboards are already springing up for the glasses, suggesting they'll launch very soon.

Here's an excerpt from the video Business Insider obtained earlier:

View photos

NOW WATCH: How to Snapchat from over 20,000 feet   as told by the Everest climbers that just did it





More From Business Insider

 
2016-08-03
Ami James Brands, Inc. Appoints Matthew Kirsh as First Strategic Advisory ... MIAMI, FL--(Marketwired - Aug 3, 2016) - Ami James Brands, Inc. ( OTCQB : AJBI ) ("Ami James Brands" or "Company"), a licensing and brand management company with its core business rooted in the tattoo industry, is pleased to announce it has appointed Matthew Kirsh, business development manager and branding specialist for White Paper Company, to its first strategic advisory board position. Mr. Kirsh's main focus will be to develop a cross platform line of products, accessories, and promotional products for the Company. Mr. Kirsh and his associates have established White Paper Co. as one of the largest promotional product companies in North America, currently supplying brands including Nike, Adidas, 3M, HP, and Canon.

"We are happy to have Matthew and the skills that he brings to the table along with his ability to reach out to the largest possible audience for our developing products. Matthew has a very strong understanding and background in logistics and distribution which is integral to the success of a growing a business both domestically and internationally," commented Ira Morris, of Ami James Brands.

"Anytime a company has the opportunity to work with someone that has built their company into the 'top 50 private companies in Canada' and has relationships with Fortune 500 companies like Nike, Adidas, Xerox, 3M, and Canon you jump at the opportunity to monetize those relationships and experiences. He obviously had a successful vision of starting from just a concept to a well-respected individual and company in his established field, we know that we can bring that experience into the fold at Ami James Brands and that is truly invaluable."

Mr. Morris concluded, "White Paper Co. is recognized as one of Canada's Top 50 best managed private companies. Knowing this, we felt confident that Matthew and his team were the right choice to help us identify new opportunities, and it certainly doesn't hurt that Matthew is also a tattoo aficionado and enthusiast."

White Paper Co. has been recognized as one of the "Best Places to Work" from 2012-2015 and has recently been recognized as one of the 50 Fastest Growing Companies (2015) in Counselor magazine published by the Advertising Specialty Institute.

About Ami James Brands, Inc. (AJBI)

Ami James Brands, Inc. is a licensing and brand management company with its core business rooted in the tattoo industry. From apparel and fashion, to consolidating the fragmented tattoo industry, artist and entrepreneur Ami James is arguably the most recognizable face in the tattoo world. The Company is based in Miami, Florida, the home of the legendary "Miami Ink" tattoo studio, the Love Hate Social Club.

For additional information regarding Ami James Brands, Inc. visit www.amijamesbrands.com.

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements in this news release may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of Rule 175 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules. All statements, other than statements of fact, included in this release, including, without limitation, statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the Company, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company undertakes no duty to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. 
2016-12-29
Robbins Arroyo LLP: comScore, Inc. (SCOR) Misled Shareholders According to a ... SAN DIEGO & RESTON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP announces that a lawsuit was filed on behalf of comScore, Inc. (SCOR) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The plaintiff brings the complaint on behalf of comScore against the members of its current board of directors and certain of its current and/or former senior directors and executives, for alleged violations of federal and state law. comScore provides digital media analytics products and services for content publishers, advertisers, advertising agencies, and network operators primarily in the United States, Canada, Europe, Latin America, and Asia.

View this information on the law firm's Shareholder Rights Blog:

www.robbinsarroyo.com/shareholders-rights-blog/comscore-inc-dec-2016

comScore Officials Accused of Breaching Their Fiduciary Duties

According to the complaint, since 2013, comScore officials engaged in a scheme to overstate the company's publicly reported financial results in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") and to operate without effective internal controls to facilitate the false reporting. In addition, comScore's scheme allegedly enabled it to file false and misleading statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and to permit certain of its current and former executives to profit from the misconduct. In fact, the complaint alleges that comScore officials improperly booked more than $43 million in revenue from nonmonetary transactions. Further, comScore's overstatement of its billings and revenue growth caused a dramatic increase in the price of comScore's stock. While in possession of material non-public information, certain comScore officials sold more than $78.3 million of their personally held shares at those artificially inflated prices.

In February 2016, comScore's Audit Committee announced that it was initiating an investigation into the company's accounting after receiving tips concerning possible accounting malfeasance. Then, on September 15, 2016, comScore announced that all of its previously issued financial statements for fiscal years 2013 and 2014, as well as the first three interim reporting periods of 2015, could no longer be relied upon and had to be restated because they erroneously recognized revenue from nonmonetary transactions that should never have been recognized in violation of GAAP. Then, in November 2016, several company officials inexplicably resigned from their positions. comScore later announced that its investigation had identified concerns regarding internal control deficiencies and the sufficiency of public disclosures made by the company about certain performance metrics, among other things.

comScore Shareholders Have Legal Options

Concerned shareholders who would like more information about their rights and potential remedies can contact attorney Darnell R. Donahue at (800) 350-6003, DDonahue@robbinsarroyo.com, or via the shareholder information form on the firm's website.

Robbins Arroyo LLP is a nationally recognized leader in shareholder rights law. The firm represents individual and institutional investors in shareholder derivative and securities class action lawsuits, and has helped its clients realize more than $1 billion of value for themselves and the companies in which they have invested.

Attorney Advertising. Past results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161229005317/en/ 
2016-01-16
Yahoo's Last Roundup Could Lasso a 35% Gain  
2016-08-09
Yahoo, Hulu Team Up to Launch TV Watching Site Yahoo View Yahoo! Inc. YHOO has announced the launch of Yahoo View, a new TV-watching website that will feature free content from Hulu. The site will enable users to watch episodes of their favorite TV shows. Additionally, it will also enable them to view clips, recaps and Tumbler content. In fact, Yahoo View is right now one of the only platforms to offer free access to Hulu s TV shows and movies.



The Partnership in Details



Yahoo has been a distribution partner for Hulu s content for years. Both the companies were in talks about this particular deal for the last six months.



We note that Yahoo now enjoys the status of a  preferred partner  and not an  exclusive distribution partner,  which means that one can have access to Hulu s content on other platforms as well such as Comcast and on websites that contain the Hulu player namely, New York Magazine, EW, People.com and others.



Yahoo View Attractions



Latest Five Episodes: Users will be able to view the last five episodes of their favorite programs after a period of eight days from the original broadcast date.



Variety: Yahoo View will offer a variety of programs such as TV shows, movies, anime, Korean drama, Latino and British content, clips and interviews of celebrities.



Tumbler Integration: Yahoo View has been integrated with Tumblr (Yahoo s own blogging platform), through which TV fans will be able to blog and reblog their favorite clips, GIFs or photos. Additionally, users will be able to switch to Tumblr in the middle of watching their favorite shows.



Picture-in-Picture: This feature enables users to simultaneously surf Tumblr while watching their favorite programs on Yahoo View.



Our Take



Yahoo View is in line with CEO Marissa Mayer s MAVENS strategy, which focuses on building Yahoo s capabilities in mobile, video, native and social experiences to drive traffic and thereby, revenues.



Advertisements displayed on the network will bring in revenues, either through the Hulu player or on the Yahoo View website, which will be shared as per standard revenue sharing arrangements in the industry.



Yahoo will roll in the free offer after a few weeks so as to monetize its strong base of nearly 12 million paid subscribers.



Currently, Yahoo View is only available for the desktop. The company intends to make the services available for Android and iOS platforms in the near future.

YAHOO! INC Price

YAHOO! INC Price | YAHOO! INC Quote

Zacks Rank

At present, Yahoo has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).

Some better-ranked stocks in the broader technology space are Facebook, Inc. FB, and Web.com Group, Inc. WEB, both sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and Blucora, Inc. BCOR carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >>





Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report



YAHOO! INC (YHOO): Free Stock Analysis Report



FACEBOOK INC-A (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report



BLUCORA INC (BCOR): Free Stock Analysis Report



WEB.COM GROUP (WEB): Free Stock Analysis Report



To read this article on Zacks.com click here. What Yahoo's Past May Say About Apple's Future If you traveled back 10 years and told people what was going to happen to three of digital technology s most famous companies Yahoo, Apple and Amazon they d think you were bonkers. They reshuffled their relative positions of power at least once since 2006 and now seem about to do it again. How this turns out will say a great deal about where technology is heading.

Yahoo, after years of trying to recapture former glory, is getting bought by Verizon for $5 billion, an amount that will no doubt soon seem generous. Apple, everybody s darling for the past decade, looks stalled, reporting declining profits and iPhone sales. Amazon a company the same age as Yahoo has meanwhile ginned up a surprising second life because of its Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud computing juggernaut and even seems poised to build a third great business around its Alexa artificial intelligence system. Amazon just reported quarterly numbers that were all rainbows and ponies.

Creating New Categories

Yahoo is our past, though it may foreshadow Apple s future. Technology is almost always a winner-take-most industry. As my co-authors and I detailed in our book, Play Bigger: How Pirates, Dreamers and Innovators Create and Dominate Markets, the great tech companies define and develop a new category of business that never existed before, and those companies tend to devour the vast majority of the money and attention in that market, often for years or even decades. In the 1990s, Yahoo did this. It defined, developed and dominated the previously unheard-of category of  web portal.  And at that category s peak in the late 1990s, Yahoo was worth $128 billion more than 25 times what it just sold for.

Remember when web portals were hot? That was when we needed a way into the burgeoning and often confusing web a single screen that guided us to news and services and email and whatever else was popping up that might interest us. As usually happens, lots of others tried to barge into the business, like Excite and AOL. But Yahoo reigned supreme.

And then, in the early 2000s, Google showed up. Google made search our entry point for the web. We didn t need a guide Google took us exactly where we wanted to go. The web as a curiosity was over, and it became a tool. Yahoo s category-defining invention, the portal, got demoted like an aging shortstop, replaced by a rookie category of search as defined by Google. Yahoo remained king of a declining category, which meant Yahoo itself declined. By then, it owned lots of operations such as news, chat and email that were me-too offerings, not category-dominating businesses. Me-toos can be decent businesses, but they re not businesses that make investors swoon and get CEOs invited to the World Economic Forum in Davos.

This is why Marissa Mayer has never had much of a chance. She was brought in as Yahoo s CEO in 2012 to return it to its era of conquest. When she arrived, employees put up  Hope  posters that echoed the Barack Obama presidential campaign posters from 2008. She even said she would  bring an iconic company back to greatness.  But to do that, she would ve had to invent and then dominate a new category as significant as web portals were in the  90s. And that was an almost impossible task. A fraction of 1 percent of the thousands of venture-backed startups ever create an important category. Giant incumbent companies almost never do unless they have a rare and extraordinary leader.

Which brings us to Apple. When Steve Jobs returned to that company in 1997, it was like the sputtering version of Yahoo, living on an outmoded past and constantly failing to reinvent itself. Apple was nearly sold to Sun Microsystems. And then Jobs did the miraculous. He created one major new category after another: first the iPod-iTunes business in 2001, then the iPhone in 2007 and iPad in 2010. Apple under Jobs defined these categories and dominated them, taking most of the profits and market share. Today, while high-powered mobile devices are consumers  digital drug of choice, investors have made Apple the most valuable company on Earth.

This is why Tim Cook is probably in for the kind of rough treatment Mayer has endured. While we unquestionably love our smartphones and tablets, and while tens of millions of people will buy them this year, the best days of those categories will soon slide by. The chances of Apple again inventing and dominating significant new categories of business are, to be blunt, near nothin . If we expect Cook to pull that rabbit out of his wherever, as Donald Trump might say, we ll be disappointed. It is more realistic to expect Cook s Apple to milk every bit of profit out of these solid but aging categories and keep things interesting with some new stuff around the edges, like the Apple Watch. That s essentially saying Apple could become a tech Procter & Gamble or General Motors. But it might never again be Steve Jobs s Apple.

Cloud Computing the Future?

And that leads us to Amazon. Over the past 20 years, it defined and dominated the category of online retail. If it had never created another monster category, we might be talking about Amazon the way we are now talking about Yahoo or Apple. But the Jeff Bezos led Amazon seems to have that rare category-creation gene. Over the past decade, it built the explosive cloud computing services category, and AWS is crushing it. Over the past year, AWS revenue was four times greater than that of second-place Microsoft, growing 72 percent year-over-year. In Amazon s last quarter, AWS accounted for 40 percent of the company s overall profits. That s the power of category creation.

AWS says a lot about where we re all going. We moved past Yahoo s era of PCs and the web, and now we re moving through the era of smartphones and apps. In tech s next generation, almost every function or service and all of our digital stuff will be in the cloud, accessible through an ever-expanding array of less smart, more focused devices, whether that s a smart watch or connected car or networked toilet. We won t have to carry a Swiss-army-knife high-performance phone in our pockets or purses the power will be in the air and devices around us. And it will run on AWS and its me-too competitors.

Reuters

Today, amazingly, Amazon seems to be creating yet another category with its Echo devices and Alexa software. Something like this will be the successor to the smartphone the front-end technology that will let us talk to a watch or car or loo and make sure the device will understand who we each are, what we want, and how to get it done. It s a little early to declare Amazon the ultimate monarch of this new category of consumer AI, but it s in the lead. And if Amazon can become the king of the front end and king of the back end well, that spooks Google, Facebook, Microsoft and every other tech giant, and they re all investing like crazy to make sure they don t lose this round to Amazon. Other tech giants know there s a chance Amazon could outmaneuver their categories, and leave them like Yahoo, fending off shrinkage.

Anyway, if you do figure out how to travel back a decade, don t bother explaining all this to anyone. Just short Yahoo and invest in Apple and Amazon for me, so I can lounge on a boat all day and not have to write these damn columns. A Former Yahoo CTO Just Became CEO Of This Big Data Startup A Former Yahoo CTO Just Became CEO Of This Big Data Startup

A former CTO of Yahoo and long-time Silicon Valley veteran is taking over as CEO of big data startup Pepperdata.

Ashfaq Munshi, who worked at Yahoo for a little under a year right before Marissa Mayer became CEO, succeeds Pepperdata co-founder Sean Suchter, who will become the startup s CTO.

Suchter and Pepperdata co-founder Chad Carson both held management positions at Microsoft ( msft ) and Yahoo ( yhoo ) before creating the startup in 2012. At Yahoo, Suchter helped the company s search business unit successfully use the open-source Hadoop big data framework not just for testing or research projects, but also in production.

See also: Marissa Mayer's Payday Is Even More Insane Than You Think

Yahoo, like other big tech companies, once maintained a separate business unit dedicated to research called Yahoo Labs. However, in February, Yahoo shuttered the research arm and absorbed it into its overall business amid Mayer s attempts to streamline the embattled company.

During Munshi s brief stint at Yahoo, he oversaw 350 researchers, Munshi said in an interview with Fortune .

Get Data Sheet , Fortune s technology newsletter.

Yahoo s research arm generated a lot of attention from technology analysts and software engineers at the time for its work on cutting-edge technologies, including Hadoop. In 2011, Yahoo spun out a new company called Hortonworks, aimed at creating a business around Hadoop. Hortonworks ( hdp ) went public in late 2014 .

Since leaving Yahoo, Munshi has held CEO and executive chairman positions at several startups, including online advertising technology company Cognitive Match , storage hardware startup Graphite Systems , and data science company Marianas Labs . Munshi helped sell those startups to bigger companies under his watch, including selling Graphite Systems to EMC ( emc ) in 2015 for an undisclosed amount .

Munshi said that Pepperdata is not looking to sell to a bigger company at this point in time, and that the company has enough cash in the bank that it is  in no rush to raise money. 

See also: Fortune Just Launched a Startup Edition of Its Tech Newsletter

However, Munshi added,  At the end of the day, every company is at sale for the right price. 

Pepperdata s technology is essentially a sort-of real-time analytics tool intended to help a company s IT operations staff better track and improve the performance of modern-day software apps so they more efficiently consume computer hardware resources, like CPU and RAM usage, explained Suchter.

Because these modern-day apps, like Uber s ride-sharing platform for example, contain many different moving parts, require many resources, and must not easily overload under heavy use, they need to be powered by numerous computers, tethered together in what s known as distributed computing .

Pepperdata s software can help fix a company s application issues on the fly upon discovery relevant because  things change way too fast for a human operator to react,  Suchter said.

See also: Why Google Just Bought This Hot E-Commerce Startup

The startup s specialty lies in improving the performance of apps that use Hadoop for their data storage and processing needs. But Suchter said that it can also be applied to other new, cutting-edge technologies like containers, as popularized by startups like Docker .

Still, with big data companies like Hortonworks, MapR , and Cloudera that also specialize in Hadoop now steadily rolling out new features to lure customers, it seems likely that these bigger companies will one day release competing products.

Munshi said that Pepperdata is a partner of these companies, though he conceded that eventually, they may release similar tools. In this case, Pepperdata s proprietary technology is  highly protective,  Munshi said.

For more about Yahoo, watch this Fortune video:

 I don t mind using them as a channel,  said Munshi, in reference to working with Cloudera, MapR , and Hortonworks to boost Pepperdata s own sales.

Pepperdata has raised a little over $20 million in funding from investors including Wing Venture Capital, Signia Venture Partners, and Citi Ventures. Female CEOs, Still a Rarity, Face Extra Pressures Top female executives wonder what s next for Marissa Mayer and for the rest of their slim ranks.

The Yahoo Inc. CEO is wrapping up one chapter of her career, as the internet company works to sell its core assets to Verizon Communications Inc. For many women leaders, she embodies the particular challenge of being female and in charge.

Some... Sense Technologies, Inc. Provides Further Update on Acquisition of Scribner ... GRAND ISLAND, NE--(Marketwired - Aug 9, 2016) - Sense Technologies, Inc. ( OTC PINK : SNSGF ) announced today that it is nearing the completion of its due diligence efforts in evaluating the acquisition of Scribner Natural Products. Scribner Natural Products is an industrial food and feed products company in Scribner Nebraska, where it operates a soybean crushing mill, along with interest in a Trucking, Logistics and Consulting company.

Scribner's production facility receives volume (bulk) shipments of raw soybeans and processes them into premium soy products. These soy products are used in a wide variety of animal feed products, human food products, fertilizers (soil enhancers) and other agriculture-related products.

By its own design, Scribner's Products are all natural and are manufactured with no harsh chemicals or solvents used in the production process. Its products are highly digestible and have high levels of vitamins, isoflavonoids, and amino acids. The company is moving to file patents on its proprietary processes, including its soil enhancer products for organic gardening, and has identified numerous bases for individual patents.

The Scribner plant capacity has been processing up to 400 Tons of refined Soy meal per week and 123,000 pounds of soy oil (approx. 16,000 gallons) per week.

"We believe we are very near completion of our due diligence process, and see no impediments at this point to reaching a successful conclusion. We are on a fast track because it is in our shareholders' interest to commence the profit potential just as soon as we can" said Bruce Schreiner, Sense Technologies, Inc.'s President.

About Sense Technologies, Inc.

Sense Technologies develops and markets backing awareness products for safety. For additional information, visit www.sensetech.com.

This press release consists of forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and its management. In particular, there is no assurance that the parties will reach a definitive agreement for the proposed transaction or that the transaction will be completed. Additionally, no assurance can be provided that the terms of any transaction will be similar to those contemplated by the Letter of Intent. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by such forward looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the information contained in this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
2016-02-29
How Marissa Mayer Keeps Talent: Meet Yahoo's $18 Million CRO In a regulatory filing today, Yahoo attached the employment letter for its current CRO, Lisa Utzschneider, which showed a salary, stock and bonus package that added up to an eye-popping $18 million.

That would be $600,000 for her base salary   although Utzschneider was not yet a C-level exec to start, but head of sales for the Americas   with the possibility of a 90 percent bonus, or $540,000; a $1 million signing bonus; and stock that was valued at $16 million, based partially on performance and largely on a typical four-year vesting schedule. She was hired in late 2014 and promoted last year, racking up a lot of new duties.

Still, this is, shall we say, a lot. Many, many sales execs I have checked with today were dumbfounded (and a little jealous, too).  It s really over the top,  said one, reflecting a broad consensus of OMFG reaction.

But it is not a surprise to those who know about the big pay packages that CEO Marissa Mayer has been forking over to keep top management from leaving over the last year, even as the company has been laying off a lot of employees. Yahoo has not given a lot of info out about exec compensation, but sources inside the company said that most of the senior staff has been drenched in multimillion-dollar retention packages.

Obviously, the most famous payout was given to one of Utzschneider s predecessors: Former Googler Henrique De Castro, whom Mayer overpaid to get (despite some very red flags), then fired, and then paid him a king s ransom in severance. That mess, of course, is the subject of many lawsuits, including a very troubling Delaware case.

In that one, the judge recently ordered the company to fork over documents to investors pissed off about how Yahoo screwed up the whole De Castro tenure.

Here are some ugly bits from the ruling earlier this month, about some questionable behavior around his hiring:  It may be that Mayer s conduct did not constitute a breach of fiduciary duty, but it is worthy of investigation. Based on the current record, it is not clear why Mayer did these things, and a range of explanations are possible. She may have made an innocent mistake, and if this case ever proceeds on the merits, it might be shown to be inconsequential. 

And on De Castro s firing:  The same is true for De Castro s firing, where there is a credible basis to suspect the possibility of wrongdoing by Mayer, the Committee and the Board. The issue at this stage turns on why Yahoo s fiduciaries agreed to a without-cause termination when a for-cause alternative was potentially available. 

That will presumably all come to light when a variety of buyers get a look at the numbers, as Yahoo s myriad of also well-paid banking advisers get their acts together in what one potential acquirer called a  glacial  sale process.

So far, standard non-disclosure agreements have gone out, but there is little else in place, such as a data room or a schedule of meetings with management and board members involved in the sale.

The big question: Will Mayer be presenting to those buyers or not?

Until then, you can act like a wary buyer of Yahoo and get a load of these dicey docs: 
2016-10-25
Secret court order prompting Yahoo to scan all users' incoming emails is ... Dozens of advocacy groups will send a letter to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper asking for declassification of the Yahoo order

Officials say the release of any declassified version of the order is unlikely in the foreseeable future, as it remains a sensitive national security matter

A secret court order to Yahoo Inc prompted it to search all users' incoming emails for a still undisclosed digital signature

Key congressional staffers were briefed last week by Obama administration officials about a secret court order to Yahoo Inc that prompted it to search all users' incoming emails for a still undisclosed digital signature.

Executive branch officials spoke to staff for members of the Senate and House of Representatives committees overseeing intelligence operations and the judiciary, according to people briefed on the events, which followed Reuters' disclosure of the massive search.

Attempts made by other members of Congress and civil society groups to learn more about the Yahoo scanning order are unlikely to meet with success anytime soon, because its details remain a sensitive national security matter, U.S. officials told Reuters.

Release of any declassified version of the order is unlikely in the foreseeable future, the officials said.

Obama administration officials briefed key congressional staffers about a secret court order to Yahoo Inc (file) that prompted it to search all users' incoming emails for a still undisclosed digital signature

Officials say attempts by other members of Congress and civil society groups to learn more about the Yahoo (file) order are unlikely to meet with success anytime soon, because its details remain a sensitive national security matter

The decision to keep details of the order secret comes amid mounting pressure on the U.S. government to be more transparent about its data-collection activities ahead of a congressional deadline next year to reauthorize some foreign intelligence authorities.

On Tuesday, more than 30 advocacy groups will send a letter to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper asking for declassification of the Yahoo order that led to the search of emails last year in pursuit of data matching a specific digital symbol.

'We believe such a massive scan of the emails of millions of people, particularly if it involves the scanning of email content, could violate (the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act), the Fourth Amendment, and international human rights law,' the coalition wrote in an advance draft of the letter that was shared with Reuters.

The Center for Democracy & Technology, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Brennan Center, Human Rights Watch and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers are among the signatories.

The groups say that Title I of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, under which sources said the order was issued, requires a finding that the target of such a wiretap is probably an agent of a foreign power and that the facility to be tapped is probably going to be used for a transmission.

An entire service, such as Yahoo, has never publicly been considered to be a 'facility' in such a case: instead, the word usually refers to a phone number or an email account.

More than 30 advocacy groups will send a letter to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper (above) asking for declassification of the Yahoo order that led to the search of emails last year in pursuit of data matching a specific digital symbol

The groups also pressed Clapper, who has pledged to be more transparent in the wake of controversial spying revelations, to explain how much authority the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has to order technical assistance from technology companies.

Reuters reported that Yahoo had installed a special program that was hidden inside a Linux kernel module on its mail servers, where security staffers found it.

Representative Justin Amash, who does not sit on one of the relevant committees, recently asked that all of Congress be briefed, given the significance of any change in interpreting foreign intelligence laws.

'The briefing should involve all members, because all members will within about a year have to vote on a significant part of FISA,' said Greg Nojeim, senior counsel at the Center for Democracy & Technology, which circulated Tuesday's letter among free speech and privacy advocates.

'They should know what occurred so that they can decide whether to outlaw it.'

Also last week, Yahoo itself asked Clapper to declassify the secret order or at least describe it, so that the company could respond to news reports and criticism that it did not do more to protect its users' communications. Nearly $4 Million in Grants Awarded by Yahoo Employee Foundation (YEF) SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Yahoo Employee Foundation (YEF), an employee-funded, philanthropic organization, today announced its largest-ever grant cycle of nearly $4 million. Every year, donations from Yahoo employees, plus interest from investments, are awarded to eligible organizations through YEF grants. YEF is funding 77% of the grant applications it received in 2016, and the funds will benefit 110 nonprofit organizations around the world.

Through YEF, Yahoo employees are able to champion important causes and impact organizations around the world. YEF-funded efforts are focused on three areas: youth and education, family and community building, and environment. Since 2000, YEF has awarded over $25 million through more than 1,200 grants to organizations chosen by Yahoo employees.

 Yahoo employees are making a meaningful, lasting difference in people s lives through the Yahoo Employee Foundation,  says Emmy Negrin, Program Manager, Yahoo For Good.  We re honored to award nearly $4 million in grants to organizations around the world, and proud to have engaged donors and nonprofits throughout the process. From volunteering, to running fundraising events, to partnering with charitable organizations, to leading grant cycles, Yahoo employees have generously given their time, talents, and resources to philanthropy. 

Another YEF highlight from this year was the creation of a grant program that aligns diversity and social impact initiatives, empowering employees to reach outside of Yahoo and make a difference in their various communities. Each of Yahoo s eight employee resource groups were given the opportunity to apply for a grant to support an organization or cause that directly aligned with the group s passion and focus. YEF reviewed and approved the qualified grant applications, furthering the impact our employee resource groups have outside of Yahoo.

YEF is a unique foundation in that it is entirely employee funded and led by employee volunteers. Since it was created in 1999, with leadership from Yahoo founders David Filo and Jerry Yang, YEF has operated as a legally separate entity from Yahoo, Inc., allowing employees to independently drive the direction of the fund.

About the Yahoo Employee Foundation (YEF)

YEF s purpose is to facilitate charitable endeavors that benefit those causes deemed most important to Yahoo employees and YEF participants. In furtherance of this purpose, YEF's primary objectives are to coordinate voluntary charitable activities, to collect funds, and to grant funds to qualified charitable organizations. Additionally, YEF represents the charitable interests of Yahoo donors by serving as their collective voice. Vape Holdings, Inc. announces the successful launch of first product in Onyx Line AGOURA HILLS, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 25, 2016) - Vape Holdings, Inc. ( OTCQB : VAPE ) (the "Company" or "VAPE"), a holding company focused on providing healthy, efficient, and sustainable vaporization products, announces the market launch of first product in the ONYX line.

ONYX is the culmination of HIVE Ceramics commitment to using advanced ceramic material to create an ideal, low temperature vaporizing experience. ONYX provides increased thermal shock resistance, fracture toughness, and a longer-expected lifespan. The product is currently in limited distribution and is also available for purchase on www.hiveceramics.com.

Benjamin Beaulieu, VAPE's CEO, has shown a commitment to quality materials that have become the Company's calling card:

"We are staying ahead of the curve, and setting ourselves apart by releasing innovative products that will improve functionality and experience for everyone's vaporizing needs. Blending cutting-edge with a focus on uncompromising quality, we also keep an eye on the day's style and customer wants."

The public's response to the first "ONYX" product has been overwhelmingly positive. The new 14mm domeless element showcases a premium medical-grade Silicon Nitride blend that weaves toughness and elegance into the vaporizing experience.

"Focusing on a non-porous design has helped to keep our products at the forefront of the industry. Since our ceramic doesn't let residue seep in or alter future experiences, the vapor will be as pure as possible." Ben previews into the expanding markets and designs for Onyx.

HIVE will be adding different products using this new "Advanced Ceramic" material, with eyes set on distribution starting in early 2017.

About VAPE Holdings, Inc.

VAPE Holdings, Inc. focuses on designing, marketing, and distributing various vaporization products. The company offers medical and food grade ceramic products primarily under the HIVE Ceramics brand throughout North America, Europe and South America. HIVE offers a nonporous, non-corrosive, chemically inert ceramic vaporization element, which can be used for a range of applications, including stand-alone vaporization products and electronic cigarettes. The company is based in Agoura Hills, California.

For more information on HIVE Ceramics and to visit our e-commerce site, please visit: http://www.hiveceramics.com.

From time to time, VAPE Holdings will provide market updates and news via its website http://www.vapeholdings.com or the Company's Facebook page at http://on.fb.me/1d5c7iO.

Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for VAPE Holdings' products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in VAPE Holdings' filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Examples of such forward-looking statements in this release include statements regarding future sales, costs and market acceptance of products as well as regulatory actions at the State or Federal level. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting VAPE Holdings please refer to the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. VAPE Holdings undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Brown & Brown, Inc. Announces Award of Temporary Injunction Against Former ... DAYTONA BEACH, FL--(Marketwired - October 25, 2016) - Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO), today announced that it has received a temporary injunction ("Injunction") against certain former employees of Brown & Brown and their new employer, AssuredPartners, Inc. The details of the Injunction are set forth in the attached order (See attached order issued by the Court on October 24, 2016).

Robert Lloyd stated, "It is unfortunate that we had to take these actions against former employees; however, Brown & Brown remains vigilant in protecting our confidential information and protecting our loyal teammates that come to work every day with the singular goal of serving the insurance needs of our valued customers. We appreciate the efforts of our internal claims and litigation team and our outside co-counsel of Cobb Cole and Freeborn Peters in achieving this important result for Brown & Brown."

Brown & Brown, Inc., through its subsidiaries, offers a broad range of insurance and reinsurance products and related services. Additionally, certain Brown & Brown subsidiaries offer a variety of risk management, third-party administration, and other services. Serving business, public entity, individual, trade and professional association clients nationwide, Brown & Brown is ranked by Business Insurance magazine as the United States' sixth largest independent insurance intermediary. Brown & Brown's Web address is www.bbinsurance.com.

This press release may contain certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts, but instead represent only Brown & Brown's current belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of Brown & Brown's control. It is possible that Brown & Brown's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Brown & Brown and its business, including factors that potentially could materially affect Brown & Brown's financial results and condition, as well as its other achievements, is contained in Brown & Brown's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such factors include those factors relevant to Brown & Brown's consummation and integration of the announced acquisition, including any matters analyzed in the due diligence process, and material adverse changes in the business and financial condition of the seller, the buyer, or both, and their respective customers. All forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this release, and Brown & Brown does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur or of which Brown & Brown hereafter becomes aware.

Attachment Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/10/25/11G119477/Assured_order-1477428609992.9243-d757bf8098879f09aee0a1822f832e6c.pdf

 
2016-01-13
Yahoo $4M settlement in email privacy case will go to lawyers The lawyers in a Yahoo email privacy class-action suit will realize the bulk of a $4 million settlement.

Yahoo Inc. has agreed to pay up to $4 million in fees to settle a class-action lawsuit filed, but the lawyers, not the plaintiffs will get the pay-out.

The suit was brought by non-customers opposed to the company's analysis of subscribers' ingoing and outgoing emails for the purpose of delivering targeted ads. But plaintiffs won't see any compensation, as it will all go to their counsel at Girard Gibbs and Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer, pending judiciary approval, according to a report in The Recorder.

The plaintiffs argued in court that Yahoo violated their privacy because they never consented to having their emails analyzed. Yahoo has agreed to change its privacy disclosures and alter its operations so the analysis of files only happens after landing in a recipient's inbox, rather than before. What remains unclear is how the changes allay the original concerns of the plaintiffs. Terms Of Service Rivals.com Additional Terms of Service

By becoming a Subscriber to Rivals' Premium Services, or by using this site (hereinafter the "Site"), which is a part of the Rivals Network, you agree to be bound by this additional terms of service. Rivals is a Yahoo! Inc brand, by becoming a Subscriber to the Rivals' Premium Services or by using this Site, which is part of the Rivals Network, you also agree that you are subject to the Yahoo! Terms of Service located here which is hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. For clarity Rivals.com is a "Service" as defined in the Yahoo! Terms of Service. This agreement is subject to change or updated by Rivals at any time without notice to you.

Payment Obligation and Credit Card Authorization

All subscription/membership fees are non-refundable. The Subscriber is responsible for paying periodic subscription fees, and hereby authorizes Rivals to charge the subscriber's credit card, debit card, or bank account, to pay for the ongoing cost of subscriptions/membership fees via automatic debit. Subscription plans, offerings and length of terms offered may vary by site. Unless specifically stated, subscribers will be automatically renewed for a term equal to the original term upon expiration of the then-current term, and continually thereafter, unless the Subscriber terminates the subscription by contacting customer care at least 48 hours prior to the renewal date. When termination is requested by a Subscriber, there is no refund for any unused portion of the current subscription. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the authorization to charge Subscriber's credit card for services shall automatically transfer to any successors or assigns of Service for substantially similar services at the same website. Subscriber may not assign or transfer his or her subscription to any other person or entity. Should Subscriber request a refund which is denied for a valid reason under these Terms of Service, and should Subscriber subsequently file a claim against Rivals, Rivals shall be entitled to collect from Subscriber all costs (including attorneys fees) associated with defending such a claim. To protect against potential fraud, Yahoo! may take steps to verify the validity of the credit card information you provide to us. The verification process may include debiting an amount between $0.01 and $0.99 from your credit card account and then crediting the same amount back to your credit card or otherwise ceasing the transaction, and also may include asking you to verify the amount debited in order to confirm that you are in possession of your credit card. Yahoo! will only use this process to screen for fraud and will not otherwise debit your credit card account except as part of a transaction conducted through your account for the Service. By providing Yahoo! with your credit card information, you authorize Yahoo! to debit and credit your credit card account for an amount less than one dollar for such verification purposes.

Free Trial Memberships and Coupons

Some Rivals sites occasionally offer promotional free trial memberships to the Premium Ticket service. Subscribers that sign up for a free trial membership will be automatically renewed at the normal subscription rate at the end of the trial period, unless the Subscriber cancels at least 48 hours before the end of the trial. Only one free trial period is allowed per subscriber. Subsequent subscriptions do not qualify for free trials. Some Rivals sites may offer coupons or other promotional offers from time to time. In these situations, a special discounted price may be applicable for a term, followed by a higher price after the initial promotional term. By subscribing, you agree that you will be responsible for all payments as specified in the offer, and you agree that Rivals may adjust the pricing of such plans, as specified in the offer, promotional materials or coupon, without notice or other communication to you. Some sites will occasionally piggyback other free offers with the free trial offer. In this case, the user must actually complete the free trial and be charged one time before they are eligible to receive the additional free offer.

Premium Ticket and Special Edition

Many Rivals sites offer Premium Ticket subscription packages, while some offer Special Edition subscription packages. Subscriptions to one type of package will not give the user access to the other. All Premium Ticket packages are automatically renewed according to the term selected by the subscriber, while Special Edition packages are automatically renewed unless otherwise specifically stated. A Special Edition subscription does not grant access to ALL Special Edition content on the network. Each such package specifies what content is included.

Message Boards

Subscriber-only message boards are included in many Premium Ticket subscriptions. The accepted standards of conduct in these communities, as well as our other message board communities, are determined by the publishing partner of any given site. Subscribers and registered users agree that Rivals and its publishing partners have the right to enforce these standards, including deletion of posts, blacklisting/banning users, or removing access to premium message boards with no refund to the Subscriber. By subscribing, registering or using the sites, you agree that Rivals and or the publisher(s) and board moderators of the sites have the right, in addition to other rights, to delete your posts or blacklist you or any other user at any time, if they believe that action is in the best interest of the sites, for whatever reason, and the reason need not be disclosed.

Subscriber Information

Subscriber must promptly inform Rivals of any of the following: changes in the expiration date of any credit card used in connection with the service; changes in home or billing address; and apparent breaches of security, such as loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure or use of an ID or password. Until Rivals is notified by e-mail of a breach in security, the Subscriber will remain liable for any unauthorized use of the Premium Ticket Service.

Access

Subscribers are responsible for providing all personal computer and communications equipment necessary to gain access to the Service. Access to and use of the Premium Ticket Service is through a combination of an ID and a password. Each Subscriber must keep his password strictly confidential. Rivals will not release passwords for any reason, except as may be specifically required by law or court order. Unauthorized access to the Premium Ticket Service is a breach of this Agreement and a violation of law.

Online Games Eligibility

To be eligible to win a prize in Rivals' Games, you must be at least 18 years old as of your date of entry into the game, and a legal resident of the continental United States. For games requiring entry or other fees to be paid, residents of Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Louisiana, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, and Vermont may play, but will not be eligible to win prizes. In addition, if you live in any other state or area where Rivals Online Games are unlawful, you agree that you may play, but you may not be eligible to win prizes. By signing up to play, you agree to be bound by all of the terms herein, as well as any applicable state or federal laws that apply to you. Rivals' Online Games are not to be used in connection with any form of gambling or the promotion of gambling. Winners of prizes are solely responsible for any applicable taxes, including, but not limited to, all federal, state and local income taxes. For game winners, you may be required to provide certain additional information, such as social security number, etc., in order to process the prizes.

Warranty

No warranty is made by Rivals regarding any information, services, or products provided through or in connection with the Premium Ticket Service, and Rivals hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, including without limitation: any warranties as to the availability, accuracy, or content of information, products, or services; any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Some states/provinces do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. The Subscriber hereby warrants and represents that he or she is in all respects is qualified and competent to enter into this agreement.

Links to Third Party Sites

The Rivals sites may contain images of and links to third party web sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Rivals and Rivals is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Rivals is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site nor is Rivals responsible if the Linked Site is not working appropriately. Rivals is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Rivals of the site or any association with its operators. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the Linked Sites. Any dealings with third parties (including advertisers) included within the Rivals sites or services or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser or other third party. Rivals shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions. By subscribing, registering, or using any of the Rivals sites, you agree that you indemnify Rivals from any liability whatsoever associated with your dealings with these third parties.

Limitation of Liability

Rivals is not obligated to monitor the content on this site. However, with respect to the use of the products and services offered on this site, Rivals reserves the right to disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, from the this site, in Rivals's sole discretion, without notice at any time. This site may contain message board services, chat areas, communities, personal pages, pages created and/or maintained by publishers, or other communication facilities. You agree to use these facilities only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular facility, and to comply with all applicable laws and these Terms of Use and Notices. Rivals reserves the right, but is not obligated, to review materials posted to this site and to remove any such materials and/or edit such materials in its sole discretion, without notice at any time. In addition, Rivals reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the sites and services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever. Furthermore, Rivals reserves the right to terminate or change any part of the site at any time. Rivals is not obligated to monitor the content on this site. However, with respect to the use of the community facilities mentioned above, Rivals reserves the right to disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, from the site or service, in Rivals's sole discretion. You acknowledge that the community services are public and not private communications, therefore your communications may be read by others without your knowledge. Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or others in any public area. Rivals specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the community areas on our site, or the content published by publishers under their publishing agreements, in which they agree that they are fully responsible for the content they post on the site. Forum managers and hosts of the community services, message boards, chat rooms, etc. are not authorized Rivals agents or spokespersons, are not able to bind Rivals, nor do their views necessarily reflect those of Rivals. The information, services, information, and other material included in or available through the this site may not be complete, and may include inaccuracies or errors, and may also be modified or deleted from time to time. Advice, information, products, services or other materials received via this site should not be relied upon for decisions or other critical purposes. By registering to post on Rivals' message boards, you agree that you are solely responsible for the content of your posts (defined as all content posted by you on the message boards, including actual posts, user profiles, signatures, etc.). This responsibility includes full liability for copyright infringement, libel/slander, and other liability, and you hereby agree to indemnify Yahoo! Inc., Rivals.com, and their respective officers, agents, partners, employees and subcontractors, and Rivals' publishers from any and all liability associated with the above. You agree that you own the content of your posts, but that you grant Rivals the right to reproduce or republish the content of your posts, in full or in part, for any purpose, as well as the right to grant permission for other reproduction or republishing of the posts by a third party. In addition, by registering on this site and/or by using this site, you agree that you recognize that all other users are solely responsible for the content of their posts and that they have indemnified Rivals (see above) as you have. You agree that you will not hold Yahoo! Inc., Rivals, and their respective officers, agents, partners, employees or subcontractors, owners, or agents responsible for the actions of posters on the message boards. By registering or subscribing on this site, you agree that you are giving explicit consent to Rivals to send to you various emails, including marketing emails of various types. You hereby agree that, although Rivals may provide methods for opting out of these emails, that these emails are not 'unsolicited emails' or 'spam', and that you will indemnify and hold harmless Rivals, its owners, managers, employees, publishers, and other agents from any liability whatsoever associated with these emails, Rivals' sending of these emails, and/or your receipt thereof. Your access to and use of this site, and products and services of this site, is at your own risk. Rivals, and its members and sponsors, will not be liable for any damage, loss or disclosure of information, data, revenue, accounts or business that occurs in connection with your use of the this site Network, or such products or services. Rivals makes no guarantees of any kind regarding the dependability, accuracy, security, timeliness or availability of the this site Network, or such products or services. Without limiting the foregoing, Yahoo! Inc., Rivals AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, PUBLISHERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, OR OTHER ASSOCIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE CONDITION, SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, TIMELINESS, OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. RIVALS AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, PUBLISHERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, OR OTHER ASSOCIATES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR MATERIALS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL YAHOO! INC., RIVALS AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, PUBLISHERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, OR OTHER ASSOCIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF RIVALS OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE AND NOTICES, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS SITE AND ITS RELATED SERVICES. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Yahoo! Inc., Rivals and their respective suppliers, publishers, partners, sponsors, or other associates harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your violation of these Terms of Use and Notices (including, without limitation, violation of applicable Additional Terms of Use), or any third-party's rights, (including, without limitation, infringement of any copyright, violation of any proprietary right and invasion of any privacy rights). These obligations will survive any termination of your relationship with Rivals or your use of this site.

Use Restriction

The material on the Premium Ticket Service is for the private, non-commercial enjoyment of Subscribers only. Any other use is strictly prohibited. Rivals and its publishing partners spend a great deal of time and money to obtain the information appearing on its web sites. Subscribers agree that they will not copy, publish, or in any way make available publicly any news, pictures, interviews, features, or any other information from Rivals web sites, without express written permission from Rivals. Subscribers agree that, should they do so, Rivals reserves the right to cancel their subscription immediately without refund. Additionally, reuse of copyrighted information (pictures, interviews, features, videos, audio, etc.) will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. To prevent access by multiple users sharing one account, Rivals reserves the right to limit access for each Subscriber to a fixed number of physical locations or machines or to a specific number of simultaneous logons. Subscriber agrees to notify Rivals in advance if their situation calls for use of multiple machines (i.e. student worklab, library, etc.). In addition, if such a scenario exists, subscriber is responsible for logging out appropriately in order to login successfully in another location. By signing up to post on Rivals' message boards, you agree that you will not use the message boards to advertise any product or service, without the express written permission of Rivals. You also agree that if you do use the message boards in such a manner, and are subsequently banned or blacklisted from the message boards, and then continue to post such advertising under a new account, you will be liable for damages to Rivals in the amount of fair compensation for equivalent advertising frequently sold by Rivals to other advertisers, plus Rivals costs of collection, including attorneys fees. Due to difficulty in Rivals assessing these damages and advertising opportunity costs, you agree that the minimum damage from violation of this provision will be $10,000 (without limitation on Rivals' ability to prove actual damages in excess of this amount). By signing up to post on Rivals' message boards, you agree that if Rivals blacklists you, you will cease and desist from posting on the message boards. If you are blacklisted, and subsequently sign up under new account(s) for the sole purpose of disrupting the message boards in any manner, you will be liable for damages to Rivals in the amount of fair compensation for time spent by Rivals staff and/or publishers in addition to any lost profits or revenues caused by your disruption and costs of collection of these damages, including attorneys fees. Due to difficulty in Rivals assessing these damages and costs, you agree that the minimum damage from violation of this provision will be $10,000 (without limitation on Rivals' ability to prove actual damages in excess of this amount).

Notices

Notices by Rivals to Subscribers may be given by means of electronic messages or by a general posting on the service. Notices by Subscribers may be given by electronic messages.

FAQ That Moment When You Realize You've Become a State of the Union Meme President Barack Obama s 2016 State of the Union speech was great. Definitely at least as great as last year s. And maybe even equally as great as the one the year before that. Just great stuff.

Of course, in the age of the Internet and short attention spans, the president and his speech are only half of the focus of the SOTU broadcast. Our attention   and more importantly the attention of quick-witted meme makers on Twitter   now spreads to the noble guests and members of Congress in attendance for the event. Senators, presidential candidates, even the distinguished VP and speaker of the House   if you wind up on camera, you re not safe from becoming the butt of an Internet meme.

So here we present some of the best memes posted during the 2016 State of the Union, with apologies in particular to Paul D. Ryan.





When you see  No hookups  in her @Tinder bio pic.twitter.com/WDyclsSEU0   Juan Hustle (@JuanHustle) January 13, 2016

That moment you realize you didn t wear any pants to the #SOTU pic.twitter.com/yNG7jsfeHF   CLT (@CLT_Reb) January 13, 2016

That face when you realize that Donald Trump might be the next guy to give this speech  #leydensotu pic.twitter.com/JScTbOAT4e   Romeel Adde (@Romeel_7_Trap) January 13, 2016

When something good happens to your frenemy #SOTU pic.twitter.com/2Wjunl9kv8   Gabriella Paiella (@GMPaiella) January 13, 2016

When your manager at Jo-Ann Fabrics ask you to stay another hour #SOTU pic.twitter.com/9TGxkwV60O   Ira Madison III (@ira) January 13, 2016

When you already have your #SOTU address written a year early. pic.twitter.com/Juehitj05d   ATTN: (@attn) January 13, 2016

When you tap someone on the shoulder and they fall for it and then they turn the other way and realize it was you pic.twitter.com/komUGPOEa9   Riley Roberson (@rileysroberson) January 13, 2016

When you re having fun at the #SOTU but also your hat is statring to feel heavy pic.twitter.com/7U9f1McL0r   Anna Swartz (@Anna_Snackz) January 13, 2016

when you thought the dress code was casual and you show up to see everyone s wearing a suit pic.twitter.com/jWw3obTYEC   Jason O. Gilbert (@gilbertjasono) January 13, 2016

When you just wanna go home but you realize you re probably gonna have to do a photo op with Kim Davis after this pic.twitter.com/1I7TxEwxhR   Kristin Chirico (@lolacoaster) January 13, 2016

 When your State of the Union is so lit Thomas Jefferson travels into the future to hear.  @BarackObama #SOTU pic.twitter.com/7wps9nlZMs   Eduardo Samaniego (@Ed_Samaniego) January 13, 2016

When your card get declined on a date pic.twitter.com/fUFPF0fCUr   Lamborghini Lawry (@LawryHudson) January 13, 2016

When your fries are cold. pic.twitter.com/V4lNUKU6hp   Sereita N. Cobbs (@snco) January 13, 2016

RT @FunnyNbaGuy: When you spend a ton of money on @Lakers tickets and you find out @kobebryant isn t playing pic.twitter.com/Gqr0O8G3cm   jamalbryant (@jamalhbryant) January 13, 2016

When you step in a wet spot in your socks pic.twitter.com/KJjNpTRU80   Rocky Maivia (@AJFrancis410) January 13, 2016

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.

 
2016-10-18
Yahoo profit beats Wall St., some analysts worry over effect of hack Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer delivers her keynote address at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada in this January 7, 2014, file photo. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/Files

SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Inc reported better-than-expected quarterly adjusted profit on Tuesday, a boost for the beleaguered company whose deal to sell its core business to Verizon Communications Inc has been shaken by a massive data breach.

Verizon's general counsel said last week that the hack, which affected at least 500 million email accounts in 2014, could have a material impact, possibly allowing Verizon to withdraw from the $4.83 billion deal.

Tuesday's results provided at least an initial indication that the data breach has not led to a quick exodus of Yahoo customers, as some had feared. Customer trends showed growth in pageviews and email usage, Yahoo said.

Still, analysts were split on whether the results dispelled doubts about the deal going through. Yahoo said in a filing with securities regulators shortly before the breach was disclosed that it knew of no cyber risks, raising questions about whether Verizon was informed of the breach in a timely fashion.

JMP Securities analyst Ronald Josey said it was too early to tell if the breach would cause lasting damage, and called customer trends "encouraging."

"The message here is email and messaging is a very sticky product and people want to get to their messages," said Josey.

But Fatemeh Khatibloo, a security analyst with Forrester Research, said the uptick in pageviews and email usage could be the result of "500 million people trying to figure out if they're exposed."

Any loss of users in the future, lawsuits related to the breach and a pending Federal Communications Commission vote that could limit how telecommunications companies can use customer data may encourage Verizon to try and back out of the deal, said Khatibloo.

However, Scott Kessler, an analyst with CFRA Research, said the fact that Yahoo did not see an immediate decline in users was a sign the breach may not be a material adverse change that would affect the Verizon deal.

"The bottom line here is from a fundamental operational and financial perspective, it doesn't seem like much has changed at the company over the last quarter," he said.

Legal experts have said Verizon would have to clear a high hurdle to prove that the breach amounted to a material adverse change that would allow it to pull out of the deal.

REVENUE CHALLENGES

Another positive sign for Yahoo was that revenue from Mavens - the mobile, video, native and social advertising units that Chief Executive Marissa Mayer touts as its emerging businesses - rose 24.2 percent to $524 million.

Still, the business showed continuing declines in major revenue categories. Gross search revenue fell 14.1 percent to $752.5 million.

Total revenue rose 6.5 percent to $1.31 billion, just beating the average analyst estimate of $1.30 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. But after deducting fees paid to partner websites, revenue fell to $857.7 million from $1 billion.

Yahoo said on Friday it would not hold a call or webcast after the release of the results, citing the Verizon deal.

Analysts at Needham & Co said in a note on Tuesday that decision troubled them, given doubts cast over the Verizon deal by the data hack, and they cut their rating on Yahoo to 'hold' from 'buy'.

Yahoo's shares were up about 1.3 percent in extended trading after the close on Tuesday.

For the third quarter ended Sept. 30, net income attributable to Yahoo rose to $162.8 million, or 17 cents per share, from $76.3 million, or 8 cents per share, a year earlier.

Excluding some items, the company earned 20 cents per share, beating analysts' average estimate of 14 cents.

Verizon plans to combine Yahoo's search, email and messenger assets as well as advertising technology tools with its AOL unit, which it bought last year for $4.4 billion.

The deal would transform Yahoo into a holding company, with a 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and a 35.5 percent interest in Yahoo Japan Corp as well as Yahoo's convertible notes, certain minority investments and its non-core patents.

The deal is expected to close in early 2017, after which Yahoo plans to change its name and become a publicly traded investment company.

(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian, Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby) Earnings Whispers: Intel Corporation (INTC) And Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Published By: Ken Bock on October 18, 2016 12:36 pm EST

Intel Corporation and Yahoo! Inc. are slated to reveal their financial earnings after the closing bell on Tuesday, October 18. The companies will announce results for their respective third quarters of fiscal year 2016 (3QFY16). We have analyzed reports from Earningswhispers.com and estimize.com and expect Intel to beat the Street on both top and bottom line. However, Yahoo is expected to meet bottom line expectations only.

Intel Corporation

For 3QFY16, the Street expects Intel to report earnings per share (EPS) of 73 cents, up about 14.06% year-over-year (YoY). The company reported 64 cents in 3QFY15 and 59 cents in the previous quarter. Earningswhispers.com suggests that it is likely to beat Street estimates by roughly 2.67% on the bottom line, with 75 cents in EPS.

Similarly, the Street predicts that Intel may report $15.55 billion in revenue for the quarter. Estimize.com expects it to produce $15.57 billion in revenue a top line beat over Street. The Street expects the company to surpass its own revenue guidance of $14.4 15.4 billion. Last quarter, it announced $13.5 billion revenue, thus Street expects revenue to rise sequentially by 15.21%. The Street also looks forward to 7.27% YoY increase over $14.5 billion revenue.

Yahoo! Inc.

Yahoo has received consensus EPS estimate of 15 cents for the third quarter. Our research suggests that the Street estimates are in line with estimize.com expectation as well as its earnings for the same quarter of FY15. It reported nine cents in the previous quarter, suggesting Street estimates are likely to observe 66.67% beat over second quarter.

The consensus also upholds $860.88 million revenue estimate for the $39.6 billion company. Street expects it to outdo estimize.com expectation of $858.66 million while remaining within its revenue guidance range of $840 880 million. It is expected to observe sequential and YoY declines of 34.28% and 29.78%, respectively. It reported $1.31 billion in 2QFY16 and $1.226 billion in 3QFY15. Yahoo reports 3rd-qtr non-GAAP earnings of $0.20 per share  
2016-06-16
3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Cavium Inc (CAVM), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Rite ... U.S. stock markets lagged once again on Wednesday as the Federal Reserve did exactly what was expected of it   it left interest rates intact. After an initial bump higher, the broader indices slid into the close, with the S&P 500 off 0.2% by day s end and the Dow Jones Industrial Average down 0.2%.

Movers and shakers on Thursday are likely to include Cavium Inc (NASDAQ: CAVM ), which is off big on an acquisition, as well as Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE: RAD ) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ).

Here s how these stocks were affected ahead of today s action:

Cavium Inc (CAVM)

Cavium agreed to acquire QLogic Corporation (NASDAQ: QLGC ) in a cash-and-stock deal worth more than $1 billion, and Wall Street really doesn t like the move, at first glance.

QLogic provides networking infrastructure, and will be rolled into Cavium, which produces semiconductor processors for wireless networking and communications, among other things. All told, the duo will boast Dell, International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM ) and Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL ) among their higher-profile customers, according to ZDNet.

The deal values QLGC at $15.50 per share   a roughly 11% premium from Wednesday s closing price.

CAVM shareholders didn t seem too happy with the deal, potentially because Cavium is spending roughly $940 million in cash to purchase a company when it has just $135 million in cash and short-term investments.

CAVM was off 14% in Thursday s premarket action.

Rite Aid Corporation (RAD)

RAD stock was trending downward Thursday morning after disappointing Wall Street analysts on both the top and bottom lines.

Rite Aid dipped to a loss of $4.6 million for its fiscal first quarter, down from an $18.8 million profit in the year-ago period. That came on revenues that grew 23% to $8.18 billion, which fell short of Street expectations for $8.24 billion. On an adjusted basis, earnings of 1 cent fell way short of estimates for 5 cents per share.

Comps were miserable too, at 0.4% versus estimates of 2.8%.

Rite Aid, already slightly off for the year-to-date, is sinking by about 1% or 2% in Thursday s premarket trade.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

YHOO shares were being nudged higher after Citigroup analyst Mark May (thankfully not this Mark May) gave Yahoo a nod, saying the company is generating a  more compelling risk/reward  situation.

May upgraded YHOO stock from  neutral  to  buy  and lifted his price target to $43 from $38, so about 13% upside from here.

In particular, May believes Yahoo is trading at a discount to the value of both the company itself, as well as its stakes in Yahoo Japan and, of course, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA ). May thinks Yahoo will be sold, for at least $5 billion, and that there s an implied discount of 30% to 35% in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan holdings.

Best-case, he sees 23% upside for Yahoo (at $46 per share).

YHOO was up fractionally before the bell.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AMD, BP, Cavium, Checkpoint Software ... Stocks have now fallen for five straight sessions and were indicated lower on Thursday as well. Despite opening higher ahead of Wednesday s Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decision on interest rates, the real issue is that the lowered expectations and the wider scope of Fed worries is leaving the markets with the notion that Fed has its eye on too many things. Then there is the notion that maybe even getting fed funds back up to 3% or so might be pure fiction and hope rather than reality.

24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while other reports feature stocks to sell or avoid.

The markets may have been weak of late, but the trend that has remained is that investors have shown that they are more than willing to buy stocks during each and every real stock market correction. Last week the S&P 500 peaked at a valuation of 18 times expected 2016 earnings per share.

These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Thursday morning:

Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) was raised to Buy from Hold and was given a $6 price target (versus a $4.42 prior close) at Canaccord Genuity. It has a consensus analyst price target of $3.68 and a 52-week trading range of $1.61 to $4.71.

BP PLC (NYSE: BP) was raised to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup. Shares closed at $31.15 in New York trading on Wednesday, but BP was trading up almost 0.5% on Thursday in London trading. BP s American depositary shares have a consensus price target of $39.00 and a 52-week range of $30.07 to $41.78.

Cavium Inc. (NASDAQ: CAVM) is buying QLogic for $1.4 billion, versus a pre-news market cap of $2.75 billion. Cavium shares were indicated down 14% at $41.20 on Thursday. Cavium was downgraded to Hold from Buy and the price target was cut to $48 from $61 at Canaccord Genuity. Merrill lynch maintained a Neutral rating, noting that the deal adds defensive accretive earnings while diluting its growth. Pacific Crest cut its rating to Sector Weight, and Oppenheimer lowered its rating to Perform.

Checkpoint Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: CHKP) was downgraded to Hold from Buy and the price target was cut to $90 from $95 (versus an $84.28 close) at Deutsche Bank. The consensus price target is $86.91, and has the 52-week range is $65.09 to $89.98.

Jabil Circuit Inc. (NYSE: JBL) was last seen down almost 3% at $18.20 after cutting its outlook with earnings due to a weakness in its mobility sales. Needham has a Buy rating and cut its target price to $23 from $25; Goldman Sachs has a Sell rating and cut its target price to $16 from $17; and UBS has a Buy rating and cut its target price to $20 from $22. The consensus price target is $21.60, and the 52-week range is $16.78 to $26.00.

Kansas City Southern (NYSE: KSU) was started with an Outperform rating and assigned a $103 price target (versus an $87.32 close) at Oppenheimer. The stock has a consensus analyst target of $97.76 and a 52-week range of $62.20 to $101.24.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) was raised to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup. Shares closed at $37.32, and the web property has a consensus price target of $40.79 and a 52-week range of $26.15 to $41.39.

You can follow @JonOgg if you wish to get analyst upgrades and downgrades directly on your Twitter feed.

Other top analyst upgrades and downgrades were seen in the following: MeetMe: Part Match.com, Part Facebook; Are Investors Expecting A Bid From Either?  
2016-01-18
How to tweet like Yahoo!'s Marissa Mayer: The CEO business mavens on Twitter Claudia Kubowicz Malhotra and Arvind Malhotra by Many companies have embraced Twitter as one of the best ways to communicate with customers and other types of stakeholders. However, many chief executives don't leverage the power of Twitter to the fullest extent. The number of chief executives of large companies who are active on Twitter continues to be low. As of September 2014, only 42 Fortune 500 chief executives had Twitter accounts. Of those, only about 70 per cent were truly active and tweeting in a meaningful way. One high-profile Twitter user is Elon Musk, chief executive of Tesla Motors Inc. and SpaceX. Musk typically tweets numerous times a month, and his tweets sometimes contain new and exciting information. On March 30, 2015, for example, he tweeted that a new, major Tesla product line would be unveiled the following month and that it was "not a car": (Elon Musk, chief executive of Tesla) "Major new Tesla product line   not a car   will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs 8pm, April 30". Musk's tweet generated a lot of attention; the news wasn't announced through any other communication outlets. And there was intense speculation about what the new product would be. (It turned out to be a battery for powering homes that charges using electricity generated from solar panels.) Many media outlets joined in the discussion.

Jeffrey "Jeff" Immelt, chairman and chief executive officer of General Electric Co. is another tweeting leader who fits into the "business maven" category. Goh Seng Chong

Twitter, one of the world's leading social media platforms, has more than 300 million active users. In contrast to Facebook, which skews heavily toward personal communication, Twitter is used more actively for business. As a result, brand managers, customer service agents, and other businesspeople became early adopters so that they could stay abreast of the streams of information they cared about and communicate with current and potential customers. Twitter users check their newsfeeds for real-time information on everything from business news events to sales at their favorite retailers. At a number of companies, "C-level" executives in addition to the chief executive have begun tweeting. However, chief executives generally have the most social cachet and are considered the ultimate company spokespeople.

Twitter power By tweeting, chief executives have an opportunity to initiate and influence online conversations. Rather than waiting for impressions to be driven by the media or individuals with ulterior motives, chief executives can use tweeting to help shape their public image and that of their companies. We studied the Twitter activity of 25 chief executives of publicly traded companies who were active on Twitter, and identified common patterns and themes. (See "About the Research.") This article describes the opportunities for chief executives. Potential Benefit #1: Increasing your influence and creating positive sentiment Twitter enables a chief executive to make a direct, personal connection with a network of followers. By following a chief executive on Twitter, stakeholders express their affinity for both the chief executive and the company. The number of one's Twitter followers reflects the level of interest. As the size of the chief executive's network increases, so does his or her potential to reach and influence others.

Twitter also enables followers to "like" a tweet with a single click. Through use of the like feature on Twitter, followers can express positive sentiment for tweets. A large number of likes reflects not only appreciation but also popularity within the Twitter community. A chief executive's tweets can raise a company's profile and engender positive sentiment in the Twitter community, which includes investors who are active on Twitter. Potential benefit #2: Spreading your message When chief executives send their followers interesting, important, and relevant tweets, a subset of the people who receive them retweet them to their followers. Retweeting quickly multiplies the reach of the initial tweet. There are two important implications of retweeting. First, the original followers are implicitly endorsing the message by considering it important enough to pass on to their own personal network. In effect, they are signaling that this is a message they think people should pay attention to. Often, the retweeter adds a few words to the original tweet, such as "check this out" or "so true." This can add attention-grabbing cues to the original content, making it even more salient.

Second, the retweeted messages reach a larger and more diverse audience than just the original recipients (chief executive followers). If the retweet is indeed of interest, those receiving it may choose to follow the chief executive directly, which will expand the reach of the chief executive's network over time. So the retweet is a very powerful validation and propagation feature of Twitter. How have chief executives used Twitter? Chief executives' tweets cover a range of topics, both business-related and non-business-related. Based on the type of content tweeted most often, we have classified the chief executives we studied into four different groups: Generalists, Expressionists, Information Mavens, and Business Mavens. Generalists represented the biggest segment of chief executives in our study. Generalist chief executives use Twitter to share a wide range of content. At times they tweet about personal opinions and interests; other times, they tweet information closely related to the business (for example, strategy, existing products and services, customer references, etc.). However, as a rule they do not communicate information related to new initiatives.

In addition to being the largest group, Generalists tweeted the most. However, on average they had the smallest networks among the groups of chief executives in our study. They were also retweeted and "favourited"   Twitter's terminology for "liked" at the time our research was conducted   the least of the four groups. This may be because they were not sharing information that's unique; what they shared does not capture the "fresh from the source" informational needs of the Twittersphere. Expressionists use Twitter extensively for non-business content sharing. The chief executives in this group used Twitter to share their opinions about events and politics and give their followers an insight into their daily lives. More than 90 per cent of the tweets by this group were related to their personal opinions and interests. In many ways, they used Twitter as much as a brand-building platform for themselves as for their companies. Their tweets were retweeted and favourited more than those of the Generalists and Information Mavens (but significantly less than the Business Mavens). This indicates some interest in their personal opinions and insights, but not enough to make a significant impact. Information Mavens frequently share links to information, news, and other happenings. However, they did not generally tweet information specific to their company, acting more like "trusted curators" of content; 80 per cent of their tweets fell into this category. With so much content available online and specifically on Twitter, many people seem to want unique sources of "fresh" content. As a result, Information Maven chief executives had significantly fewer followers on average than Expressionists and Business Mavens, and relatively few people retweeted or favorited their tweets. Business Mavens use Twitter extensively and primarily share business-related content. In contrast to the other chief executive profiles, Business Mavens often shared new product announcements, information about existing products, customer references, and information about management initiatives and strategy. Although they also used Twitter to share content related to personal opinions and interests and links to other interesting information, the majority of their tweets were business-related. As a group, Business Mavens were retweeted and favourited more often than chief executives in the other groups, and they had significantly larger follower networks. When they tweeted, the Twittersphere responded, even though on average they tweeted the least of the four groups. Among the chief executives that were in this group during the period we studied were Marissa Mayer of Yahoo! Inc., Jeffrey Immelt of General Electric Co., and Tim Cook of Apple Inc.

How should chief executives use Twitter? Our research suggests that certain types of chief executive tweets are more likely to be liked and retweeted than others. They are: tweets that provide new information about the company's products and services; tweets that refer to external validation; and tweets that share customer stories and refer to customers. These results parallel our prior research on how brands can craft tweets to maximize the number of retweets. New product information Tweets that offer information about upcoming new products build anticipation among the chief executive's followers, many of whom are also company fans. Such tweets often contain relevant, real-time information, mentioning dates for product approvals and market launches. External validation Tweets that refer to external validation of the company can also be effective in garnering followers, likes, and retweets. For example, when companies win awards and chief executives tweet about it, followers respond. Such tweets need not proclaim "we are good" but rather that "others think we are good." Followers like to bask in the glory of the company success and also share the success with their own followers. These tweets contain information and positive sentiment that highlights strong performance that may not appear in balance sheets. For example, when Salesforce.com Inc. received a positive review in an influential survey, chief executive Marc Benioff tweeted: (Salesforce chief executive) "Very proud of @salesforce for once again becoming the definitive leader on Gartner SFA MQ!" Customer stories

Lastly, people respond favourably to chief executive tweets that share customer stories and/or refer to customers; they lead to more followers, likes, and retweets. When a chief executive refers to a customer or shares a story of a great customer experience, it tends to be well received by the chief executive's followers, who are vested in the company's success and may also be customers of the chief executive's company. Moreover, such tweets personalise the chief executive's relationship with the company's customers. They display appreciation for customers as people as opposed to sources of revenue. For example, Apple's Tim Cook tweeted the following on September 20, 2013, (and was retweeted by more than 7,000 followers): (Tim Cook, Apple chief executive) "Visited Retail Stores in Palo Alto today. Seeing so many happy customers reminds us of why we do what we do." Although the three categories of tweets appear to be different, they have a common thread. Each resonates with followers for multiple reasons, such as being vested in the brand as a customer, appreciative of the brand, and desirous of making a personal connection with the chief executive. Thus, followers (who are usually customers) are more likely to like and retweet such tweets. The retweeted tweets have a high likelihood of reaching others who are not yet vested in or aware of the company's activities. By receiving retweeted posts, they may begin following the chief executive and become a brand fan and perhaps a future customer. CEO tweets and stock prices How are chief executive tweets related to a company's stock performance? We found that chief executive tweets with non-business content do not appear to influence a company's stock market performance in a positive way. When examining business-related-content tweets, we found that certain types of business-related chief executive tweets were more strongly correlated with positive movement of their company's stock prices. These included tweets about new management initiatives; strategy and performance; and new products and services. Tweets related to new management initiatives describe capability expansion, including the announcement of new physical locations (for example, new offices, factories, etc.). Such tweets might also highlight new investments in the company's employees, such as greater diversity, new roles for women, and organizational changes. Taken together, these tweets are extremely positive in tone and speak to the future direction of the company. For example, a tweet below from the chief executive of Shutterstock Inc., a New York City-based image licensing company, highlights business expansion: (Jon Oringer, Shutterstock chief executive) "Headed to #Berlin to launch @Shutterstock's new European HQ. Office will be used for sales & tech". Tweets related to strategy and performance broadcast decisions to scale up company operations and highlight performance metrics and profitability information. Such tweets speak to the company's long-term health and strategic direction. For example, the chief executive of Medtronic plc, the medical device company, posted the following tweet to draw attention to the company's global strategy: (Omar Ishrak, chief executive of Medtronic) "Spent last week with @Medtronic leaders in China. Exciting possibilities for access & tech development in Chengdu".

As with all forms of corporate communication, tweets can be subject to legal regulation. For US public companies, SEC Regulation FD states that "an issuer may not disclose material nonpublic information to certain groups, either intentionally or unintentionally, without disclosing the same information to the entire marketplace."8 This implies that revealing information solely via Twitter may exclude those who are not Twitter users. That said, the SEC clarified the rule in 2013 by saying "companies can use social media outlets like Facebook and Twitter to announce key information in compliance with [Reg FD] so long as investors have been alerted about which social media will be used to disseminate such information." Thus, chief executives should note that if Twitter or other social media platforms are to be used to inform investors, they need to specify what types of content will be shared via each platform. Things to understand about Twitter Twitter requires a different skill set and a different sensibility than other forms of marketing and communications. Here are some things to consider: Tweets are not risk-free Twitter is a fast-moving communication medium, and there is an inherent risk in sharing information in real time. Mistakes can and will happen, but chief executives can also use Twitter to recover from mistakes. For example, in October 2014, Microsoft Corp. chief executive Satya Nadella faced controversy after he spoke about women not needing to ask for pay raises at work and how they should trust the employment system. Nadella's comments caused a negative reaction, as could be seen on Twitter. He later tweeted an apology. Another tempest occurred when Yahoo's chief executive Marissa Mayer was criticised for a remark that was intended to promote upgraded Flickr services but was viewed by some as an insult to professional photographers. Once Mayer learned of the negative reaction, she used Twitter to profusely apologiae, tweeting back to each person who had tweeted her. In fact, nearly every tweet she sent over the span of a 24-hour period contained an apology. As with any apology, a personal, prompt, and sincere "I'm sorry" on Twitter can go a long way in rectifying a mistake. Tweets are not press releases Some argue that Twitter is the new press release but we disagree. In some cases, information otherwise delivered through a press release may be communicated via Twitter by the chief executive. But press releases are long, often containing a lot of information. Tweets are short   140 characters or less. Given this constraint, the messages have to be succinct and to the point. There is no room to elaborate or explain.

What's more, press releases are written by public relations specialists; they are carefully crafted and follow communication norms common to the press release format. As a result, they are sometimes a cold and distant form of distributing information. Tweets should be organic   to the extent possible, written by the chief executive. Using a drafting process similar to a press release undermines the inherent advantages of using Twitter   real-time and personal communication. Business content shared by a chief executive is much more personal than the same content written in a press release. Tweets can be an effective way to activate the media Journalists often check a chief executive's Twitter account before covering the chief executive or the company. The media actively monitors Twitter for breaking news, and there are many examples where the media covered a tweet from a chief executive. The first tweet sent by a chief executive often garners special attention, especially if it is well crafted. For example, in his first tweet in 2009, Jeffrey Joerres, then chief executive of Manpower Group and now its executive chairman, wrote, "Spoke about workplace trends, impact of social networking, at MU Circles last night. Good turnout. High energy. Expect more tweets." The media liked the fact that he referenced a live event, and Joerres set the expectation that he would tweet more in the future. Tweets can be a calming influence Even though the examples are rare, there have been recent cases of chief executives using Twitter in difficult situations to communicate negative information. For example, when AirAsia flight 8501 crashed into the Java Sea on December 28, 2014, chief executive Tony Fernandes sent tweets with condolences and updates on recovery operations. Despite the tragic circumstances, Fernandes' direct communication with the public was well received. A real-time, sincere, and direct message from the chief executive can mitigate the reaction to a negative event. Although most chief executives haven't adopted tweeting as a priority, the argument for using Twitter is compelling. In addition to customers using Twitter, many employees rely on it as a critical source of information. Stakeholders, including many shareholders, follow Twitter for information about companies, so the opportunity is there for the taking. Who better than the chief executive to start shaping the conversation about the company? About the research Samsung Galaxy S7 Coming Soon? Here's What the Rumor Mill Is Saying Ready or not, here Samsung comes.

According to reports, the Korean phone maker is planning to launch its 2016 suite of Galaxy S Android smartphones all at once   and possibly as soon as late February.

To prepare you for Samsung s incoming flagship phone, we ve aggregated what we believe to be the meatiest rumors surrounding the alleged  S7  smartphone. So, read up below and get ready to trade in your S6 in short order.

Galaxy S, Galaxy S edge, Galaxy S edge+

 Leaked  branding information obtained by proven smartphone intel source @evleaks indicates that Samsung intends to release two curved-screen S7 variants   the edge and S7 edge+   alongside a conventional, flat-screen Galaxy S7 handset.

Honestly surprised by this (though it does explain a lot). pic.twitter.com/B7fL41qShm   Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 12, 2016

This suite of models matches Samsung s S6 lineup from a year ago, with the difference being that Samsung may be introducing all of these devices at once, rather than months apart.



Galaxy S6 phones. (Samsung via redmondpie.com)

For screen sizes, Samsung news site Sam Mobile is reporting that both the standard Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will pack 5.1-inch displays. The S7 edge+, the site says, will have a larger 5.5-inch screen   curved, of course.

Design

In terms of looks, the word on the street is that the Galaxy S7 should be more or less a continuation of the Galaxy S6 design, meaning it will still look rather iPhone-like.

A 3D mockup allegedly based on leaked schematics of the S7 was put together by in-the-know news outlets OnLeaks and uSwitch. Check it out below.

Less seems to be  known  ahead of time about which colors Samsung will offer on these phones. But we re all hoping for a return of the weird mirror-finished gold, right?

Pressure-sensitive touchscreen

Apparently following Apple s lead, Samsung is rumored to be building 3D Touch-like pressure-sensitive screens into its new Galaxy S phones.

It s unclear exactly how these screens will be used, feature-wise, though the  leaker  of the Samsung/pressure-sensitive heads-up (in a posting to Chinese social media site Weibo) says that Samsung will be teaming with trackpad maker Synaptics to develop unique Galaxy S functionality.

USB C, iris scanner, all-day batteries

The miscellaneous   and non-iPhone-inspired   goodies we expect to see on the next Galaxy S phones include a USB Type-C connection for fast charging; some level of water resistance; an iris scanner for additional security; and much larger batteries   3,000mAh and 3,600mAh, respectively, on the the standard- and plus-size phones.

USB Type-C port on Letv s Le 1 Pro Superphone. (CNET)

Like the sound of all that? Then now is the time to start setting aside some extra cash and clearing out some space in your pockets.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.

 
2016-11-16
Yahoo Sales Exec Scott Kelliher Joins Time Inc. as Head of Tech, Telecom Ad Sales Scott Kelliher is departing his post as head of Yahoo s technology and telecommunications ad sales organization to join Time Inc. in a similar role.

Kelliher officially starts at Time Inc. on Dec. 5 as president of technology and telecommunications, overseeing sales and revenue growth for the category across all Time Inc. s brands.

With his hire, Michael Schneider, who currently leads the East Coast region for the financial services as well as the tech and telecommunications category teams, is being promoted to senior VP of financial services effective immediately. Kelliher and Schneider report to Mark Ellis, president and COO of sales and marketing at Time Inc., who previously was head of Yahoo s North America sales org.

 Scott s proven experience and vast knowledge of the technology and telecommunications space, his expertise in digital media and his key, strategic relationships will help us respond more rapidly to our clients  needs, build the right products and drive more revenue for Time Inc.,  said Ellis in a statement.  Michael has an unmatched understanding of the financial services category and played an integral role in launching Fortune.com and Money.com following our spinoff from Time Warner in 2014. 

Kelliher has more than two decades of sales, marketing and brand development experience. At Yahoo, he established and maintained key relationships in the technology and telecommunications vertical while developing the company s strategy across all digital media disciplines. Before joining Yahoo in January 2014, he worked at AOL as chief development officer and sales director for the technology and telecommunications category. Earlier in his career, Kelliher worked at Virgin Mobile, where he directed media and advertising services.

Time Inc. earlier this summer reorganized its ad sales group, with U.S. advertising sales organization now reporting to Mark Ford, EVP and chief revenue officer global advertising. The media company s new sales structure is configured in three groups: category sales, brand sales, and digital sales. In September, Time Inc. appointed Rich Battista its new president and CEO, with former chief exec Joe Ripp stepping down for health reasons. Battista, a former longtime Fox TV exec, joined Time Inc. in March 2015. How a NYSE exec responded to a question about Snapchat's valuation 

Snapchat s parent company, Snap, Inc., is going public next year. And with an IPO that could put the ephemeral messaging service provider s value at between $20 billion and $25 billion, some investors may wonder whether the company is priced too high for its own good.

After all, with 2017 revenue expected to reach $1 billion, Snap Inc. would be trading at 25 times the amount it pulls in. The last thing potential investors want to see is for the company to turn into another Twitter that falters under the weight of an outsized valuation.

According to Carolyn Saacke, COO of Capital Markets at the New York Stock Exchange, it s just too early to tell if Snap Inc. is worth its estimated cost of entry.



Saacke explained her hesitation to take a stand on the app s valuation during the EY Strategic Growth Forum in Palm Springs, Calif.

 You re pricing it for what the new investor base is willing to buy,  she said,  and they are looking at what the future growth prospects are based on what they are learning on the roadshow through discussions with the company and what s out there in terms of public markets. 

Generally speaking, Saacke said that companies that go public have to provide incentives for their early investors.

 For that company I can t comment, but certainly it s a question   In terms of for a long-term IPO market, those investors in that new public company need to be happy and they need to be satisfied that what they did is the right thing and that remains to be seen,  said Saacke.  It s a great question, and I think once we start seeing the public documentation everyone s going to have that question, as well. 

Still, some believe Snap s valuation is more than justified. In an interview with Yahoo Finance, Charlene Li, CEO and founder of Altimeter Group, said the company s projected 2017 revenue numbers are,  really good quality revenues,  adding that a 20 to 1 ratio of valuation to revenue is solid.

More from Dan:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. Here's how Snapchat could justify a $25 billion valuation It s official: Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, is going public in an IPO that could value the company anywhere between $20 billion and $25 billion.

To be sure, it s a landmark moment for the photo-messaging app, which cofounders Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy and Reggie Brown launched just over five years ago and now attracts over 60 million daily active users. But is Snap Inc. really worth as much as $25 billion?

Simply put,  yes,  according to Charlene Li, CEO and founder of Altimeter Group, the San Francisco, Calif.-based internet research and consulting firm.

One need look no further the top line of Snap Inc., whose main product involves sending self-erasing photos to your friends. Earlier this year, leaked documents revealed the startup expects to generate between $500 million and $1 billion in revenues in 2017, a healthy figure backed by third-party digital research firm eMarketer. Indeed, eMarketer expects Snap Inc. to make $935.5 million next year, up from $366.7 million in ad sales in 2016.

 The revenues are really good quality revenues,  explains Li, who views a 20 to 1 ratio of valuation to revenues as solid.  These are brand marketers who are saying,  Hey, they are shifting brand dollars   real brand dollars on other parts of the budget   to Snapchat.  More than anything else, because people are engaging with them, it is also a way to tap into something that is completely private as opposed to Facebook or Twitter. 

While Facebook s revenues, in particular, continue to exceed Wall Street expectations, driven largely by robust mobile ad sales, Snapchat s success with brand marketers seems more surprising, given Snapchat s inherent product focus is based around privacy.

Content posted on Facebook (FB) and Twitter (TWTR) is more geared towards public consumption, or at least consumption by a larger group of people. That s less so the case for Snapchat, which originally launched in September 2011 as an ethereal messaging app where messages from one user to another vanished in 10 seconds or less.

But as Snapchat matured so did its product, and Spiegel, Snapchat s CEO, has proven incredibly savvy in expanding the app in ways that seemed counterintuitive at the time but built and expanded user engagement. In January 2015, for example, Snapchat launched Snapchat Discover, which allowed media outlets from Cosmopolitan to The Wall Street Journal to publish content in a new section of the app.

More recently, Snapchat helped popularize augmented reality with Snapchat Lenses: masks, designs, and graphics that digitally superimposed on your face. A Cinco de Mayo lens on the app sponsored and paid for by Taco Bell received 224 million views, for example. Since Lenses, like other Snapchat content, disappear daily   unlike Facebook or Twitter content, which unless deleted, lingers in the digital atmosphere forever   those stats are even more impressive.

 WhatsApp is not a good advertising platform,  explains Li, referring to an encrypted messaging service for smartphones.  But Snapchat is fantastic as an advertising platform because it is made for brand advertising because of the visual element of it. I think they ve been very smart about tapping into this. 

Even more impressive? Where Spiegel potentially takes Snap Inc. from here. Besides an impending IPO, expected next March, the startup released Spectacles this September   a pair of camera-equipped glasses. Just as Facebook experimented with hardware, first with a failed Facebook phone, then the $2 billion acquisition of VR headset maker Oculus, the launch of Spectacles signals Spiegel and Snap Inc. are likewise interested in more than simply controlling the software end but also the hardware that people use to take snaps.

In other words, there s much more to come from the company once written off as a mere  sexting app. 

 

JP Mangalindan is a senior correspondent for Yahoo Finance covering the intersection of tech and business. Follow him on Twitter or Facebook.

More from JP Mangalindan:

Trump victory bursts Silicon Valley bubble

Why Trump might not be a disaster for tech

Obama s chief tech boss explains the shortage of women in tech

Shaquille O Neal explains why he missed the boat on investing in Starbucks

Michael Phelps is trying to be the Michael Jordan of ex-swimmers ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Announces Two-For-One Stock Split BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc., (SFBS) ("ServisFirst"), the holding company for ServisFirst Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a two-for-one common stock split in the form of a stock dividend. The stock dividend will be payable December 20, 2016 to stockholders of record as of December 5, 2016. Holders of ServisFirst's common stock as of the record date will receive one additional share for every share held on the record date of December 5, 2016.

As a result of the stock split, the total number of shares of common stock outstanding will increase from approximately 26.3 million to approximately 52.6 million. The additional shares of common stock are expected to be distributed on or about December 20, 2016 by ServisFirst's transfer agent, Computershare.

About ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.

ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company based in Birmingham, Alabama. Through its subsidiary, ServisFirst Bank, ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. provides business and personal financial services from locations in Birmingham, Huntsville, Mobile, Montgomery and Dothan, Alabama, Pensacola and Tampa Bay, Florida, Nashville, Tennessee, Atlanta, Georgia, and Charleston, South Carolina. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. files periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of its filings may be obtained through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or at www.servisfirstbank.com.

More information about ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. may be obtained over the Internet at www.servisfirstbank.com or by calling (205) 949-0302.

Contact: ServisFirst Bank

Davis Mange (205) 949-3420

DMange@servisfirstbank.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/servisfirst-bancshares-inc-announces-two-for-one-stock-split-300364655.html Prodigy Ventures Inc. Named One of Deloitte's Technology Fast 50(TM) and 2016 ... TORONTO, ON / ACCESSWIRE / November 16, 2016 / Prodigy Ventures Inc. (PGV.V) ("Prodigy" or the "Company") today announced that the Company has been named as one of Canada's fastest growing technology companies in the 19th annual Deloitte Technology Fast 50  awards for demonstrating bold innovation, dedicated leadership and strong growth. Prodigy also ranked on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 , a ranking of the 500 fastest growing technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and energy tech companies in North America.

The Deloitte Technology Fast 50 program celebrates leaders in the Canadian technology industry and tracks the successful growth of Canadian-grown leaders. The program augments the broader Deloitte North American Technology Fast 500  initiative with winners automatically eligible for this elite ranking. Prodigy's CEO, Tom Beckerman, commented, "We are delighted to be named one of the fastest growing technology companies, as we join the ranks of the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Canada and Fast 500 North America. Our revenue growth has been based on generating success for our enterprise clients, delivered by our outstanding team of professionals, and constantly pushing the envelope with emerging technologies."

"Fast 50 companies are the cutting-edge innovators leading the technology industry in Canada," said Anders McKenzie, Technology, Media and Telecommunications Managing Partner for Deloitte in Canada. "Their bold vision, unrivaled growth and true commitment to innovation allow them to not only improve today's world, but also shape tomorrow's."

To qualify for the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 ranking, companies must have been in business for at least four years, have revenues of at least $5 million, be headquartered in Canada, own proprietary technology, conduct research and development activities in Canada and invest a minimum of five percent of gross revenues in R&D.

Overall, 2016 Technology Fast 500 companies achieved revenue growth ranging from 121% to 66,661% from 2012 to 2015, with an average growth rate of 290%.

Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

About the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 

The Deloitte Technology Fast 50 program is Canada's pre-eminent technology awards program. Celebrating business growth, innovation and entrepreneurship, the program features three distinct categories including the Technology Fast 50 Ranking, Companies-to-Watch Awards (early-stage Canadian tech companies in business less than four years, with the potential to be a future Deloitte Technology Fast 50 candidate) and the Leadership Awards (companies that demonstrate technological leadership and innovation within the industry.) Program sponsors include Deloitte, Aequitas NEO Exchange, Bank of Montreal, Bennett Jones, OMERS Ventures and Vistara Capital Partners. For further information, visit www.fast50.ca.

About Deloitte's 2016 Technology Fast 500 

Technology Fast 500  provides a ranking of the fastest growing technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and energy tech companies - both public and private - in North America. Technology Fast 500 award winners are selected based on percentage fiscal year revenue growth from 2012 to 2015. In order to be eligible for Technology Fast 500 recognition, companies must own proprietary intellectual property or technology that is sold to customers in products that contribute to a majority of the company's operating revenues. Companies must have base-year operating revenues of at least $50,000 or USD, and current-year operating revenues of at least $5 million or USD. Additionally, companies must be in business for a minimum of four years, and be headquartered within North America.

About Prodigy Ventures Inc.

Prodigy Ventures is an innovation company that has combined an enterprise services business - Prodigy Labs - with a Venture Builder business. The two businesses work together to sell services and create new enterprise-grade platforms and apps using technologies such as mobile video, proximity, wearables, 3D & augmented reality.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:

PRODIGY VENTURES INC.

Andrew Hilton

Chief Financial Officer

Andrew.Hilton@Prodigy.Ventures

416-606-8833

Read More US Patent Allowance Granted to Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s Investment AXIM(R ... SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - November 16, 2016) - Medical Marijuana, Inc. (OTC PINK: MJNA) announced today that its major investment AXIM  Biotechnologies, Inc. (AXIM  Biotech) (AXIM), a world leader in hemp cannabinoid research and development, today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has issued a Notice of Allowance for U.S. Application Serial Number 9,433,601, a patent that claims the use of all cannabinoids in cannabinoid-containing controlled-release chewing gum products. A Notice of Allowance is issued after the USPTO makes a determination that a patent can be granted from the application, filed in April 2015. This patent covers the inclusion of all cannabinoids (both natural and synthetic) in a chewing gum delivery system, including Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), all of which may be incorporated in the Company's chewing gum products.

This new patent is an extension of AXIM  Biotech's patent for chewing gum as delivery methods for cannabidiol (Chewing Gum Compositions Comprising Cannabinoids). Prior to this new allowance, Patent 9,023,322 only claimed gum products as a delivery mechanism for cannabidiol (CBD), a well-known cannabinoid.

"We congratulate the AXIM team on receiving this new patent, another major milestone in the Company's continued efforts to research new solutions using cannabinoid-based drugs," said Dr. Stuart Titus, CEO of Medical Marijuana, Inc.

"This patent will enable AXIM to include any of the at least 85 different cannabinoid compounds found in the cannabis plant, including CBD and THC, into its multiple cannabinoid controlled-release chewing gum products," added Dr. Titus. "As investors in AXIM, we are enthusiastic about how the Company continues to move forward as a leader in cannabinoid research and development."

AXIM  Biotech developed the patents it now owns for chewing gum as a delivery method for cannabinoids into two separate products. Its CBD-only Canchew  gum is marketed and is legal to purchase wherever CBD hemp oil products are sold. AXIM  Biotech holds the exclusive rights to market and distribute CanChew  Gum globally. CanChew  is a botanical hemp-derived CBD chewing gum with a unique oral mucosal absorbance delivery system. Features listed on the CanChew  website include:

Non-habit forming

No prescription needed

Available in all 50 states

Great-tasting mint gum has no artificial sweeteners or preservatives

Non-GMO, gluten free, vegan and kosher

In addition, AXIM  will start clinical trials for its combination CBD/THC gum, MedChew  Rx, for the treatment of pain and spasticity associated with multiple sclerosis. Directly compared to a sublingually delivered cannabis-based product currently on the market for MS, the estimated market size for MedChew  Rx is $4.8 billion USD. MedChew  Rx is on track to be fully registered by the EMA and FDA.

AXIM has also developed CanChew Plus  CBD containing gum with improved delivery system and doses of 10 mg of CBD and 30mg of CBD which is set to begin clinical trials in the EU. Besides these, AXIM has developed CanChew Rx , which is based on pharmaceutical-grade, 99.9% pure CBD crystals, extracted and manufactured based on company IPs and containing 10, 30, 50, 100 and 150 mg of CBD in microencapsulated form (AXIM IP) for significantly increased bioavailability of the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient.

Another AXIM  Biotech patent-pending cannabis innovation in clinical trials is AX-1602. The first of its kind, AX-1602 contains CBG (cannabigerol) and other cannabinoids as a treatment for psoriasis and atopic dermatitis.

AXIM  Biotech's core belief is responsibility for environmental stewardship combined with development of innovative products to address conditions with no currently known effective treatment including: Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease/dementia, ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder), PTSD, autism, MS, spasticity, pain, RLS (restless leg syndrome), glaucoma, IBD, IBS and Crohn's disease.

About Medical Marijuana, Inc.

Our mission is to be the premier cannabis and hemp industry innovators, leveraging our team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. We strive to create awareness within our industry, develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses, while increasing shareholder value. For details on Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s portfolio and investment companies, visit www.medicalmarijuanainc.com.

Read More You can now safely use your iPhone behind the wheel without wires Apple s CarPlay software lets you safely use your iPhone behind the wheel of 170 different models of cars and trucks. But the fact that you need to use a Lightning cable to connect your handset to your vehicle in order to use the feature is a huge pain.

Apple (APPL) addressed the issue in 2015 with an update to its iOS 9 operating system that let automakers add wireless CarPlay connectivity to their vehicles. But we re only now starting to see the first cars that use the feature.

I recently got a peek at wireless CarPlay in action in a BMW 7 Series and seriously hope it comes to more vehicles soon. Today, BMW is the only automaker rolling out CarPlay wireless connectivity, but more are expected to offer the functionality in the future. Why the year-long delay? Because building a car with new features takes a lot longer than developing a software update for a service like CarPlay.

So why should you be pumped about CarPlay using a wireless connection? Because it means you don t have to haul around a silly Lightning cable whenever you want to use the software. Seriously, how many times have you jumped into your car only to realize that you don t have your Lightning cable with you? Probably enough to not even want to use CarPlay anymore.

Now though, you can get into your car and your iPhone will automatically connect to your vehicle s Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connections. Tap the on-screen CarPlay icon and your infotainment system will transform into a stripped down version of your iPhone s home screen.

Not to be left behind, Google (GOOG, GOOGL) announced back in May that its own in-car system, Android Auto, would begin rolling out wireless connectivity for vehicles with built-in Wi-Fi connections.

Outside of wireless connectivity, CarPlay will soon add the ability to directly control some of your car s functions using Siri. No, you won t be able to shift gears or turn off the engine, but you will be able to do things like turn on the radio, as well as change the climate control settings and defrosters. If you ve got a car that s a bit on the sportier side, you ll also be able to tell Siri to do things like change the suspension settings for a stiffer ride.

Of course, before you can do any of that, automakers will have to implement Apple s Siri kit in their vehicles, which might take awhile.

In the meantime, though, riding with your iPhone just got a lot easier.

More from Dan:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. New Colombia Resources, Inc. Meets with US Army Special Operations Command to ... BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA--(Marketwired - Nov 16, 2016) - New Colombia Resources, Inc. ( OTC PINK : NEWC ) ("New Colombia" or the "Company"), a Colombian company listed in the U.S. with premium metallurgical coal properties and medical marijuana operations, was called upon by a division of the U.S. Department of Defense to help a remote indigenous area of Colombia establish legal medical marijuana and hemp operations. A four-member team from the 98th Civil Affairs Battalion Airborne Baker Company based in Fort Bragg, NC traveled to Barranquilla, Colombia to meet over the weekend with Company President, John Campo, as well as stakeholder and spokesperson retired MLB All Star Edgar Renteria.

Several items were discussed at the meeting including the apparent support from the U.S. Department of State at the U.S Embassy in Bogota, the support from the Colombian General in command of the area, and New Colombia's desire to build out the zone to supply the World with 100% organic, all natural "Made in Colombia" medical marijuana and industrial hemp products with a need to create a market for these products. Initial efforts will be focused totally on legally supplying the local and World hemp and medicinal marijuana market, not recreational. There are hundreds of products that can produce creating thousands of jobs as well as sustainable crops for farmers with a guaranteed customer. New Colombia is committed to creating a market for these products; aggressive marketing efforts will be described soon.

New Colombia's joint venture, Sannabis, has been producing high quality medical marijuana products on indigenous land in Colombia since 2014. The addition of new plantations will allow both companies to sell container loads of Sannabis products around the world. "I'm honored to receive this call to duty from the U.S. Army, as a dual citizen I pledge my allegiance to both the Republic of Colombia and the United States of America," stated John Campo, President of New Colombia Resources, Inc. At the meeting both Mr. Campo and Mr. Renteria were given a special coin from the 98th Civil Affairs Battalion Airborne Baker Company in Colombia as a token of appreciation and commitment. The Company takes this very seriously and will work very hard to educate farmers on the value their crops will bring to mankind and the need to supply the best product possible while ensuring their livelihood and that of the whole community.

Sannabis will hold workshops and other socialization programs to train workers in this new industry. "As representatives of the U.S, it was great to see the passion this special op team had for a better Colombia; we're lucky to have them here. Needless to say, I consider this support to be very significant to our efforts to be one of the larger medical marijuana suppliers in the World," further commented Mr. Campo.

New Colombia Resources and their partners will be meeting with U.S. Army Special Operations officers, Colombian military Generals, tribal chiefs, and local townspeople in the next 10-15 days at a yet to be announced location in Colombia. More details will be provided at a later date.

To view or purchase Sannabis products visit www.sannabis.co. Follow Sannabis on Facebook for photos and testimonials at https://www.facebook.com/sannabis.oficial/

New Colombia Resources, Inc.

New Colombia Resources, Inc. owns vast reserves of premium metallurgical coal mining titles and a medical marijuana joint venture in the Republic of Colombia. They are setting up a rock mining operation to supply the major road and infrastructure projects within miles of their properties. They own 100% of La Tabaquera metallurgical coal mine in Colombia with an estimated 15- 17 million tonnes of reserves. They have an additional 1196 ha. metallurgical coal mining title that they are negotiating to develop with a foreign entity to build a coal fired power plant. New Colombia Resources holds a significant position in Sannabis SAS which legally produces medical marijuana products in the Republic of Colombia, visit www.sannabis.co. For more information on the Company visit www.newcolombiaresources.com

Forward Looking Statements

Forward Looking Statements; This Press Release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. A statement containing works such as "anticipate," "seek," intend," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "project," "plan," or similar phrases may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some or all of the events or results anticipated by these forward-looking statements might not occur. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include financing, the future U.S. and global economies, the impact of competition, and the Company's reliance on existing regulations. New Colombia Resources, Inc. does not undertake any duty nor does it intend to update the results of these forward-looking statements. 
2016-04-07
Verizon to Proceed With Yahoo Bid, Google Weighs Offer Verizon Communications Inc. plans to make a first-round bid for Yahoo Inc. s Web business next week, and is willing to acquire the company s Yahoo Japan Corp. stake to help sweeten the offer, according to people familiar with the matter.

Google, the main division of Alphabet Inc., is also considering bidding for Yahoo s core business, a separate person said.

Potential suitors AT&T Inc. and Comcast have decided against bidding, some of the people said, asking not to be identified as the discussions aren t public. Microsoft Corp., which failed with a hostile bid for Yahoo in 2008, won t bid this time, another person said.

Time Inc. is still evaluating a bid, while private equity funds Bain and TPG -- among others -- are also planning to make a run at the business, either alone or by backing a strategic acquirer, the people said.

While the buyout firms haven t yet paired themselves with a strategic buyer, they are open to the idea of doing so, the people said.

Yahoo has extended the deadline for first-round bids by a week, to April 18, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

Shares of Yahoo Japan jumped 6.4 percent in Tokyo, the biggest gain in almost three months. Yahoo shares fell 1.3 percent to $36.17 in New York Thursday.

Three Banks

Verizon and its subsidiary AOL Inc. are working with at least three financial advisers on the Yahoo bid, said three of the people. Hiring so many banks is a sign that Verizon is serious about its takeover plans -- it has said since late last year that it was interested in buying some or all of Yahoo.

Verizon, which has a market value of about $213 billion, could give the Yahoo Japan stake to its shareholders or sell it, one of the people said.

Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo would prefer to sell its 35.5 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, worth about $8.5 billion, along with the core business, Bloomberg reported last month. The valuation of the combined assets would make it more difficult for private equity firms to finance a bid for both parts.

Representatives for Yahoo, AT&T, Comcast, Time, TPG and Verizon declined to comment. Representatives for Bain and Google didn t immediately respond to requests for comment.

Revenue Drop

Based on the financial information that it s seen, Verizon values Yahoo s core business at less than $8 billion, one of the people said. Verizon, as well as some private equity firms, met with Microsoft last month to talk about potential funding for a bid, people familiar with the matter said at the time.

Microsoft hasn t committed any funding and is unlikely to provide anything more than a token investment to the winning bidder, one of the people said.

A spokesman for Microsoft declined to comment.

Yahoo s projected revenue will drop almost 15 percent and earnings by more than 20 percent for 2016, according to a slide deck it released to potential bidders, Re/code reported Wednesday.

Verizon would replace Yahoo Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer with AOL CEO Tim Armstrong and Marni Walden, Verizon s executive vice president, who would run a combined Yahoo and AOL, two of the people said.

Still on Deck

Japan s SoftBank Group Corp. has always had tepid interest in buying Yahoo, two of the people said. So far, discussions have centered around Yahoo Japan, in which SoftBank is the majority shareholder, paying a reduced licensing fee to Yahoo.

The two sides are in active discussions to lower this fee, which stands at three percent of gross revenue, before any deal to sell Yahoo is announced. Yahoo Japan has argued the fee is too high because Yahoo hasn t invested in technology the Asian company can use, causing the brand to suffer, one of the people said.

A representative of SoftBank declined to comment.

Yahoo s Alternatives

Yahoo said it would explore strategic alternatives, including selling its main Internet operations, earlier this year after scrapping a long-time plan to spin off its valuable Asian assets. The company s stock has declined about 20 percent in the past 12 months as turnaround efforts led by CEO Mayer stalled and sales have sagged, leaving the company vulnerable to activist investors.

Last month, CFO Ken Goldman said the board committee working on a possible sale of the core operations is  more active than anyone can possibly believe. 

Activist Starboard Value, a longtime Yahoo critic, said in March it was fed up with the Web portal s leadership and called for the board to be completely replaced.

The activist fund, which recently increased its Yahoo holdings to 1.7 percent, said the board has failed to deliver results. The current board can t be trusted to weigh the options that will best serve investors, and it s important for the activist to be involved to ensure a  full and fair sale process,  according to a letter from Starboard CEO Jeffrey Smith. Smith has put his own name in as one of the hedge fund s director nominees to the board. Yahoo! Inc.: Sale Book Walks Buyers Inside the 'Dilapidated House' of YHOO If the rumors are true   and there s probably at least some degree of truth to them   then Yahoo! Inc ( YHOO ) may be in even bigger trouble that investors realize.

Wednesday afternoon, Re/code contributor Kara Swisher reported she was in possession of the so-called  book  of relevant information given to prospective buyers of the beleaguered Yahoo   or at least its core business.

More than the data available in the company s quarterly filing, this book allegedly offers detailed outlooks about items ranging from projected traffic-acquisition costs (they re going up) to projected revenue from Yahoo! Japan (they re going down).

While the extent this book may help a suitor isn t yet clear, its very existence does speak to how serious Yahoo has gotten about finding a buyer for its core operation.

Unfortunately for YHOO stock holders, if the disclosures are as  confusing  and  confounded  as Swisher suggests, the sale price may well be much lower than the numbers currently being batted around.

Finally Getting a Bead on Yahoo   Sort Of

Take everything you re about to read with a grain of salt. While Swisher says she has a variety of reports and slides in her possession, she also says she cannot show them. Why? If they re not supposed to be available to anyone besides potential buyers of Yahoo s core business, how did she get them?

In spite of that, Re/code has been a reliable source of breaking news and inside information in the past. It s unlikely Swisher   who is also the executive editor for Re/code   would float a rumor she couldn t back up.

Whatever the case, the detailed information reveals a good deal of what s already evident and reasonably expected for the foreseeable future   a deteriorating business that shouldn t continue to deteriorate into 2016.

For instance, prospective buyers who ve seen the book see that Yahoo projects a 15% decline in this year s top line, in conjunction with a 20% year-over-year dip in profits. Specifically, stripping out traffic acquisition costs from the outlook, the company says core revenue is apt to fall from $4.1 billion in 2015 to $3.5 billion this year. EBITDA is expected to slide from just under $1 billion to $750 million. These numbers confirm what analysts were mostly already expecting.



Click to Enlarge Other red flags include stock-based compensation expenses that aren t apt to move lower, even though the company s headcount has shrunk and will continue to do so.

Yet another concern for a would-be buyer: Traffic acquisition costs will likely rise from $875 million last year to $1 billion in 2016, and presumably will continue to rise beyond that.

With all of that being said, even more troubling about this book is the alleged lack of clarity. While the ROI on its traffic acquisition sending is positive, the company will not clarify to what extent it is profitable. Perhaps it s not worth the bother. Nobody knows.

Similarly obfuscated are some of the company s costs. Some payroll expenses for employees working on search functionality are booked as a research expense. Meanwhile, the regional profit and loss breakdown isn t as broken down as a potential owner might like.

Moreover, the word is Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and other top management haven t exactly been forthcoming in discussing matters the book left out. She says she ll only share more details with those prospective buyers that make it to the second round of the bidding war   if one actually develops.

Bottom Line for Yahoo Stock

On the surface, current YHOO shareholders may be taking some solace knowing that at the very least, Mayer is trying to extract maximum market value for whatever piece of its business it s looking to sell.

There s just one problem with that premise   Yahoo needs a buyer more than a buyer needs Yahoo, and if a serious bidder can t get serious answers to serious questions, it s unlikely to make a serious offer.

It s not unlike the real estate market. In a so-called seller s market, a homeowner can hold out for a really great price, because if one buyer bulks, another one will be along soon enough.

In a buyer s market, buyers are few and far between and a seller may want to take any reasonable offer he or she can get, because there s no guarantee another one will be found anytime soon.

Yahoo is acting like it s in a seller s market, but for all its woes and grim future, it s in a buyer s market. Its insistence on toying with potential buyers may well work against it, and ultimately against the value of Yahoo.

We ll know more after Monday when the first bids are due.

As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace App Attack: Ink Hunter lets you test-drive tattoos before you get inked I ve always dreamed of getting a tattoo   specifically, one showing a favorite video game or comic book character (I haven t decided which one) posed against a huge American flag backdrop.

But I never actually got that tattoo, because I m terrified that I ll get it, take one look at the finished product, and immediately regret my decision.

Now there s an app   called Ink Hunter   that could finally help me decide whether or not I should go under the needle or not.

Available for iOS (and initially brought to my attention by TechCrunch), the app uses augmented reality to project a tattoo wherever you want on your body.

To get the tattoo to appear, you first have to draw a kind of emoji-style face on your body that the app uses to orient your tattoo of choice; I chose my wrist since it s easy to reach.

You then select the tattoo you want to use from Ink Hunter s library, and the app will display the same emoji-style face you drew on your body on your phone s screen.

Line up the on-screen face with the one on your body using your iPhone s camera and the tattoo will instantly appear on your phone s screen.

You snap a picture of the results in the app; you can then resize, reorient, or completely change the tattoo you selected. Of course, you can also use it to send your friends and family   hi, Mom!   a preview to see what they think.

In addition to the tattoos provided by Ink Hunter, you can also upload your own designs to see how they d look, and even check out tattoos by well-known artists.

If you re thinking about getting tattooed, and want to make sure you won t regret that decision the minute the inking is done, Ink Hunter could be just what you need.

Unfortunately, it can t do anything about that awful tribal tat you got your freshman year of college. You ll just have to live with that.

via: TechCrunch

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.

 Yahoo faithful seek calm at the eye of the storm Empty desks can be seen at the Yahoo! headquarters in Sunnyvale, California and employees talk of "poachers" hunting talent at the company For those faithful to Marissa Mayer's vision for the future of Yahoo, cries sounding the company's demise stop at the door to its Silicon Valley main campus.

Shouting by activist investors eager to overthrow the board and critics' proclamations that the end is near are muted inside the campus walls by a confidence by some here that the pioneering internet firm is not dying but being reborn.

"Working inside Yahoo feels nothing like what is being said on the outside," Adam Cahan, senior vice president of product and engineering in charge of video, told AFP during a chat on the company's Sunnyvale headquarters.

"That stuff I read, I would tell you I am at a completely different company; I am literally having this out-of-body experience."

Cahan was promoted by Mayer after she took the job as Yahoo chief executive in 2012 with a mission to return the one-time online search star to its former glory.

She had Cahan lead a belated charge into mobile at a time when lifestyles had shifted to smartphones but the bulk of Yahoo's focus still went into offerings tailored for those going online using desktop or laptop computers.

It remains unclear whether Mayer will fulfill her vision for Yahoo, since an activist investor has launched a campaign to oust her and the rest of the board and a deadline for bids for company assets was reportedly set for April 11.

While Yahoo! President and CEO Marissa Mayer injected some energy and glamor into the company, Yahoo's overall finances have failed to improve

Empty desks can be seen at the headquarters, and employees talk of "poachers" hunting talent at the company.

While Mayer injected some energy and glamor into the company, Yahoo's overall finances have failed to improve, with the company's valuation propped up by its stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.

Yahoo is facing perhaps the deepest crisis since helping pioneer Internet users more than two decades ago, having fallen behind online innovators such as Google and Facebook.

Earlier this year, the company opened the door to a sale of its core operations at the same time it is pursuing Mayer's efforts at revitalization.

But some shareholders are impatient, and one activist investment group has launched a bid to gain control of the Yahoo board, calling the transformation efforts a failure.

Tilting to engineers

In Sunnyvale, however, the work continues.

When Mayer took charge, fewer than 30 engineers out of company that then had about 13,000 employees were developing for mobile Internet. Overall, less than 15 percent of the workforce was involved in technical jobs.

Mayer set out to make Yahoo a "mobile-first" company and, in a dramatic internal shift, skewed the workforce to engineers. More than half of the jobs in Yahoo's streamlined workforce are now technical.

Meanwhile, the ranks of people tapping into Yahoo offerings on mobile devices swelled to 680 million, and revenues from mobile, video, native advertising and social climbed over $1.6 billion.

The ranks of people tapping into Yahoo offerings on mobile devices has swelled to 680 million, and revenues from mobile, video, native advertising and social have climbed over $1.6 billion

Video viewing is up nearly 80 percent from a year ago, and revenue related to video has jumped 64 percent year-over-year to $375 million.

"For me, it represents the kind of tectonic shift we have been experiencing inside the company that hasn't been apparent on the outside," said Cahan.

Cahan took on video at Yahoo about six months ago, putting him in charge of one facet of Mayer's term of "Mavens" mobile, video, native advertising and social.

A live sport streaming partnership to stream a National Football League game was so successful that Yahoo went on to partner with other US sports leagues.

With the Mavens strategy, Yahoo is pursuing areas that promise growth even as it faces headwinds in its traditional search and Web businesses.

While outsiders rail that Yahoo's quarterly financial figures lack of growth, insiders see Mavens as hidden success blossoming as the company's old businesses wither.

"These are massive growth platforms that can change the course of Yahoo," Cahan said.

Yahoo answer to Siri?

Enrique Munoz Torres heads the team fashioning Yahoo's place in the world of online search, adapting to mobile and tailoring results to individual users while behind the scenes Microsoft and Google handle the heavy lifting of cataloging everything on the Internet.

While he wouldn't disclose details regarding what Yahoo may have in mind, he said he was excited by the potential of digital virtual assistants such a Google Now, Apple's Siri, and Microsoft's Cortana.

"It is an area that we find fascinating," he said, without elaborating on any specific Yahoo plans in the sector.

Simon Khalaf, who headed the analytics firm Flurry acquired by Yahoo, also sees growth potential.

"Yahoo is going to be a property where you consume media; talk about media, and have utility. It is a big departure from what Yahoo used to be," he hold AFP.

The head of the team behind Yahoo's widely used free email service, Jeff Bonforte, described himself as a "boomerang" employee who left the company for a while then returned when it bought Xobni, a start-up he had joined.

Bonforte said the company has made progress in improving products like Yahoo Mail, which draws users into Yahoo's world, where it can then make money with ads or other methods.

Still, many analysts say Yahoo has a long and difficult path to find its former glory.

The research firm Trefis said in a note last month that while Yahoo has made progress in some areas, it "has not been able to capitalize on new web-trends in the past, namely social, local and mobile."

Trefis analysts say that Yahoo "faces an increased threat to both its search and display advertising businesses" and needs to do more to adapt to mobile.

Yahoo needs "a dedicated mobile platform" to showcase its content, and "aggressive marketing" to revamp its image for investors and users, Trefis said.

Explore further: Yahoo sets deadline for buyers to present preliminary bids: report 
2016-10-31
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Missed Earnings 3 times Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) moved down -0.21% and closed its last trading session at $41.78. This Computer and Technology Sector stock currently has the Market Capitalization of 40.21 Billion. The Average Volume for the stock is measured as 10.66 Million. The Stock has a 52-Week High of $44.92 and 52-Week Low of $26.15 following the dates, it touched its 52-Week High on Sep 7, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Feb 11, 2016. Currently, the Return on Assets value for the trailing twelve months is -10.2% with the Return on Equity and Return on Investment of -15.9% and -15.4% respectively. This firm currently has YTD (year to date) performance of 25.62 Percent which is awesome. The Short Ratio for the stock is 4.79.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio is 0. EPS or Earning per Share stands at $-5.1. The TTM operating margin is 0 percent.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) reports its Earnings on Tue 18 Oct (12 days ago). The estimated EPS for the current quarter is said to be $0.14. Following Earnings result, share price were DOWN 16 times out of last 27 Qtrs. The stock has added about 0.2% since it reported its last earnings. The Closing price of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) at Last Earnings was $41.68 as compared to the previous closing price of $41.78. The Predicted Move on the 7th day after Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) will release its earnings at about 4%.

By Looking at Earnings History, Out of 12 Quarters when the Earnings were reported, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) beats earnings by 58%, The Stock Missed Earnings 3 times and has met earnings 2 times.

Earnings History:

We will discuss the past Quarters Earnings below:

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) reported its previous quarter on 10/18/2016 where it reported the Actual Earnings of $0.2. The Closing price before the company posted its earnings was $41.68. The Stock surged on the very next day of earnings and maintained its stock price at $42.73 by showing a % change of 2.52 percent from its previous closing price. The Next Day Volume after Earnings was reported as 14.53 Million. On the 7th day After Earnings Report, the stock hit its share price as $42.55 by showing 2.09% increase from the Stock price Before Earnings were reported.

On 07/18/2016, the stock reported the EPS of $0.09 where Analysts were projecting the EPS to be $0.1 showing a difference of $-0.01. Thus Surprise Factor was there with -10 percent. Before Earnings Announcement on 07/18/2016, the firm had its stock price of $37.95. And immediately on the next day after earnings announcement, the stock inclined 0.58% and closed its trading session at $38.17. On 7th Day after earnings release, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) surged to 0.97% from $37.95 to $38.32.

On 04/19/2016, Analysts were suspecting EPS of $0.07/share where Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) reported its Actual EPS of $0.08. Thus showing a Surprise of 14.3 percent. The Closing Price of the stock before earnings was $36.33 while on the Next day the stock closed its trading session at $37.84 with a percentage change of 4.16% from the price of 36.33 before Earnings. The Stock Closing Price on the 7th day of earnings was $37.11.

Company Profile:

Yahoo! Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides search and display advertising services on Yahoo properties and affiliate sites worldwide. The company offers Yahoo Search that serves as a guide for users to discover information on the Internet; Yahoo Mail, which connects users to the people and content; and Yahoo Messenger, an instant messaging service, which enables users to connect, communicate, and share experiences in real-time. It also provides digital content products, including Yahoo News, which gives users to discover, consume, and engage around the news, content, and video; Yahoo Sports, which serves audiences of sports enthusiasts; Yahoo Finance that offers a range of financial data, information, and tools; Yahoo Lifestyle to engage users passionate about style and fashion; and Tumblr, which provides a Web platform and mobile applications on iOS and android to create, share, and curate content, as well as Tumblr messaging that enables users to engage with other users that share their same interests and passions. In addition, the company provides advertiser products, such as Yahoo Gemini, a marketplace for search and native advertising; and BrightRoll, which offers a suite of media-agnostic tools to enable advertisers, publishers, and partners connect with users across ad formats and devices. Further, it offers advertising formats; and digital advertising products, such as Yahoo native, Yahoo video, Yahoo premium, and Yahoo audience ads. Additionally, the company offers Yahoo Mobile Developer suite consisting of Flurry Analytics, Yahoo App Publishing, Yahoo App Marketing, and Tumblr In-App Sharing tools to measure, monetize, advertise, and improve their apps. Yahoo! Inc. was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Why Verizon Wants Yahoo Marni Walden talks about how the Yahoo hack could affect the Verizon-Yahoo deal.

Do you Yahoo YHOO 0.15% ? Apparently Verizon VZ -0.61% does. The company surprised the world earlier this summer by striking a deal to buy Yahoo for about $5 billion.

The Wall Street Journal s Jason Anders spoke with the woman behind that deal, Verizon s president of product innovation and new businesses, Marni Walden. Here are edited excerpts of the conversation.

Still on target?

MR. ANDERS: In September Yahoo said that it appeared that it was the victim of a very large, state-sponsored hack, more than 500 million user accounts accessed. This may well turn out to be the largest hack of its kind ever.

So where does that leave this deal? Are you renegotiating?

MS. WALDEN: The first question is, does this deal strategically still make sense to us. And the answer to that is it absolutely does. The reason we wanted to get this asset is we wanted to increase the audience scale that we have at AOL [which Verizon purchased last year]. So it very much makes sense.

What we have to be careful about is what we don t know. I ve got an obligation to make sure that we protect our shareholders and our investors, so we re not going to jump off a cliff blindly. But strategically the deal still makes a lot of sense to us.

Yahoo is conducting their investigation. There s lots of information that Verizon still needs. They ll give us that. We re hoping that in the next 60 days or less that we can have an outcome.

But right now they are conducting the investigation and will be providing us information.

MR. ANDERS: What exactly will I as a consumer see differently if and when Yahoo comes into the fold?

MS. WALDEN: Maybe if I can start back in time a little bit, about how we got to AOL. Ultimately Verizon had a number of assets that needed ad-tech capabilities to monetize those assets.

We had the oil in the ground. We didn t have the rigs to pull it out.

We then looked at a number of ways to get to that, and AOL made a lot of sense, so we did that deal. But if you look at where AOL is in terms of audience, even with adding Verizon to it, we re still 200, 300 million eyeballs.

Too small to really be meaningful in that space. You compare it to others in the space, they re in the billions. Yahoo brings a billion-plus eyeballs or audience to the platform. We thought, clearly, there s synergies in the deal. It makes sense to put them together.

How we think about it is that there are a number of brands. To simplify it, if you think about a shopping mall, the name of the company right now is called MediaCo. That s what we refer to when we look at all of the assets underneath that.

But ultimately inside of that shopping mall are a number of stores. And that s Yahoo Mail, AOL Mail, Tech Crunch, Huffington Post, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Sports. And each one of those storefronts gathers eyeballs, and we think we can continue to add content and assets that Verizon has to each one of those storefronts. So you bring audience to that platform, and then you can monetize it through advertising.

Head to head

MR. ANDERS: Do you think that the Yahoo brand remains someplace that advertisers are willing to be closely associated with?

MS. WALDEN: Yes, I think they do. They still are today. Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Sports still has significant traffic on it. And those brands will continue to live in that storefront, as I talked about.

MR. ANDERS: Talk about the content side. You talked about maybe reimagining sports. What else are you looking to do on that front in terms of serving up different types of content that we don t have right now?

Marni Walden describes her company's mobile-first approach in a push for millennials.

MS. WALDEN: We have been very much focused on millennial and younger, because that s where the market is moving. We ve invested in content, AwesomenessTV, Complex Networks.

Complex [a network of websites] has a huge following with male audience 18 to 24. And then AwesomenessTV [a multichannel network], similar with young women, 13 to 24.

This is a new kind of format, and it s a mobile-first kind of format. It s a very different strategy than going after a market that s more traditional and more aligned with a pay-TV model.

Write to reports@wsj.com

Appeared in the Oct. 31, 2016, print edition. 
2016-08-15
Agritek Holdings, Inc. Announces Strategic Alliance and Partnership With ... LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - August 15, 2016) - Agritek Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: AGTK) (www.Agritekholdings.com), a leader in Compassionate Care Technology and agricultural solutions for the recreational cannabis industry, today announced that the company has executed a strategic alliance and Letter of Intent with WoahStork.com (www.woahstork.com) a web based application allowing patients and recreational users in CA, CO, OR, and NV to electronically upload their government issued ID and medical marijuana recommendation, peruse a curated marketplace of nearby products, and place online orders with local dispensaries. The unique web based application is the first of its kind providing the encrypted storage of patient information, strain library and geographical location to medicinal and recreational cannabis providers in aforementioned legal jurisdictions while allowing for pre-ordering and surgical advertising on behalf of the client. WoahStork.com aims to be the "Amazon of Marijuana."

Agritek Holdings looks to add patients and dispensaries each week to WoahStork's growing user base. The parties have agreed on a 30% revenue share on a $3.75 transaction fee with additional revenues to be shared through advertising models, non-cannabis product sales and doctor's appointment setting and record management fees. The web-based application will also soon release a mobile version that will be expanded through a joint venture with Agritek Holdings. Those patients seeking to immediately join the network and obtain rewards points for purchases or dispensaries seeking to take advantage of the application may join at the following links: for patients: http://goo.gl/278mCo; for dispensary owners: http://goo.gl/waQGNy.

"It is about time we get back to our original roots as being one of the first public Companies within the cannabis sector focusing on technology, storage of patient records and financial transactions within the industry. We chose to partner with WoahStork creating a partnership with a high barrier of entry on the technology side as they have created technology far more advanced than a social media forum for cannabis or a delivery service. By combining patients, consumers and creating a HPPA compliant application for medical record storage, a database of the most popular strain library creating user profiles and allowing these patients and consumers to find out where to purchase these specific strains in a geographical location nearest to them immediately is the future and segment of this sector that makes the only sense for investors in my opinion," stated B. Michael Friedman, CEO of Agritek Holdings, Inc.

"We have tried purchasing growing fields, dealing with dispensaries for products including the vaporizer market which has now been destroyed with new FDA regulations. With dispensaries now facing higher scrutiny from the IRS with regard to record keeping and cash transactions, the smart money will be invested in the technology side of this sector, which we believe WoahStork has created through their cutting edge application. With Agritek's knowledge of financial transactions, banking, dispensary relationships and patient records storage we believe both companies as a combined force within the public markets will gain undeniable attention," added Friedman.

Nicco Reggente, CEO of WoahStork, added, "Agritek's relationships with doctors and dispensaries in the medical and recreational marijuana industry stand to rapidly accelerate our user acquisition efforts and expand our dispensary partnerships."

About Agritek Holdings, Inc.

Agritek Holdings, Inc. (www.Agritekholdings.com), a pioneer within the medicinal marijuana space, provides innovative patient and agricultural solutions and seeks to be the leader in Compassionate Care Technology for the medicinal marijuana industry. Agritek Holdings, Inc. does not directly grow, harvest, or distribute or sell cannabis or any substances that violate or contravene United States law or the Controlled Substances Act, nor does it intend to do so in the future.

FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER:

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Agritek Holdings, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein. Anutra Medical Launches into National Dental Distribution with NDC, Inc. MORRISVILLE, N.C., Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Anutra Medical continues its momentum of rapid growth by selecting NDC, Inc. as their first master distribution partner.

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160812/397833

"Being at Anutra for just a few months, I am continually impressed by the huge wins and momentum of this company." Jeffery Daner, VP Business Development and Sales remarks. "I have had experience working with NDC for over 16 years. Their organization maintains the highest level of service for their distributor customers and is a perfect fit for our growing brand at Anutra."

In April 2015, Anutra Medical began selling the Anutra Local Anesthetic Delivery System directly to dentists. After a year of successful growth in sales, Anutra Medical strategically selected NDC, Inc. and its dealers to be their first distribution partner to help continue the exponential growth.

NDC, Inc., headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee, provides a wide range of customized solutions for manufacturers to expand their reach. With over 1,400 distributors, NDC will expand Anutra's ability to reach even more customers. In the short year Anutra has been selling its local anesthetic delivery system, the company is on track to see nearly two hundred percent growth in revenue in 2016.

"As I sit with practitioners using our products, it is so impactful to know we are fulfilling our purpose and vision of eliminating patient's fear of local anesthesia. It greatly excites me to know that with NDC, we will magnify our impact and be that much closer to change the perception of local anesthesia for the better," explains Cameron Perkins, CEO of Anutra Medical.

Anutra Medical plans to launch its sales efforts with NDC in September 2016.

About Anutra Medical, Inc.

Located in Research Triangle Park, NC, Anutra Medical is a team of experienced dental and health care professionals focused on providing solutions to enhancing the patient experience and increasing office efficiency. We are leveraging the science of buffering local anesthetics through our innovative and revolutionary delivery system. Our core belief is creating partnerships with practices. We foster these relationships by either performing in office implementations or utilizing technology for educating and training.

Media Contact: Ryan Vet, Anutra Medical, 9198253926, ryan@anutramedical.com

News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com Stocks Trading in Heavy Volume   Silicon Graphics International Corp (NASDAQ ... posted by on August 15, 2016 at 12:16 pm

Silicon Graphics International Corp (NASDAQ: SGI) last traded at $7.70 up 1.72 (28.68 percent). The company is up 46.20 percent during the last four weeks, up 30.42 percent year to date, and up 40.59 percent during the past four quarters.

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA) last traded at $61.41 up 1.71 (2.86 percent). The company is up 15.78 percent during the last four weeks, up 86.32 percent year to date, and up 157.72 percent during the past four quarters.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) last traded at $42.17 up 0.90 (2.18 percent). The company is up 11.08 percent during the last four weeks, up 26.79 percent year to date, and up 22.04 percent during the past four quarters.

Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE: CHK) last traded at $5.05 up 0.015 (0.30 percent). The company is up 9.61 percent during the last four weeks, up 12.11 percent year to date, and -37.41 percent during the past four quarters.

Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) last traded at $4.24 up 0.01 (0.24 percent). The company is up 3.41 percent during the last four weeks, up 4.18 percent year to date, and up 7.07 percent during the past four quarters.

Micron Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: MU) last traded at $14.77 up 0.34 (2.36 percent). The company is up 11.22 percent during the last four weeks, up 4.31 percent year to date, and -19.10 percent during the past four quarters.

Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) last traded at $6.73 up 0.152 (2.31 percent). The company is up 30.06 percent during the last four weeks, up 134.56 percent year to date, and up 251.84 percent during the past four quarters.

Nordstrom Inc. (NYSE: JWN) last traded at $50.94 up 3.38 (7.11 percent). The company is up 23.81 percent during the last four weeks, up 2.27 percent year to date, and -31.76 percent during the past four quarters.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) last traded at $108.21 up 0.28 (0.26 percent). The company is up 11.11 percent during the last four weeks, up 2.80 percent year to date, and -6.07 percent during the past four quarters.

Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. ((Toronto Stock Exchange: VRX) last traded at $24.72 up 0.2301 (0.94 percent). The company is up 5.84 percent during the last four weeks, -75.68 percent year to date, and -89.93 percent during the past four quarters. Medicine Man Technologies Inc. to Acquire Pono Publications and Success Nutrients DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / August 15, 2016 / Medicine Man Technologies Inc. (MDCL), one of the country's leading cannabis branding and consulting companies, announced today that it has agreed in principle to acquire Pono Publications Inc. and Success Nutrients Inc., each a Colorado corporation. The closing of this transaction is subject to due diligence and execution of more definitive agreements, which is expected to occur on or before November 9, 2016. The consideration to be paid by Medicine Man Technologies includes the issuance of 7 million shares of Medicine Man Technologies' common stock and retention of key team member employment consideration.

The Pono Publications Inc. brand includes the Three A LightTM cultivation publication with a 'Professional Grade' version (scheduled for release by year end) being developed exclusively for both Three A LightTM and Medicine Man Technologies clients. This new cultivation protocol has already achieved yields in the 450-gram per square foot range (flowering canopy, annualized) and is deployable in both greenhouse and indoor based cultivation facilities. In addition to having a consulting client in Las Vegas, since January of this year, Pono Publications has sold in excess of 800 of the Three A LightTM manuals (currently list for $500) on both their web site (www.threealight.com) and on Amazon.com.

The Success Nutrients brand provides one of the key underpinnings of the cultivation methodology and is essential to the overall Three A LightTM performance metric. With an investment of two years of research, development and intense testing, this product line was specifically formulated for the cannabis industry. Within nine months of operations, this new start up business has already achieved strong growth, most recently generating $100,000 in sales in July (up from 1st month sales of $4,000 in December 2015). While there can be no assurances of future growth given at this time, recent inquiries suggest this company will be growing considerably in the upcoming year (www.successnutrients.com).

The combination of these two new businesses is expected to allow Medicine Man Technologies to establish a cultivation improvement offering to existing cultivation facility owners not yet able to achieve these performance levels. Adoption of this new methodology is expected to allow most business owners the ability to improve their existing cultivation performance metrics while maintaining the highest quality product.

Josh Haupt, Principal and Founder of Pono Publications and Success Nutrients stated, "After spending many years in development of both my proprietary nutrient line and cultivation methodologies, I am pleased to have found a new partnership opportunity in which I truly believe my companies will be able to grow with. The fact that Medicine Man Technologies is also a well-known presence in the cannabis industry should allow us to add substantial value back to the business as a whole while making more efficient use of our mutual resources."

Brett Roper, MMT's COO and Co-Founder noted, "As we continue to search for opportunities within our industry we were amazed to find such a remarkable prospect so close to home. The fact that these two ventures are so well developed and already generating cash flow as well as profits is extraordinary and we are excited to add these two new elements to our brand warehouse deployment. Additionally, Success Nutrients, in combination with Pono Publications and Three A LightTM add a whole new depth of value to the current Medicine Man Technologies cultivation deployment initiatives we are deploying nationwide for our clients."

Andy Williams, MMT's CEO and Co-Founder added, "Prior to touring Josh Haupt's cultivation facilities, I had never met an industrial cultivator of cannabis that was better than Medicine Man. Now I have. I believe Josh Haupt and Three A LightTM are hands down the best industrial cultivators of cannabis in the world. I could not be more excited to welcome Pono Publications and Success Nutrients to Medicine Man Technologies. The revenue and earnings potential of both products are tremendous. Paired with the leadership and charisma that Josh Haupt will bring to our executive management team and the synergies of our current product and service portfolio, the potential growth on all product and service fronts is exciting."

Read More Sovran Self Storage, Inc. Rebrands and Begins Trading as Life Storage, Inc. (LSI) BUFFALO, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Sovran Self Storage, Inc. (SSS), a self storage real estate investment trust (REIT), announced today the official change of its corporate name to Life Storage, Inc. (NYSE:LSI). Shares of Life Storage will begin trading under the ticker symbol LSI on the New York Stock Exchange effective immediately.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160815005545/en/

Concurrently, the Company announced the change of its brand name from Uncle Bob s Self Storage to Life Storage  and the launch of its redesigned website, www.lifestorage.com.

Robert Attea, Chairman of the Board, other members of the board and management will ring the closing bell on the New York Stock Exchange on August 16, 2016. Interested parties may watch the live video of the event beginning at approximately 3:55 p.m. EDT at https://livestream.com/NYSE.

ABOUT LIFE STORAGE, INC:

Life Storage, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed equity REIT that is in the business of acquiring and managing self storage facilities. The Company operates approximately 650 self storage facilities in 29 states under the names Uncle Bob s Self Storage and Life Storage. For more information, visit http://invest.lifestorage.com/.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160815005545/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160815005545/en/ 
2016-07-08
Yahoo! Inc.: This Could Spark a Massive Surge in Yahoo Stock By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : July 8, 2016

Here s Why I m Sticking with Yahoo Stock

The chart for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) reflects Yahoo stock s shaky performance. It looks like the EKG of a patient suffering from a very odd heartbeat. There s a sense that investors have all but given up on Yahoo stock, yet had you bought Yahoo shares last February at $26.00, you would have made a handsome 42% profit in April. At that time, YHOO stock had a share price of more than $37.00.

In other words, appearances can be deceiving and the appearance for Yahoo stock now is that it s risky. In fact, it doesn t take a fearless investor to consider Yahoo, given the fact that everybody on Wall Street expects a rich buyer to enter the stage and acquire Yahoo s major assets. It s an open secret that the likeliest buyer is Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ).

The last time I checked, Verizon is doing rather well these days. The company had to deal with a long strike, but the stock climbed all the way through, touching a new all-time high a few days ago. Why is this relevant? It simply further substantiates the company s willingness and, more importantly, its ability to acquire what Yahoo is selling.

However, others are also vying for Yahoo assets, including Quicken Loans Inc. and AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T). (Source:  Yahoo Has Received Multiple Bids at or Above $5 Billion for Core Business,  CNBC, June 9, 2016.)

What this means for investors is that they have not missed the chance to make money from Yahoo stock after all. The Yahoo auction is on but the outcome that is, who ends up winning Yahoo s core business and at what price is still in the air. What we do know is that it s going to happen this summer.

The main takeaway is that Yahoo stock has not lost any of its charm. Many want to get their hands on its one-billion-strong userbase, thanks to popular web sites covering topics from finance to sports. This draw in users can then become a potential source of monetization. Apparently  Yahoo Mail  is still highly popular, attracting 250 million users, as are the company s sports and financial news services. (Source:  What Would You Do Without Your Yahoo? Avid Users Fret as Decision Looms,  USA Today, June 30, 2016.)

The kind of user numbers Yahoo can boast didn t just arrive overnight. The company took years to generate them, securing a desirable and unexpected brand loyalty. This is the kind of loyalty you cannot fake; it s also the kind of loyalty you cannot generate in a month, or even a year.

Yahoo is the last major survivor of the Internet pioneers and covers various generations of users. This provides a wide range of monetization opportunities, which is an important fact to consider if you have any doubts about why Yahoo has stayed so relevant for someone to bid $4.0 $5.0 billion or more for its assets.

Should you be a gloom-and-doom doubting Thomas or skeptical Jane type, note that Yahoo also comes with some millennial-drawing apps, such as  Flickr,  the photo sharing tool, or  Tumblr,  which have gathered more than 112 million and 555 million respective users. (Source:  Leading Social Networks Worldwide as of April 2016, Ranked by Number of Active Users,  Statista, last accessed July 1, 2016.) You don t need to know what Flickr is to get that it s a big draw for Yahoo and it increases the company s value. (Source:  Thank You, Flickr Community,  Flickr Official Blog, June 10, 2015.)

I can t even begin to explain what Tumblr does, but I know that it takes a long time to get half a billion users to visit a web site. Therefore, I can see that it makes Yahoo that much more valuable.

Forget about Yahoo launching new products now. It does not need to do that any longer, as it has enough to draw the biggest players (in telecoms) who are hungry to build their online presence. Yahoo gives them the chance to buy a turnkey userbase.

Yahoo stock, while teetering up and down, has not moved too far off its $34.00 $37.00 range. It has not fallen back to the lows of February 2016. The next massive upside for Yahoo stock will come with the winning bid. DraftKings, FanDuel, Yahoo Get Cease-And-Desist Letters In Delaware After a run of relatively positive news, the daily fantasy sports industry suffered a bit of a setback on Friday.

The office of Attorney General Matt Denn came to the conclusion that DFS is illegal under state law, the latest state AG to come to that conclusion.

The DFS industry has gained legal clarity in six states this year with the passage of new laws, including several in recent months.

What happened with Delaware and DFS

The Delaware Department of Justice posted a press release on Friday, indicating it had sent cease-and-desist letters to DFS sites including DraftKings, FanDuel and Yahoo on Thursday.

According to the state DOJ, those sites   online fantasy sports activities are not permitted under Delaware law.  The state agency has  asked that the companies add Delaware to their respective online lists of states in which players are not legally permitted to win monetary prizes. 

FanDuel and DraftKings had no comment to Legal Sports Report. Yahoo did not immediately offer comment to LSR.

Why now for Delaware and DFS?

There had been some chatter in the state about looking into the legality of DFS at the end of 2015. At the time, Delaware Finance Secretary Tom Cook said the issue was being examined.

According to Delaware Online at the time:

 We ve obviously been following all of the events that have been going on surrounding this,  Cook said.  When Nevada made the first move to shut down the sites, we felt that it was our obligation to certainly understand their reasoning behind it. 

There had been almost no chatter in the state in 2016, at least until a bill cropped up late in the legislature s session. That legislation would have legalized, regulated and taxed DFS.

The statehouse, however, adjourned for the summer at the end of June, without passing the bill.

The failure to pass the bill is why the DOJ is making its voice heard this week. According to the DOJ, its opinion had been known for months:

DOJ had initially notified state regulators in March of this year that these types of games were not permitted under Delaware law, and this information was subsequently shared by those agencies with certain of the companies in question. The Department initially refrained from taking formal action because certain online fantasy sports companies indicated that a change in Delaware law would be proposed in the state legislature. However, with the General Assembly s session expiring on June 30th and no such changes in the law having occurred, DOJ sent formal notices to the companies Thursday.

DFS and the law in Delaware

The DOJ did not issue a full opinion on DFS legality, but it did touch on its thinking, saying the constitution  clearly articulates the general prohibition of gambling in the State. 

Specifically, Article II, section 17 prohibits  [a]ll forms of gambling  except  (a) Lotteries under State control for the purpose of raising funds.  Online fantasy sports games that are offered in Delaware are not presently  under State control.  Relying on the Delaware Constitution, as well as State and Federal case law, DOJ attorneys determined that online fantasy contests that involve payment for playing and monetary rewards constitute gambling because chance, as opposed to skill, is the dominant factor in the outcome of these contests.

It also goes on to say why chance is a large part of playing DFS contests, along the lines of opinions issued in other states:

The most skilled participants might lose and less skilled participants might win because of what actually happens during the real-life game. In other words, real-life players are human and human behavior is unpredictable.

And later:

While it is acknowledged that certain individuals may use their respective sports knowledge in selecting their fantasy players and otherwise participating in such contests, that factor alone does not make the contests games of skill.

Will DFS sites stay in Delaware?

Given the small size of Delaware, it would seem sites would give the state up without a fight, at least in the short term.

DraftKings and FanDuel have not fought such opinions in Hawaii and Idaho, for example, likely because of the cost-benefit ratio for engaging in legal battles in those states.

And while fighting AG opinions was the early tactic employed by DraftKings and FanDuel, Illinois is the only jurisdiction where both sites are still fighting an AG opinion in court. (A bill failed to pass in the state this spring.)

The two sites have a settlement in New York, where a DFS bill was recently passed. In Texas, FanDuel reached a settlement, while DraftKings has an active case.

For other DFS operators, the DOJ also alludes to the fact that the three sites that were sent letters aren t the only ones affected (bolding added):

Put simply, current Delaware law does not permit online fantasy sports contests where there is payment required for participation and a possibility of winning money like those offered by DraftKings, Inc., FanDuel, Inc., and Yahoo! Inc.

Other state AGs and DFS

A state AG or other governmental body hadn t weighed in on the legality of DFS in several months. The last action on this front came in Alabama, when DraftKings, FanDuel and most other operators left Alabama to meet a deadline set by AG Luther Strange.

The industry had actually succeeded in rolling back negative AG opinions in a pair of states   Mississippi and Tennessee   by passing laws legalizing DFS in those jurisdictions. A third could happen in NY if Gov. Andrew Cuomo signs a bill.

Including those three states, Delaware is the 12th with an AG declaring that DFS is gambling under state law. Prior to those opinions, DFS had generally been considered to be clearly illegal in five states   Arizona, Montana, Washington, Iowa and Louisiana. Why Twitter's CEO gets back pats, Yahoo's CEO gets backlash Two CEOs were appointed to turn around companies where business was floundering and user growth lagged. They were each accused of being stretched too thin, criticized for their priorities. The firms botched acquisitions and laid off hundreds in an effort to thin bloated staffs.

But one is regarded far less favorably than the other, and experts said that the negativity has much to do with her gender.

In a head-to-head comparison, academics said, Jack Dorsey and Marissa Mayer effectively demonstrate how even in similar situations, male and female leaders can be subject to vastly different treatment. It s a micro-example of the sexism that pervades the tech industry and business at large.

Mayer, 41, has been the chief executive officer of Yahoo since 2012. Dorsey, 39, returned last year to lead Twitter, the company he co-founded, while continuing to serve as the CEO of Square, his mobile payments company, as the firm went public. Both have pushed strategies that have yielded mixed results. Both have been subject to investor criticism and user disappointment.

Yet in a comparison of news stories written about the two, Mayer was subject to more negative coverage than Dorsey, even when they did the exact same thing.

For instance, when both CEOs oversaw layoffs, 49 percent of the response to Dorsey was positive, compared with 22 percent of the reaction to Mayer, according to San Francisco startup Quid, which analyzes the sentiment in news stories.

Photo: David Paul Morris, Bloomberg Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer of Yahoo!...

 When Jack Dorsey does it, it is seen as appropriate. Twitter is in trouble and they need to take these steps,  said Charles O Reilly III, a professor at Stanford University s Graduate School of Business.  When Marissa Mayer does that, instead of saying Yahoo is in trouble and they need to do this, she is criticized for this. That is exactly the double bind. 

Mayer has long been subject to the kind of treatment male CEOs are unlikely to see. When she was fielding questions at her first shareholder meeting in 2013, one investor gave Mayer a corporate catcall.

 I m Greek and I m a dirty old man,  the shareholder said.  You look attractive, Marissa. 

The comment was made before he quizzed Mayer on her decision to no longer allow Yahoo employees to work from home. Indeed, Mayer s appearance or age is sometimes mentioned alongside harsh criticism for her turnaround strategy.

When he was appointed Twitter s interim CEO in June 2015, Dorsey did draw a question from CNBC anchor David Faber about his unusually lush beard, but it was framed quite differently:  Does it help you as a CEO? Is it a sterner sort of approach for you?  (Dorsey responded that people shouldn t be judged on their appearances.)

Some say that s because Mayer is a woman, a gender punished for exhibiting decisiveness and assertiveness, typical leadership traits associated with males.

 You can t be liked and be competent at the same time  if you re a female CEO, even though men can be, O Reilly said.  They can do the exact same thing and be perceived differently. 

Photo: Mary Altaffer, AP Twitter co-Founder Jack Dorsey speaks at a campaign fundraiser for...

In a 2012 study, University of Utah professor of strategy and entrepreneurship Lyda Bigelow found that MBA students rated otherwise identical companies preparing to go public differently based on the gender of their CEOs. Bigelow said that the hypothetical companies  female founders and CEOs were seen as less capable than their male counterparts, and their companies judged to be less valuable.

 From a statistical perspective, there was no way to explain the difference in ratings of both the company and the CEO when the two were identical   except for gender,  Bigelow said.  Men and women leaders are viewed and assessed differently and that s by employees, other senior leaders, investors, you name it. 

Mayer has had more time   four years   to implement a turnaround plan than Dorsey, who became CEO of Twitter again in 2015 after he had been removed from the post in 2008. Dorsey is a co-founder, which may give him more leeway with investors and staffers   though their patience may be wearing thin.

 Dorsey was supposed to bring Twitter back to its foundation and roots, but he s not done much. He s moving the way you d expect a founder to move, which is  We already have a perfect product, so let s make minor tweaks along the edges,   said Wedbush analyst Michael Pachter.  I don t think anybody is enamored with the job he s doing. People are tired of it. 

Still, the criticism leveled against him has paled in comparison to that hurled at Mayer.

Mayer has been compared to Marie Antoinette in the New York Post, and tech analyst Rob Enderle wrote a column that proposed Gwyneth Paltrow as a more qualified leader.

Dorsey, meanwhile, has been compared to Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and eccentric Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk.

 It happens all the time and it s shameful,  said Yale business Professor Jeffrey Sonnenfeld.  These women have passed through the glass ceiling, but people are up there throwing rocks. 

When Dorsey was reappointed at Twitter, several investors clamored for him to leave Square to focus on the social media company. The board had said it would only consider candidates who could be a full-time CEO. Dorsey refused to quit Square, and Twitter s board blinked.

Since Dorsey s return, Twitter stock has stumbled to new lows, the network has struggled to attract users and in the first quarter of 2016, the company missed Wall Street revenue projections by millions and posted a net loss of $80 million.

Not unlike Yahoo, analysts said, the company has many investors hoping for a sale.

 The optimism around Dorsey has clearly waned, but investors are still giving (him) the benefit of the doubt,  Axiom analyst Victor Anthony said.  There s a definite wait-and-see attitude toward him and where Twitter is going. 

It s tough to find similar comparisons because there are few female CEOs in Standard & Poor s 500 companies   and just 17 have served more than two years, according to research firm Equilar. The tech industry as a whole is more white, Asian American and male than the rest of the private sector. About 80 percent of tech executives are male, nearly 10 percentage points higher than private sector companies at large.

Among 75 leading Silicon Valley tech firms, according to an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission report released this year, 30 percent of workers are female.

Bigelow pointed to several factors that contribute to this disparity: subconscious bias against female leaders, a lack of mentoring or institutional support, and the expectations that companies have for senior executives may conflict, or may appear to conflict, with other responsibilities women are more likely to have, such as child rearing.

 Family considerations are almost always absent from any description of a male CEO dealing with strategic turnaround or a major organizational change, but with female CEOs we hear all about their family life,  Bigelow said.

According to Quid s analysis, 23 percent of news stories about the birth of Mayer s twins in December were negative   a surprisingly high figure for an event normally greeted with fawning coverage.

Others believe companies are more likely to appoint a female CEO in situations when businesses are failing or troubled, giving them less time to prove themselves.

 They run out of men who think they can do the job,  said Margaret Neale, a professor at Stanford s Graduate School of Business.  It s often a Hail Mary pass. 

With Yahoo on the brink of a sale, few investors expect Mayer to remain with the company. Neale says because women are often recruited to run troubled companies, it s harder for them to get a second act.

She pointed to Carly Fiorina and Mark Hurd, both former CEOs of Hewlett-Packard. Hurd resigned in 2010 after allegations of sexual harassment. He s now co-CEO of Oracle Corp. Fiorina hasn t served as a CEO since then.

Marissa Lang and Wendy Lee are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. Email: mlang@sfchronicle, wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Marissa_Jae, @thewendylee 
2016-05-19
Autodesk CEO: Yahoo Is Becoming Increasingly Irrelevant NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

56:39 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) Four alumni elected to the Bates College Board of Trustees The Bates College Board of Trustees has selected four new members, representing the technology, venture capitalism and financial services industries, President Clayton Spencer announced today. All Bates alumni, the new members are:

Chris Barbin  93, chairman, CEO and co-founder of the technology consulting firm Appirio;

Gregory Ehret  91, CEO and an executive director of PineBridge Investments;

Garth Timoll  99, managing director at the venture capital firm Top Tier Capital Partners; and

Lisa Utzschneider  90, chief revenue officer at Yahoo! Inc.

Chris Barbin

Barbin is the chairman, CEO and co-founder of Appirio, a technology enabled consulting firm that helps companies move into cloud computing platforms. Appirio is based in Indianapolis, has more than 1,250 employees across seven locations worldwide, and is supported by the industry s largest crowdsourcing community of developers, designers, and data scientists.

Appirio s clients include Facebook, Google, Amazon, Intuit, and The Four Seasons, among others. Founded in 2006, Appirio is the leading independent cloud consultancy in the world.

Barbin has been named a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, attending and speaking in Davos and China. He has also been an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist and has been recognized by The New York Times for his leadership philosophy. Prior to Appirio, Barbin held senior leadership positions at Borland Software, webMethods, and W.W. Grainger, Inc.

At Bates, Barbin majored in political science, and ran cross-country and track. He resides in Chicago, Pittsburgh, and San Francisco. Barbin and his wife, Lori, have three children.

Gregory Ehret

Ehret was named CEO and an executive director of New York-based PineBridge Investments in January 2016. The firm, a global multi-asset platform, has approximately $85 billion in assets under management.

Ehret joined PineBridge after 20 years with State Street Global Advisors, the investment management division of State Street Corp. where he most recently served as president. For five years, Ehret led the firm s business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa from its London office where he built a track record of growing business in both developed and emerging markets.

Ehret graduated from Bates in 1991 with a degree in economics and earned an MBA from Boston University. While at Bates, he played on the varsity lacrosse and the club rugby teams.

Ehret has served as an Alumni in Admission volunteer and has helped with the college s recruitment of students overseas. He has also hosted receptions and networking events for the Bates community in Boston.

Ehret and his wife, Barbara, live in Boston with their two sons.

Garth Timoll

Timoll is a managing director at Top Tier Capital Partners, a venture capital firm based in San Francisco. At Top Tier, Timoll focuses on the firm s secondary and co-investment efforts. Timoll was also a vice president at Portfolio Advisors, and a senior associate at Fairview Capital Partners.

Last year, Timoll was selected as one of the Toigo Foundation s  40 under 40,  which honors those in the financial sector that exemplify professional excellence, ethical leadership and community service.

Timoll graduated from Bates in 1999 with a degree in psychology and a minor in economics. While at Bates, Timoll was a Benjamin E. Mays Scholar and a member of the varsity basketball and track teams. He has since provided students with career advice through the Bates Career Development Center. In addition to his Bates degree, Timoll earned an MBA from Cornell University.

Timoll and his wife, Phyllis, live in San Francisco with their two children.

Lisa Utzschneider

Utzschneider is one of the tech world s leading sales and advertising executives. As the chief revenue officer at Yahoo, Utzschneider leads the company s sales and operations organization globally.

Utzschneider joined Yahoo in 2014 from Amazon.com. She was credited with building Amazon s advertising business into a $750 million annual enterprise. Prior to her six years leading Amazon s advertising efforts, Utzschneider spent a decade in various advertising roles at Microsoft, including general manager of the company s sales and accounts services group.

Utzschneider has been honored in the Adweek 50, Business Insider s  Most Powerful Women in Mobile Advertising,  New York Business Journal s  Women of Influence  and Working Mother s  50 Most Powerful Moms. 

Utzschneider graduated from Bates in 1990 with a major in English. She also has a master s degree in public administration from New York University.

Utzschneider and her husband, Okan, live in New York City with their two daughters. Boston Properties Said to Enter LA Market With Office Deal Boston Properties Inc. agreed to buy a 50 percent stake in a Los Angeles-area office complex from Blackstone Group LP for about $500 million, marking the real estate investment trust s first purchase in southern California, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

The landlord is acquiring an interest in the Colorado Center in Santa Monica, said the person, who asked not to be named because the transaction is private. The six-building campus is in an area known as Silicon Beach, a stretch of oceanfront communities that s popular with technology companies.

Arista Joyner, a Boston Properties spokeswoman, declined to comment, as did Christine Anderson, a Blackstone spokeswoman. Daisy Okas, a spokeswoman for TIAA Global Asset Management, which owns the other 50 percent of the complex, also declined to comment. The transaction was reported Wednesday by the Los Angeles edition of The Real Deal.

Boston Properties, the largest U.S. office REIT, has long had a goal of entering the Los Angeles market, said Alexander Goldfarb, an analyst with Sandler O Neill & Partners LP. The company has historically been almost entirely focused on midtown Manhattan, the San Francisco Bay area and its Boston-area home market.

 After a decade-plus of Boston Properties angling for a way to buy into the westside L.A. office lifestyle, it seems that the company has finally been able to plant its flag near the Santa Monica beaches,  Goldfarb wrote in a research note after the Real Deal report.  Boston Properties  fortress balance sheet makes it well-suited for these sorts of purchases. 

The Colorado Center is a 15-acre (6.1-hectare) complex with more than a million square feet of offices. It also has a 3.5-acre park with tennis, basketball courts and a playground, plus a full-service gym, according to a brochure on the website of Blackstone s Equity Office unit.

About 37 percent of the space in the six buildings is available, including one building that is fully vacant, according to data from CoStar Group Inc. Tenants include Hulu, Yahoo! Inc., Riot Games Inc. and eHarmony. Until 2012 it was named Yahoo Center, according to a 2012 story in the Santa Monica Daily News. Cheetah Mobile Q1 non-gaap diluted earnings per ADS $0.11  Kudelski and Yahoo settle patent litigation  
2016-04-13
Yahoo's 3 'Hidden' Assets Are Not Well Understood; Bob Peck Raises Target To $44 Robert "Bob" S. Peck of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey believes that bids for Yahoo! Inc. s (NASDAQ: YHOO) core business could see upside due to the company s  hidden assets. 

The analyst maintained a Buy rating on Yahoo, while raising the price target from $40 to $44.

Peck mentioned that an analysis of the value of the core revealed  3 critical aspects of valuation that are not well understood and could have material upside to bids,  which could potentially drive the offers higher than the estimated $6-$7 billion.

Three Hidden Assets

Among the three assets that Peck believes are underappreciated are Yahoo! Japan s royalties, IP and PP&E.

 We believe the royalty stream is very valuable, as it is in perpetuity and represents ~30 percent of Yahoo s core advertising EBITDA in 2016,  the analyst stated.

Related Link: The Logic Behind A Yahoo Sale In Summer 2016

In addition, Peck pointed out that investor concerns regarding the transferability of the cash flow from royalties seem  misplaced,  according to the original contract, which is publicly available.

The analyst also noted that the company had more than 6,000 patents, the value of which could be higher than the $1 $3 billion cited by Yahoo.

The company also owns about one million square feet of building and real estate, which is likely to be worth about $1 billion.

Peck believes that bids in Round 1 were likely to start lower than $6 billion, with bidders trying to bid just enough to make it to Round 2. Bidding would become more intense in Round 2, with offers rising to the high end of the estimate.

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Robert S. Peck SunTrust Robinson HumphreyAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) Assets Likely To Raise Bids According To SunTrust Published By: Angela Campbell on April 13, 2016 01:23 pm EST

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) was planning to spin off its core into a new entity but pressure from activist investors has led Yahoo's board to invite bids to interested buyers. The company s assets have been valued in the range of $6-8 billion but a number of underappreciated assets could help them reach the $10 billion price tag it is looking for.

Bob Peck, analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, in recent coverage of Yahoo maintained a Buy rating on the stock and added to its price target from $40 to $44. Peck has highlighted three assets of the company that in the analyst's opinion entitle it to a higher valuation than the $6-8 billion figure that Yahoo has reported for its assets. First is the royalties the company calculates from its spinoff Yahoo! Japan. The Yahoo! Japan revenue stream is highly lucrative and currently represents 30% of the company's total advertising revenue in 2016. Concerns regarding the transferability of the cash are overblown and misplaced which is apparent from the contract between Yahoo and Yahoo! Japan.

Peck has also called for a revaluation of Yahoo's intellectual property. The company has close to six thousand patents to its name which the analysts values in the range of $1-3 billion. Since most of these patents are publicly available they could prove valuable assets for company's considering acquiring Yahoo's core. The first category of assets highlighted by the analyst was the company's real estate holdings. Yahoo owns approximately 1 million square feet in real estate and buildings which the SunTrust analyst has estimated to be worth close to $1 billion. All in all, these assets add anywhere from $2-4 billion to Yahoo's valuation easily making the company worth the $10 billion paycheck they're asking for. 40 suitors for Yahoo? Unlikely -- here's the list so far  
2016-11-07
COHERENT, Inc. Announces Closing of Acquisition of ROFIN-SINAR Technologies SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Coherent, Inc. ("Coherent") (COHR), a world leader in lasers and laser-based technology for scientific, commercial and industrial customers, today announced the completion of its previously announced acquisition of ROFIN-SINAR Technologies, Inc. ("Rofin") (RSTI), one of the world's leading developers and manufacturers of high-performance industrial laser sources and laser-based solutions and components, for $32.50 per share in cash, in a transaction valued at approximately $942 million. Coherent funded the transaction with a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from a seven year 670 million Euro secured term loan B. As a result of the acquisition, Rofin common stock will no longer trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market and Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

View photos Coherent Logo (PRNewsFoto/Coherent, Inc.) More

Conference Call and Webcast

Coherent will host a conference call at 4:45 p.m. Eastern (1:45 PM Pacific) on Wednesday, November 9, 2016 to discuss the transaction and to update first quarter fiscal guidance for the combined operations. A listen-only broadcast of the conference call can be accessed on the Company's website at http://www.coherent.com/Investors/.

About Coherent

Founded in 1966, Coherent is one of the world's leading providers of lasers and laser-based technology for scientific, commercial and industrial customers. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and is part of the Russell 2000 and Standard & Poor's SmallCap 600 Index. For more information about Coherent, visit the Company's website at http://www.coherent.com/ for product and financial updates.

About ROFIN

With 40 years of experience, ROFIN-SINAR Technologies is a leading developer, designer and manufacturer of lasers and laser-based system solutions for industrial material processing applications. The Company focuses on developing key innovative technologies and advanced production methods for a wide variety of industrial applications based on a broad scope of technologies. Prior to the closing of the acquisition, Rofin's shares traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol RSTI and were listed in Germany in the "Prime Standard" segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under ISIN US7750431022. ROFIN was part of the Standard & Poor's SmallCap 600 Index and the Russell 2000 Index. Additional information is available on the Company's home page: www.rofin.com.

View photos ROFIN-SINAR Logo (PRNewsFoto/Coherent, Inc.) More

Read More 
2016-08-19
Suddenly Yahoo Looks Like A Classic Buffett Value Play In a veritable twinkle of of an eye Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) sale of its core assets to Verizon (NYSE:VZ) for $4.8 billion in cash has completely changed the look of the social media company. Many are excited about the solution to the riddle of monetizing the troublesome social media platforms, while leaving an asset play for China's Alibaba (NYSE:BABA). But there is more, much more to be excited about in the former Yahoo these days.

Delighted investors have piled on:

YHOO data by YCharts

What Will Remain of RemainCo?

There is even a sweetener in this transaction, as not only handing over the purchase price for cash, or roughly $4.70/share, but Verizon is also taking over responsibility of over $600 million in Restricted Stock Units (stock options, etc), bringing the real value of the transaction closer to $5.4 billion.

But even that is not the whole story, as actually the "Core" assets being sold really should be called the Operational Assets. There are a lot of important elements that Verizon is not getting. As stated by Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer in the company's July 25 conference call:

I want to point out that this sale does not include Yahoo!'s cash, its shares in Alibaba Group Holdings, its shares in Yahoo Japan, Yahoo!'s convertible notes, certain minority investments, and Yahoo!'s non-core patents called the Excalibur portfolio. These assets will continue to be held by Yahoo! which will change its name at closing and become a registered publicly traded investment company. Yahoo! will provide additional information about the investment company at a future date.

Analysts jumped on the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan retention by what is now being termed RemainCo. Trent Walsh, for one, noted that this is a great deal in itself in his Seeking Alpha article Yahoo - Why Pay Full Price For Alibaba When You Can Get It At A Discount.

BABA Market Cap data by YCharts

In the article Walsh noted that buying Yahoo right now gives you an interest in Alibaba Group Holdings (NYSE: BABA) and Yahoo Japan (OTCPNK: OTCPK:YAHOF). And it is true, buying Yahoo right now gives you an interest in Alibaba that is cheaper than buying BABA directly.

The key is in looking at the sum of its parts. Currently Yahoo has a Market Cap of $40.6 billion. The assets of the company as it will be retained by RemainCo is as follows:

Asset Value (millions) Alibaba (15% stake) $34,000 Yahoo Japan (35.5% stake) $8,900 Cash and Securities $7,700 Verizon Sale $4,800 Excalibur Portfolio $980 Total $56,380

Getting $56.38 billion dollars of assets for only $40.60 billion is fantastic in and of itself. This is especially true considering that these assets aren't everything that will be staying with RemainCo. Mayers noted almost off handedly that there were still some details to be worked out over real estate transfers and the like, so the final asset list is likely to grow.

One caution here is we are using Market Capitalization for this evaluation, which is a very capricious way to go about it as there are so many factors that can impact Market Cap above any intrinsic value of a company. A much more accurate valuation model would be using a detailed look at the asset valuations of each individual unit. However as the details of the Verizon-Yahoo transaction are still vague and even fluid, this method works on a "first look" basis.

Freeing the Company From a Thorny Problem

For investors the truly key element is that after years the question of how to monetize Yahoo's social platforms has been answered. For more than a decade Yahoo has been losing ground to Google - Alphabet, Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG). Even worse, despite over a billion users on the company's social platforms management was struggling with how to monetize the vast resources at hand. In 2012 Mayers was brought on specifically to find a way out of Yahoo's morass.

Four years later and 52 acquisitions of niche Internet properties later Mayer seemed to simply be spinning her wheels. But now this sale moves the troublesome operations to Verizon and allows RemainCo to focus on its highly profitable strategic assets.

For Verizon, it is a swing for the fences. The key upside is that Verizon can meld the vast social media reach of Yahoo plus its earlier purchase of AOL. Suddenly the data and network provider has upwards of 2 billion monthly users and a chance to bring unrivaled synergy and economies of scale to the question of monetizing content, especially mobile applications.

Yet Verizon is a network and data provider, not a social media expert. It will be seen whether management can monetize the customer bases of AOL and Yahoo when social network experts failed before.

Almost like too much ballast being removed from the ship, RemainCo looks lighter, more nimble and with lots more options in charting a future course:

Use of Funds

The guidance from Mayers and her staff are that the cash resulting from the sale will be used to benefit investors, but they had not determined what the best way for that would be. Possibilities could be some combination of stock buyback and/or special dividend but nothing is set yet. Nothing will immediately happen since the transaction won't close until into 2017. So investors should not expect anything coming their way until then.

The Excalibur Question

One thing that really excites many onlookers is that Yahoo retained much of its Excalibur Portfolio. This is a group of roughly 2,000 patents involving mostly software applications and has been quoted as having a value of up to $4 billion. Yahoo's 2015 10K showed that leasing and sale of patents earned the company $300 million for the year.

The patents directly relating to Yahoo's assets bought by Verizon will transfer with the purchase to the new owner. Thus the Excalibur value won't be that high. In fact, an analysis by Envision IP indicated a valuation of $965 million to $1.34 billion for the whole portfolio and our estimate of the RemainCo's remaining Excalibur assets of $980 million is based largely on Envision's numbers.

Is This Another Sanborn Map Company?

In 1958 Warren Buffet bought a little known company called Sanborn Map Company. It was a specialized map making company with a problem in that its primary business was struggling. However the company had made a number of strategic investments in minority stakes in other companies. By Buffet's judgment, the underlying investment's were worth about $65/share but the share of Sanborn was selling for only $45. He bought the company, divested the company operations from the investment portfolio, and made out like a bandit.

These numbers for Yahoo aren't quite in the same league, but in essence we can now buy Yahoo at $42.67 when the intrinsic value of the company is nearer to $57.25. This doesn't even take into account potential continued growth in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan as well as miscellaneous real estate and other assets not detailed in this analysis.

Conclusion

The sale of the Yahoo Operations Assets to Verizon is a huge win for Yahoo, and the current stock price is drastically underpricing the remaining assets. We conservatively expect the stock to rise above the $55 level within the next 12 months.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. WorldVentures Continues Rise in Key Business Rankings with Leap to No. 677 in ... PLANO, Texas, Aug. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WorldVentures , a global travel club that sells memberships providing a diverse set of lifestyle products and experiences, rose from its No. 915 to No. 677 in Inc. magazine's annual Inc. 5000, an exclusive ranking of America's fastest-growing private companies. WorldVentures received its ranking based on its three-year growth of 581%.

WorldVentures, the leading international direct seller of vacation club memberships. More

The list represents what Inc. refers to as "the superheroes of the U.S. economy" America's independent entrepreneurs. Well-known companies such as Pandora, 7 Eleven, Toys 'R' Us, Zipcar, Zappos.com and numerous other brands have been honored by the Inc. 5000.

"We're honored to be named to the fastest-growing companies list once again," WorldVentures Founder and Chief Visionary Officer Wayne Nugent said. "We continue to gain recognition and earn awards as a growing company as well as one of the top travel and hospitality companies. This is a great achievement for our corporate team and Independent Representatives around the world who have worked so hard to deliver these results."

Now in its second decade, Nugent looks forward to the future with a new technology innovation in development. CEO Dan Stammen, comments, "Our collaboration with Nxt-ID, Inc. (NXTD) in the development of a new smart card not only sets WorldVentures apart in the direct selling industry, but will allow us to develop the most technologically advanced human networking interactions through new products while continuously enhancing our current product set." The company expects to make the card available to its U.S. membership December 2016.

This recognition comes at a time of tremendous success for WorldVentures. In addition to being named one of America's fastest-growing private companies in the Inc. 5000 list, the company was recognized at No. 32, up from No. 47, on the Direct Selling News' DSN Global 100 list and No. 25 on the DSN North America 50 list. Its core product, DreamTrips  Memberships, eclipsed competitors for the coveted title of "Africa's Leading Travel Club" during the 2015 World Travel Awards, and was the Silver winner in one category and a Bronze winner in ten categories in the 37th Annual Telly Awards for its Together Goes Further online video.

Complete results of the Inc. 5000 can be found at http://www.inc.com/inc5000.

About WorldVentures

WorldVentures Marketing, LLC, a privately held company based in Plano, Tex., is a global travel club that sells memberships providing a diverse set of lifestyle products and experiences. The company uses the direct sales model to go to market with active Representatives and Members in 29 countries. http://www.worldventures.com

About the Inc. 5000

The Inc. 5000, first introduced in 1982 as the Inc. 500, ranks companies by overall revenue growth over a three-year period. All 5,000 honoree companies are individually profiled on Inc.com. The top 500 are featured in the September issue of Inc. magazine, the leading entrepreneurial advocate for 33 years running. The Inc. 5000 also ranks the fastest-growing companies by industry, metro area, revenue, and number of employees, and also highlights women- and minority- run companies.

Media contact:

Connie Glover

Public Relations Manager

WorldVentures Holdings, LLC

c: 214.726.2567

press@worldventures.com

Read More Equifax Inc (EFX) Chairman and CEO Richard F Smith Sold $6.3 million of Stocks - By insider





Chairman and CEO of Equifax Inc (EFX) Richard F Smith sold 48,432 shares of EFX on 08/17/2016 at an average price of $130.51 a share. The total sale was $6.3 million.

Equifax Inc provides information solutions and human resources business process outsourcing services for businesses and consumers. Equifax Inc has a market cap of $15.68 billion; its shares were traded at around $131.41 with a P/E ratio of 34.23 and P/S ratio of 5.50. The dividend yield of Equifax Inc stocks is 0.98%. Equifax Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of 6.30% over the past 10 years. GuruFocus rated Equifax Inc the business predictability rank of 3.5-star.





CEO Recent Trades:

Chairman and CEO Richard F Smith sold 48,432 shares of EFX stock on 08/17/2016 at the average price of $130.51. The price of the stock has increased by 0.69% since.

Chairman and CEO Richard F Smith sold 71,568 shares of EFX stock on 08/16/2016 at the average price of $130.79. The price of the stock has increased by 0.47% since.

Chairman and CEO Richard F Smith sold 120,000 shares of EFX stock on 08/12/2016 at the average price of $132.63. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.92% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

Pres-Gbl Cons Sols J Dann Adams sold 4,422 shares of EFX stock on 07/29/2016 at the average price of $134. The price of the stock has decreased by 1.93% since.

For the complete insider trading history of EFX, click here

.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.





 
2016-04-18
Verizon Communications Inc Moving On With Yahoo Bid, Google Interested Verizon has confirmed that it will go ahead and place a bid for Yahoo.

The presence of multiple bidders, including Google, increases chances of Yahoo getting a favorable offer.

Yahoo stock appears to have considerable upside even using conservative estimates.

In my past articles covering Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) pending sale, I have said that Yahoo's valuable Internet assets and huge number of users made it highly unlikely that a buyer would not be forthcoming. Verizon (NYSE:VZ) was the first company to hint at an interest in buying Yahoo. Verizon has now confirmed that it will proceed with a bid for Yahoo's core assets Others who have expressed interest include Time, Inc., Comcast -A (NASDAQ:CMCSA), AT&T (NYSE:T) and Microsoft which said that it would be willing to support the successful bidder with $1B. There are reports, however, that AT&T and Comcast won't be pursuing as bid. AT&T bought DirecTV for $48.5B in 2015 so its acquisitive appetite is probably sated for now.

But now interest in Yahoo is coming from unexpected quarters. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) unit Google has indicated that it's weighing its own bid. News that Google is interested in buying Yahoo's core has come as a surprise to many given that Google has already won the organic search war against the likes of Yahoo and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), not to mention that a tie-up between the two companies would almost inevitably lead to antitrust concerns. Google is the world leader in the search business with a search engine market share pegged at 67.78%. Microsoft's Bing Search is second with 13.27% market share while Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) closes out the last of the top-three spots with 8.86% share. Yahoo is fourth with 8.14% search engine market share.

Yahoo is proving to be an attractive buyout target for Verizon due to a number of reasons, but perhaps the biggest is that Verizon is interested in Yahoo's video assets. Verizon has already staked its future in mobile and video in a bid to keep a hold on fickle millennials who no longer find watching TV cool and instead prefer to watch videos on their mobile phones. Yahoo has been investing heavily in video under Marissa Mayer's tenure, and its Mavens unit is one of the few bright spots in the company after recording revenue growth of 26% Y/Y during the last quarter. Yahoo's BrightRoll video-ad unit would fit well with Verizon's go90 video platform.

Verizon has about 105M subscribers. The company also bought AOL in 2015. AOL has 2B users, and adding up Yahoo's users to that would create invaluable web traffic for Verizon.

Google is probably interested in Yahoo for the same reason Verizon is: its huge number of users. With the platform attracting more than 1B MAUs, Yahoo still has its attractions. Some of Yahoo sites such as Tumblr, Yahoo Weather, and Yahoo Sports are still posting MAU growth.

Yahoo is reportedly asking for $10B for its core business. Meanwhile, Verizon is only willing to offer slightly less than $8B. Verizon, however, could be willing to buy Yahoo Japan. If Google makes a bid, there is a better chance that Yahoo will get something close to the $10B it wants. If Microsoft make's good its promise to provide support to the tune of $1B, then Yahoo's sale is likely to happen sooner rather than later.

So the pressing question is what is Yahoo's fair price? If we value Yahoo's core at $8B, assume Verizon will agree to buy Yahoo Japan, and Alibaba's spinoff will be fully taxed, then Yahoo's fair price would be around $45, or about 23% upside to current price. Meanwhile Barron's reckons Yahoo is trading at a big discount given that its NAV, or Net Asset Value is around $51/share and says the shares could potentially make 20% or more using conservative estimates. Yahoo investors could end up getting substantially more if a real bidding war ensues between Verizon and Google, and Yahoo ends up getting $10B. Sale of the company's non-core assets could push that even higher. Meanwhile Yahoo has extended the bidding deadline to April 18 from April 11. Investors can only hope that the first round of bids are encouraging. Yahoo's Japanese Jewel Could Be a Focus in Bidding War While Yahoo in the U.S. has struggled for years to revive growth, Yahoo Japan is on the upswing with 18 consecutive years of rising revenue and profit. Here s a look at how the Japanese company has become a success. Photo: Reuters

TOKYO Preliminary bids for Yahoo Inc. were due on Monday, and attention was shifting to a jewel of the beleaguered Internet company that is often overlooked.

While Yahoo s nearly $30 billion stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. is well known, potential bidders also might focus significant attention on Yahoo Japan Corp.... Most Active Weekly Options: Intel Corporation and Yahoo! Inc. The 20 stocks listed in the table below have attracted the highest total weekly options volume during the past 10 trading days. Stocks highlighted are new to the list since the last time the study was run, and data is courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Two notable names are tech stocksand, with the respective companies gearing up to report first-quarter earnings tomorrow evening.





is slated to report earnings tomorrow night, and ahead of the quarterly report, options traders have been betting bearishly. At the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), traders have bought to open nearly two puts for every call during the last two weeks. The resultant put/call volume ratio of 1.72 ranks in the 73rd annual percentile, echoing the negativity witnessed among short sellers In today's trading, INTC puts and calls are trading near parity. The most active weekly options are the 4/22 31.50- and 32-strike puts, both of which may be seeing buy-to-open activity . If so, these put buyers are counting on the tech stock to drop after earnings, and finish below the respective strike prices at Friday's close, when the weekly series expires.At last check, Intel Corporation is 0.3% higher at $31.54, as a positive write-up by Barron's overshadows a price-target cut to $37 from $38 at Summit Research. Longer term, however, the tech stock has been consolidating in the $31-$33 area since mid-March, and is sitting on a year-to-date loss exceeding 8% -- suggesting the aforementioned skepticism isn't necessarily misplaced.Meanwhile,is off 0.2% at $36.45, as multiple media reports suggest Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) is the leading takeover candidate among those jockeying for the Internet pioneer . On the charts, YHOO has been blistering higher since its February lows, but was recently halted by its 320-day moving average.Options traders believe YHOO's uptrend will resume. The stock's 10-day ISE/CBOE/PHLX call/put volume ratio of 3.15 outstrips nearly three-quarters of readings from the past year, with long calls more than tripling puts. However, the firm's earnings history shows the stock has moved lower in the session subsequent to its last five reports, with an average one-day loss of 3.1%.In today's trading, the most active weekly option is the 4/22 34-strike put. However, the most popular option overall is the June 37 call, where traders may be buying fresh positions in the hopes of Yahoo! Inc. toppling $37 over the next two months. The stock hasn't ended a week north of that strike since last July. YP Plans First-Round Bid for Yahoo YP Holdings LLC, the digital advertising business of what was formerly called Yellowpages.com, plans to submit a first-round bid Monday to merge with Yahoo! Inc., people familiar with the matter said.

YP is working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to investigate a variety of strategic alternatives, which could include acquiring smaller firms or selling itself, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private.

The company, controlled by Cerberus Capital Management, is valued at $1 billion to $1.5 billion, one of the people said. Its size makes it a candidate for a Reverse Morris Trust with Yahoo: a tax-free transaction in which YP would merge with a spun-off subsidiary of Yahoo s core business, the person said. Time Inc. also considered such a transaction with Yahoo, Bloomberg reported in February.

YP owns the digital assets of what was formerly called the Yellow Pages. The print directories business was separated last year and is now called Print Media Holdings LLC.

Cerberus bought a majority stake in Yellow Pages from AT&T Inc. in 2012, for $950 million. Cerberus holds 53 percent of YP, while AT&T owns the remaining 47 percent. AT&T decided against bidding for Yahoo, people with knowledge of the matter said earlier this month.

If YP proceeds to acquire Yahoo, AT&T could end up buying part of the Web company that way, one of the people familiar with the matter said.

Future Growth

YP takes in more than $1 billion in annual revenue and last year had adjusted annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $166 million, according to a document obtained by Bloomberg.

Yahoo management and shareholders could be swayed by YP s offer if they feel a cash bid from a larger company, such as Verizon Communications Inc., doesn t fully maximize potential value, one of the people said. A Reverse Morris Trust would give Yahoo shareholders a partial stake in the combined company, with the ability to capture future earnings growth.

GoDaddy Talks

GoDaddy Inc. and YP also have held preliminary high-level talks on a merger, the people said. A deadline for first-round bids for YP could be set for late May, one of the people set.

Meanwhile, first-round bids are due Monday for companies and private equity firms interested in buying Yahoo. Verizon, TPG and Bain are among those planning on bidding, Bloomberg reported April 8. YP is proceeding with its process of examining strategic alternatives independent of Yahoo s decision.

Representatives for YP, Cerberus, Yahoo, AT&T, GoDaddy and Goldman Sachs declined to comment.

YP is one of the biggest U.S. digital advertising companies, with revenue almost double that of San Francisco-based Yelp Inc. YP s 3,300-person sales team is the largest local advertising sales force in the U.S., according to the company document.

YP could use its large sales force to bolster Yahoo s advertising revenue, which is based in national programmatic, or algorithm-based, buying. Yahoo, which has more than 1 billion monthly active users, could strengthen YP s brand, which has become more obscure as the print edition of the Yellow Pages has lost relevance. Why Yahoo Japan Is a Success Why Yahoo Japan Is a Success

4/18/2016 9:03AM Do You Yahoo? Despite Dismal Reputation, Many People Still Do Do You Yahoo? Despite Dismal Reputation, Many People Still Do

Yahoo goes on the block Monday. The tech company will accept bids for its Internet businesses, properties estimated to be worth billions of dollars. Despite its reputation as a digital dinosaur, Yahoo is the third most trafficked site on the web. NPR looks at users who have stuck with Yahoo.

ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:

Let's take a moment to hear some ancient internet history.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: Do you Yahoo?

UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: (Singing) Yahoo.

SIEGEL: Do you Yahoo? Well, it turns out a lot of people still do. Today, Yahoo puts its core Internet business on the auction block. And NPR's Laura Sydell looks at who still uses the site and what exactly bidders are buying.

LAURA SYDELL, BYLINE: Way back in 1994 when Yahoo was founded, the Internet was the great unknown. Yahoo had lists and links to interesting stuff. Its biggest competitor was probably AOL. But then came Google and search became the best way to find what you wanted. Then Facebook let you in on what your friends liked online.

Still, a surprising number of people use Yahoo. Its sites are the third most-trafficked on the Internet, according to ComScore, and it isn't all old people. The age range is as vast as the Internet itself. Forty-one-year-old Renee Grebe works in the tech industry and recently left a job and sent her personal email address to her colleagues. It was a Yahoo account.

RENEE GREBE: Somebody said to me, oh, are you just leaving us your spam email, the one you use to sign up for things that you don't care about so that we can't get in touch with you? And I said, no, that's my email address.

SYDELL: But part of what keeps Grebe on Yahoo is her personal Internet history.

GREBE: You have old emails, you know, from the time you were just starting to date or I keep a folder of all of my grandmother's emails. I know she won't be around forever, and it's great to have.

SYDELL: The personal history that Yahoo holds is a reason that many users told NPR they stay with the service. Jen DeMayo is a co-founder of a listserv for parents who live in the Washington, D.C. area. Sixty-five hundred people are on it.

JEN DEMAYO: But Yahoo itself has never been anyone's favorite. It's just sort of the platform where it started, and no one's moved it anywhere.

SYDELL: Eva Lang uses Yahoo Groups to manage her church's Sunday school class email list, and actually she likes it. But she's also a longtime user of Yahoo's homepage and news. And she says it's gotten harder to use it over the years.

EVA LANG: The interface is cluttered, and when you click to read the news stories they're often so close with these sponsored stories, it's difficult to tell where the ads are and which things are ads. And I find it cluttered and confusing.

SYDELL: Yahoo does have some products that remain well-liked. James Lucier really loves Yahoo Finance which is still the most popular in its category.

JAMES LUCIER: Because Yahoo has such a thorough breakout of details about a stock, and the news is incredibly thorough and to the point for those stocks.

SYDELL: This company which reports some 1 billion monthly active users doesn't seem to be able to bring in enough revenue to keep Wall Street happy.

ROB ENDERLE: It's not a revenue problem as in they don't have any; it's a revenue problem in that they don't have enough of it.

SYDELL: Analyst Rob Enderle thinks Yahoo has been mismanaged, though he doesn't really blame the six - that's right six -CEOs who have passed through its doors over the last decade.

ENDERLE: It's been the board because at the end of the day, the board's the one that picked those executives and then didn't back them up appropriately.

SYDELL: Though he's not letting those CEOs off the hook entirely. The current CEO, Marissa Mayer, has been following the lead of previous CEOs who tried to improve Yahoo's search engine to compete with Google. Enderle thinks they should've paid more attention to the company's billion plus active monthly users.

ENDERLE: What they were good at long before we had MySpace or Facebook was Yahoo Groups where people got together and discussed stuff. That was the core of the company and the most powerful aspect. So it had a model for incredible success. It just didn't know what it had, and the end result was it lost it.

SYDELL: Or at least Yahoo is on the verge of losing it. Among the companies expected to bid are Verizon and the British tabloid the Daily Mail. The properties are expected to fetch between four and $8 billion. Whoever buys Yahoo could still make changes to keep the users it has. But it's clear that for many their brand loyalty is fragile. Laura Sydell, NPR News, San Francisco.

Copyright   2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.

NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR s programming is the audio record. Verizon Q1 2016 Earnings Preview Verizon is slated to report Q1 2016 earnings on Apr. 21 2016.

Verizon is expected to report modest revenue and earnings after the sale of part of its high-margin wireline business.

Verizon's business, however, has been doing well even as rivals continue cutting prices to compete. This bodes well for the stock.

Giant wireless carrier Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is slated to report Q1 2016 earnings on Apr. 21, 2016 after market close. Wall Street consensus calls for revenue of $32.64B, good for 1% Y/Y growth and EPS of $1.07, up 4.9% Y/Y. Meanwhile Verizon did not give Q1 guidance but rather issued full-year 2016 guidance saying it expects earnings to plateau in 2016 due to several factors including sale of its high-margin wireline business in California, Florida, and Texas to Frontier Communications (NASDAQ:FTR) for $8.6B, and the expected capex increase due to the ramping of IoT and video businesses.

Verizon has managed to beat earnings estimates for the last four consecutive quarters. During the fourth quarter of 2015, Verizon beat consensus revenue estimate by $190M and the earnings consensus by $0.01.

Verizon Quarterly Earnings Surprise History

Fiscal

Quarter End Date

Reported Earnings

Per Share Consensus

EPS* Forecast %

Surprise Dec2015 01/21/2016 0.89 0.88 1.14 Sep2015 10/20/2015 1.04 1.02 1.96 Jun2015 07/21/2015 1.04 1.01 2.97 Mar2015 04/21/2015 1.02 0.95 7.37

Source: NASDAQ

Huge Wireline Strike Weighing Down on Verizon Stock

Verizon stock has lost about 6% over the past couple of days after nearly 40,000 of its wireline workers, represented by both Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, downed their tools on Wednesday. The workers' bone of contention is that Verizon has been pushing for offshoring and outsourcing and that the telecom giant has also failed to meet its network build-out obligations in Philadelphia and New York, as well as upgrading slow-playing FiOS in other cities. These workers have been working without a contract since last August.

Although Verizon's management reiterated its earlier call saying it's well-prepared for the strike, its effect on the company and Verizon stock cannot be underestimated considering that it's the largest work stoppage in the U.S. in many years. Prior to the strike Verizon stock had made strong gains of 11% YTD and the fiasco could easily end up wiping off those gains.

Source: Verizon stock price chart by amigobulls.com

Verizon's Core Business Doing Well

That strike aside, Verizon's core business has been doing well. Verizon net additions (wireless, wireline, and FiOS) have remained positive while churn has been declining which is a very good trend. During the fourth quarter, net additions totaled 1.5M bringing the year's total additions to 4.5M. Verizon finished 2015 with 112.1M retail connections (up 3.6% Y/Y) and 106.5M postpaid connections (up 4.4% Y/Y). Retail postpaid churn fell to 0.96% from 1.04% a year prior.

Verizon's FiOS, a service that bundles phone, Internet, and TV, was a mixed bag with increasing Internet penetration (41.8% vs. 41.1% the year before) but declining video penetration (35.3% vs. 35.8% the prior year). FiOS net subscriber additions though remaining positive, fell to their lowest level since the company launched the service. Internet connections were up 99,000 while video connections increased by 20,000. Verizon finished the year with 7M Internet subscribers(up 6.3% Y/Y) and another 5.8M video subscribers( up 3.3% Y/Y).

Verizon has lately been investing heavily in video and bought AOL in 2015 to get a hold of its video assets. Verizon is also looking to acquire Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core assets primarily in a bid to acquire the company's video infrastructure and combine it with that of AOL.

Verizon promised to give investors insights into how its new Go90 video service has been performing in 2016. The company has now set its eyes on the market for data and eyeballs. According to Wall Street analyst Craig Moffett:

"Verizon is turning its attention to its vast trove of information about the comings and goings of its 100M wireless users ... Their goal is to reinvent the advertising business."

The fact that Verizon's subscriber base has kept growing despite the company's refusal to engage in price competition with its rivals speaks well of the brand. Verizon has always insisted that it's not willing to cut prices to the bone but is more interested in delivering high-quality services. In contrast, smaller rival Sprint (NYSE:S) has been engaging in a 50%-off competitive promotion for months.

Investor Takeaway

Prior to the huge strike, Verizon stock had been doing well due to the ongoing market weakness. Verizon is viewed by investors as a good defensive play due to its high dividend yield and relatively stable business. The effects of the strike could keep the stock depressed for months. But over a 6-12 month horizon, Verizon stock is likely to make good gains, especially if the markets continue being choppy. 
2016-07-07
Fashion Week Inc. Is Suing WME-IMG and the CFDA for Trademark Infringement WME-IMG may host a week of fashion-related events happening in New York, but calling it  New York Fashion Week  is trademark infringement, according to a federal lawsuit filed last week.

Trisha Paravas claims she owns that trademark and is suing WME-IMG and the Council of Fashion Designers of America for at least $10 million in damages.

Paravas says she founded Fashion Week Inc. to produce fashion shows for consumers after realizing the current slate of fashion shows were invitation-only and designed for industry professionals and media. Her bi-yearly shows launched in December 2013 and were initially called  New York Fashion Shows.  After her first few shows drew increasing interest, she decided it was time to rebrand.

 Ms. Paravas who was a savvy business executive with an MBA in business and marketing realized she had a hit concept on her hands,  states the complaint.  However, she realized that she needed to change the name of her company and her branding as both were clunky. 

At the time, Paravas claims there was no trademark filed for  New York Fashion Week,  so she snatched it up, along with the abbreviation  NYFW. 

By the end of 2015, her shows were turning a profit and drawing dozens of corporate sponsors including Ritz-Carlton, JP Morgan Chase and Dr. Pepper, Paravas claims.

That s around the same time Mercedes-Benz dropped its name sponsorship of the fashion week organized by WME-IMG and CFDA. That event rebranded as  New York Fashion Week,  which much of the industry had been informally calling it since the early 2000s. (The event itself dates back to 1943.)

Paravas says their conflicting mark and the resulting dispute has caused her to lose designers and sponsors. She s suing for trademark dilution, unfair competition and trademark infringement and is seeking punitive damages and a permanent injunction.

U.S. District Judge John G. Koeltl denied Paravas  request for a temporary restraining order and set a hearing on her motion for a preliminary injunction for Aug. 4.

An IMG spokeswoman declined to comment on pending litigation.

READ MORE: How Fashion Week Has Changed Since WME Bought IMG Yahoo introduces Yahoo Finance exclusively on Facebook Messenger  
2016-05-04
AT&T dumps Yahoo after 15-year partnership AT&T Inc. is unwinding a 15-year partnership with Yahoo Inc. that has spanned the evolution of the Internet, from competing against AOL dial-up service to jockeying against cable companies to selling high-speed broadband.

AT&T T, -0.69% said Wednesday that it has awarded the contract to host its Web and mobile portals to Synacor Inc. SYNC, -0.71% , a company little-known outside of telecom circles. The deal effectively moves a major chunk of AT&T s business away from Yahoo YHOO, +0.15% .

 We have agreed to have Synacor manage our next-generation att.net portal, AT&T-branded applications, and search,  AT&T said in a statement. Yahoo will continue to host email for AT&T customers, though a person familiar with the deal said that is a fraction of its prior business with the telecom giant.

A Yahoo spokeswoman said AT&T is still a  valued partner  but declined to comment further.

The revenue-sharing alliance between a telecom giant and an Internet pioneer had lost much of its cachet over the years amid a shifting Web landscape. But the partnership s demise is ill-timed for Yahoo, which is in talks to sell itself to bidders including AT&T s fiercest rival, Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.61%

Sameet Sinha, an analyst at Briley & Co., estimates the AT&T partnership generated about $100 million in annual revenue for Yahoo.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. United's Jeff Smisek, Yahoo's Marissa Mayer and the high cost of mediocrity As Bill Veeck, the late great sports entrepreneur, once observed: "It isn't the high price of stars that is expensive. It's the high price of mediocrity."

Take a look at former United Airlines boss Jeff Smisek's exit package of more than $36 million.

Or check out the $55 million severance payout for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer if, as expected, she's booted.

You'll see stars at those eye-popping off-the-job figures, especially for people whose on-the-job performance was so-so at best.

This could be where one might talk about how these deals are part of how major companies lure and keep talent, or that some of the reported value of executive salaries and golden parachutes are theoretical rather than real because of stock options, and the whole spiel.

Jeff Smisek Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune Jeff Smisek, then CEO of United Airlines, offers a toast on United's inaugural flight of the Boeing 787 on Nov. 4, 2012, from Houston to Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Smisek received an exit package worth more than $36 million after his wheeling and dealing was exposed in an investigation of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Jeff Smisek, then CEO of United Airlines, offers a toast on United's inaugural flight of the Boeing 787 on Nov. 4, 2012, from Houston to Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Smisek received an exit package worth more than $36 million after his wheeling and dealing was exposed in an investigation of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune) (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)

This is, after all, the state of play for big businesses in 2016.

But even when you know all that, it's still more than a bit galling.

Say what you will about Edward Smith, who gained notoriety as the captain of the RMS Titanic on its first and last ocean voyage.

There are conflicting accounts of precisely how Capt. Smith perished as his great ship sank. None have him weighted down by huge sacks of money, White Star Line stock options he negotiated or loose silverware stuffed in his pockets.

Smisek's $36 million deal is ironic because the unlamented former chairman and CEO of United will be remembered most for how he squeezed pennies, passengers and employees.

Nothing was so cheap at United that Smisek was unable to cheapen it further.

Conveniences, services and small comforts disappeared, were diminished and/or attached to add-on fees and upsells. More than the off-brand coffee Smisek's regime embraced grew bitter.

This was the price of the poorly integrated merger with his Continental Airlines that Smisek helped orchestrate. Among the greatest challenges for CEO successor Oscar Munoz has been trying to restore consumer faith and reassuring his unions United actually wants to work with them.

So when Smisek quit last year after his wheeling and dealing was exposed in an investigation of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, it was a break for United. An expensive break as it turned out, but a break nonetheless.

Seeing that Smisek's resignation still merited a big payout must have come as a cruel disappointment to rank and file conditioned to his stance that the airline had to be tight with its money if it wanted to be competitive.

That would be doubly cruel and disappointing for anyone at any company laid off under far less generous terms to preserve margins and boost a share price.

We should all be so lucky as to be dismissed with cause from our jobs with the fat $55 million severance deal Yahoo's Mayer is in line to receive when the company's core business is sold, if not sooner.

At least, she was seen as a star when Yahoo snagged her from Google in 2012, which explains the five-year deal worth a reported $100 million that Yahoo gave her, ensuring the generous payout in the event of her early exit.

The ouster will be earned, the generous payout less so.

Yahoo's downward trajectory has greatly dimmed what much of Mayer's remaining twinkle.

The only thing that makes her severance deal remotely palatable   besides, of course, the severance part   is that only $3 million of it is straight-up cash. The bulk, about $51.8 million worth, is in accelerated stock options and grants.

That's the Yahoo stock that's lost around a third of its value in the last year under her watchful eye, so she too stands to benefit from someone else's stewardship of the company.

Thanks to Yahoo's lousy performance in 2014, Mayer was docked about $13 million in compensation and still walked away with around $42 million in cash and stock. As the company continued to slide, her compensation slipped to $36 million, which included a $1 million base salary, $14.5 million in stock and $19.9 million in options.

Awfully good pay for doing an awful job.

Sports fans are used to this kind of math. A free agent coming off a great year or two commands top salary, tugging up the pay of others in that position. If a top player delivers, it can be money well-spent. If not, the expensive pick of the litter is just litter.

Sometimes it's worth every rotten dime it costs to get rid of someone not up to the job.

That doesn't mean anyone should feel good about it, even those giggling on the way to the ATM.

philrosenthal@tribpub.com

Twitter @phil_rosenthal Cyberattack Sets the Stage for Cyberark Software Ltd, FireEye Inc Earnings This morning, Reuters reported that countless email accounts have been hacked at home and abroad -- including users of Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Gmail and Yahoo! Inc.'s (NASDAQ:YHOO) email service. Among the victims of the cyberattack were employees of major U.S. financial, manufacturing, and retail firms. Given the breach, it's only appropriate that a pair of cybersecurity specialists are headed to the earnings confessional tomorrow night -- specifically,and

Starting with CYBR, the stock is failing to benefit from the email hack, down 3.4% at $41.14. Still, shares of the cybersecurity firm have come a long way since their early February low of $31.50, advancing over 30.6%. It's also a good sign that the stock has seemingly found a foothold at its 50-day moving average, which has reliably supported CYBR since mid-April.



As mentioned earlier, Cyberark Software Ltd is scheduled to report earnings tomorrow night. Historically, the stock has made major swings in the immediate aftermath of the past six reports, moving 11.1% on average, in either direction. Ahead of earnings, options traders have been placing upside bets on the long-term technical outperformer. Specifically, CYBR's 50-day International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) call/put volume ratio of 11.20 ranks 2 percentage points from a 12-month peak.

Shifting gears, FEYE has dropped 1.7% to trade at $16.39. Longer term, the cybersecurity stock has been consolidating in the $16-$19 range since early March. That could all change with tomorrow night's earnings report. Looking back eight quarters, FEYE has moved an average of 12.3% in the session following the event -- with six of eight resolving to the downside. Expectations are high ahead of FireEye Inc earnings. The stock's 10-day ISE/CBOE/PHLX call/put volume ratio checks in at 9.07, outstripping 94% of comparable readings taken in the last year. Should FEYE disappoint Wall Street tomorrow night, a capitulation among bullish options traders could exacerbate a sell-off. Also, now appears to be a good time to wager on short-term options, as the cybersecurity stock's Schaeffer's Volatility Scorecard (SVS) registers at a high 76, indicating FEYE has tended to make outsized moves in the past 12 months, relative to what the options market has priced in. 
2016-09-21
RemainCo Valuation Offers 14% Upside For Yahoo Former internet pioneer Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is finally getting closer to completing the biggest strategic move the company has ever made, which started with attempts to spin off its Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) stake into a newly formed, publicly traded, special purpose enterprise and ended with selling Yahoo's core internet business to media giant Verizon (NYSE:VZ) for $4.8B in cash in a high-profile auction process.

Sale Transaction Process

To successfully carve out the operational businesses of Yahoo from the rest of the company, Yahoo will form a fully owned subsidiary called Yahoo Holdings that will receive full ownership of Yahoo's businesses and will, later on, be transferred to Verizon as a whole. That move will split Yahoo, for a short interim period, into two companies: one that holds the operational businesses and one that contains all the rest, as presented in the chart below.

Meanwhile, Yahoo Holdings will be moved to Verizon as a whole, and the remaining assets will become a part of the remaining company ('RemainCo'). The remaining assets include Yahoo's shares in Alibaba, shares in Yahoo Japan (OTCPK:YAHOY), other minority investments, and Yahoo's non-core IPs that were consolidated under a newly formed fully owned subsidiary named Excalibur IP LLC.

After the transaction is completed, RemainCo will become a registered investment company which is traded under a new symbol on the Nasdaq. The deal is expected to close during the first quarter of 2017.

Even though Yahoo Holdings' future and how it progresses within Verizon is fascinating from many different aspects, it will solely impact Verizon while the value of RemainCo assets will determine the valuation of RemainCo and the near-term value of (current) Yahoo. There are a lot of uncertainties around RemainCo as an investment company - what the investment policy will be? Will the company try to expand its portfolio or stick to the current holdings only?

Will the company trade Alibaba and Yahoo Japan's shares in the open market and much more. However, two things about the RemainCo charter are already known: The company will do its best to return as most of the cash proceeds as possible to shareholders after satisfying different obligations and it will not sell any of its assets until it finds the most tax efficient way to do so.

RemainCo Assets

While RemainCo is committed to transfer most of the cash proceeds back to shareholders, it is still not clear how it will handle the rest of the holdings. Until recently, the prevailing assumption was that Alibaba would at least try to purchase RemainCo's stake in Alibaba to make sure that the significant stake would not end up with one of its competitors.

However, last week, Alibaba's Vice Chairman Joseph Tsai said that Alibaba would not pursue such a deal due to the substantial tax charges it would face. With that option on the table and after Yahoo had previously failed to receive the IRS approval for a tax-free spin-off for the Alibaba stake, it is not clear what RemainCo will do with that and how the company will most efficiently materialize that investment.

Alibaba was one of the primary potential buyers of Yahoo's shares alongside the Japanese firm SoftBank, which currently holds around 28% after it sold 4% of Alibaba for around $10B earlier this year. SoftBank and Yahoo already have a working agreement around their joint venture in Yahoo Japan, and the underlying assumption was that Yahoo could utilize its unique relationship with SoftBank either to sell Alibaba's shares or include these shares in a possible stock swap that include Alibaba's shares, Yahoo Japan's shares, SoftBank, Yahoo (or RemainCo), and maybe even Alibaba itself.

Above the ground, Alibaba and SoftBank are not interested in Yahoo's Alibaba stake, for several different reasons. However, below the ground, I am sure (even though I have no indication of it) that the three companies are discussing a scenario that will end with Alibaba receiving Yahoo's stake in Alibaba, SoftBank receiving Yahoo's stake in Yahoo Japan, and RemainCo receiving cash or a cash equivalent.

If this deal takes place, in the end, it will not only be a complicated deal to tailor and seal, but will also probably cost RemainCo a substantial discount on its Yahoo Japan and Alibaba holdings.

Besides the well-covered stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, RemainCo will also own Excalibur IP LLC, who consolidated around 3,000 of Yahoo's non-core IPs in many different areas that Yahoo engaged in through the years. Earlier this year, Yahoo hired the boutique investment firm Black Stone IP, which specializes in trading IPs and technological assets to sell Excalibur. The company is engaged to bid for the patents, which are estimated to be worth around $1B, with dozens of potential buyers.

RemainCo Valuation

As mentioned above, there are still many unknowns around RemainCo and its investment policy (if any). However, it is a valid assumption that RemainCo will strive to realize its gains and distribute the cash in the fastest and most efficient possible way under the multiple constraints it faces. As an investment firm, the most reasonable method of valuation is sum-of-parts and estimating the potential valuation of RemainCo's assets.

The first line item to include in any investment analysis that relates to Yahoo is the Alibaba stake. RemainCo will own 384 million shares of Alibaba Group Holding ADS, which have an aggregate market value of $39.5B based on a 09/19 BABA closing price of $103.03 on the NYSE. This is worth $41.5 per share based on 951 million outstanding Yahoo shares.

RemainCo will face serious challenges selling its Alibaba stake, as such a transaction will go hand-in-hand with a massive tax bill because Alibaba shares surged greatly since Yahoo first acquired them. Taking this into consideration and assuming that RemainCo will not proceed with a taxable transaction, Yahoo could turn only to Alibaba and SoftBank for a resolution that could include a reorganization, an asset swap, or some other creative and sophisticated solution.

These challenges put Yahoo in an awkward position in which it has no leverage when negotiating such a deal, which could probably lead to a significant discount in share price. I believe that such a discount will revolve in the range of 10% to 20%. Taking the midpoint of that range reduced the worth of the Alibaba stake from $41.5 to $35.3 per share.

The Yahoo Japan stake is a different story from Alibaba. RemainCo will own slightly more than 2 billion shares of Yahoo Japan, which have an aggregate value of $8.1B based on a 09/19 4689.JP of 409 JPY on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. This is worth $8.56 per share before any discount, assuming RemainCo will have to provide a more modest discount for its Yahoo Japan shares, since disposing of these shares is expected to be an easier process with lower tax complications than Alibaba. Assuming RemainCo can offload the Yahoo Japan shares at a 10% discount, it will reduce their worth to $7.71 per share.

The third central item in RemainCo is Excalibur, which is estimated to be worth around $1B according to patent valuation firm Envision IPO, which is equivalent to $1.05 per share. On top of these holdings, RemainCo will also own minority stakes in thirteen companies whose aggregated value is $150M or $0.16 per share.

The last piece of the puzzle is the cash that RemainCo will receive from Verizon (before any adjustments), minus the $1.23 long-term debt. This part ends up with $3.6B, which is $3.74 per share.

The total valuation of RemainCo, as reflected from the above explanation, is $52.4B before any discount is applied to the Yahoo Japan and Alibaba stakes, and $45.6B after using the previously mentioned discounts. That brings the RemainCo share price to $48, which reflects around 12% upside from the current price of Yahoo's shares.

When using BABA analysts' average price target of $111, RemainCo's share price value increases to $50.8 (after a 15% discount to Alibaba's stake value), which is 18% higher than the current price of Yahoo. As the Alibaba stake value for a potential sale will be determined at some point in the future, I prefer to use an average of the current stock price and the analysts' PT average, which sets RemainCo's price at $49 and reflects a 14% upside.

Investment Strategy

Investors that usually invest mostly in equity and believe the 14% upside that was presented above meets their expectations could simply open a long equity position on Yahoo. As the market volatility continues, these investors could add more units when the market drags Yahoo's stock down. I prefer to use a long equity position as my core strategy and strengthen it with bullish options strategies that could significantly increase the return.

One alternative is the relatively safe Bull Put for Jan 2017 with a $39 strike on the long leg and $45 on the short leg. This strategy has a net negative cost -$2.29 and a Sharpe ratio of 0.77. Another slightly riskier alternative is a Jan 2017 39/45 Risk Reversal that costs $0.48 and has a Sharpe ratio of 1.07. However, it has no downside protection as the Bull Put has in $39. Choosing one of these options strategies could significantly increase return from the expected upside.

After an incredible 40% surge in stock price, I believe Yahoo still offers a 14% upside on its equity that could be increased using some bullish options strategies. As Yahoo is still far away from fully unlocking its shareholders' value, I'm long YHOO and remain bullish on YHOO/RemainCo.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: The information provided in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be regarded as investment advice or a recommendation regarding any particular security or course of action. This information is the writer's opinion about the companies mentioned in the article. Investors should conduct their due diligence and consult with a registered financial adviser before making any investment decision. Lior Ronen and Finro are not registered financial advisers and shall not have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to this material. By accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Goldmoney Inc. Announces OTC Ticker Symbol Change to "XAUMF" TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Sept. 21, 2016) - Goldmoney Inc. (XAU.TO) (the "Company"), a financial technology company operating a global, 100%-reserved gold-based financial network, today announced the change of its OTC trading symbol. Effective today, the Company's common shares will commence trading on the OTC Markets under the symbol "XAUMF" (OTC:XAUMF). The previous trading symbol was "BTGDF" (BTGDF).

Goldmoney Inc. Ticker Symbols

Primary Exchange Country Symbol TSX Canada XAU

Secondary Listings Country Symbol OTC USA XAUMF FWB Germany 9BT

About Goldmoney Inc.

Goldmoney Inc. (XAU.TO) is a mission-driven financial technology company that operates the world's largest 100%-reserved gold-based savings and payments network. Goldmoney  provides financial services as a trusted third-party, combining the unique attributes of gold with technology-driven innovation. Through Goldmoney Personal and Goldmoney Business, anyone with internet access can buy, sell, transfer, earn, or redeem physical allocated gold on the network. Goldmoney Wealth offers bespoke precious metals custody and wealth services, trading and execution, card services, tax-free retirement accounts and independent research to high net worth individual investors and institutions. Goldmoney Inc. has more than 1.22 million user signups from more than 150 countries and $1.85 billion in client assets under administration (as at August 30, 2016). Together, Goldmoney Personal and Business are regulated as a Dealer in Precious Metals by the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada. Goldmoney Wealth is regulated as a Money Services Business by the Jersey Financial Services Commission. For more information about Goldmoney, visit goldmoney.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release contains or refers to certain forward-looking information. Forward-looking information can often be identified by forward-looking words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "estimate", "may", "potential" and "will" or similar words suggesting future outcomes, or other expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, intentions or statements about future events or performance. All information other than information regarding historical fact, which addresses activities, events or developments that the Goldmoney Inc. (the "Company") believes, expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, is forward-looking information. Forward-looking information does not constitute historical fact but reflects the current expectations the Company regarding future results or events based on information that is currently available. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, that contribute to the possibility that the predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking information will not occur. Such forward-looking information in this release speak only as of the date hereof. Forward-looking information in this release includes, but is not limited to, statements with respect to: service times for transactions on the Goldmoney network; growth of the Company's business, expected results of operations, and the market for the Company's products and services and competitive conditions.

This forward-looking information is based on reasonable assumptions and estimates of management of the Company at the time it was made, and involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such factors include, among others: the Company's limited operating history; history of operating losses; future capital needs and uncertainty of additional financing; fluctuations in the market price of the Company's common shares; the effect of government regulation and compliance on the Company and the industry; legal and regulatory change and uncertainty; jurisdictional factors associated with international operations; foreign restrictions on the Company's operations; product development and rapid technological change; dependence on technical infrastructure; protection of intellectual property; use and storage of personal information and compliance with privacy laws; network security risks; risk of system failure or inadequacy; the Company's ability to manage rapid growth; competition; effectiveness of the Company's risk management and internal controls; use of the Company's services for improper or illegal purposes; uninsured and underinsured losses; theft & risk of physical harm to personnel; precious metal trading risks; and volatility of precious metals prices & public interest in precious metals investment; and those risks set out in the Company's most recently filed annual information form, available on SEDAR. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, except as required by law. The Trade Desk Inc. Begins Trading on NASDAQ and Hosts Closing Bell Ceremony NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Sep 21, 2016) - The Trade Desk, Inc. ( NASDAQ : TTD ), a provider of a global technology platform for buyers of advertising, announced today that it has begun trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol TTD.

The Trade Desk's Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Green, will preside over the Nasdaq Closing Bell Ceremony in celebration of its initial public offering (IPO). The Closing Bell Ceremony will take place at 4:00 p.m. EDT at the Nasdaq MarketSite in New York City and will be viewable at https://new.livestream.com/nasdaq/live.

"This is a monumental day for The Trade Desk," said The Trade Desk CEO Jeff Green. "We are thrilled to join The Nasdaq Stock Market as we aim to continue to shape the future of how advertising is bought and sold. We remain committed to enabling every digital advertising impression to result in a win for the brand, the publisher and most importantly, the consumer."

About The Trade Desk Inc.

The Trade Desk  is a technology company that empowers buyers of advertising. Through its self-service, cloud-based platform, ad buyers can create, manage, and optimize more expressive data-driven digital advertising campaigns across ad formats, including display, video, audio, native and, social, on a multitude of devices, such as computers, mobile devices, and connected TV. Integrations with major data, inventory, and publisher partners ensure maximum reach and decisioning capabilities, and enterprise APIs enable custom development on top of the platform.

Headquartered in Ventura, CA, The Trade Desk has offices across the United States, Europe, and Asia. www.thetradedesk.com 
2016-02-02
Yahoo's Mayer Critiqued by Judge Over Executive's Firing Yahoo! Inc. officials were ordered to hand over internal documents to investors detailing how Chief Executive Marissa Mayer handled the 2014 firing of her former second in command, a move that triggered nearly $60 million in severance payments.

Mayer s conduct in the termination of ex-Chief Operating Officer Henrique de Castro, a former Google colleague, after only 14 months on the job may not have been improper,  but it is worthy of investigation,  a Delaware judge concluded Tuesday.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Mayer has been criticized by activist investors for failing to turn around the Web pioneer, which has been eclipsed over the years by Google, Facebook Inc. and other digital providers. The embattled CEO, who has overseen falling sales in seven of the past 10 quarters, has promised a new plan to cut costs and boost growth. The company plans to say it s exploring  strategic alternatives  for its Web business, a person familiar with the matter said Tuesday.

 Credible Basis 

Investors have a  credible basis  for wanting to review Yahoo s files on de Castro s ouster and have raised legitimate reasons to  suspect  Mayer and directors wasted money in the hefty payout, Delaware Chancery Court Judge Travis Laster said in a 74-page ruling.

Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo doesn t  comment on ongoing litigation,  Suzanne Philion, a spokeswoman for company, said in an e-mail.

De Castro, hired as Mayer s top lieutenant, joined Yahoo in November 2012 from Google, where he was touted as an expert in Internet advertising. He was fired in January 2014 after little more than a year on the job amid disappointment with his efforts to boost growth.

The former executive was in line to receive an estimated $109 million, including equity awards and almost $60 million in severance benefits for his short stint. During his time at Yahoo, he was paid more than Mayer s $36.6 million, according to a 2013 company report sent to shareholders.

Yahoo investors want to delve into details about Mayer s decision-making and the board s oversight role. Mayer  cryptically withheld  de Castro s name, position and qualifications while seeking initial board approval on his pay. She also steered changes to the terms of his offer letter that effectively doubled the payout of incentives and options, Laster said in his ruling.

Performance Data

 Based on the current record, it is not clear why Mayer did these things, and the explanation may well be innocent or innocuous,  Laster said.  Regardless, further investigation is warranted. 

Investors also have a right to information about de Castro s performance and whether he could have been fired in a way that didn t require payment of his severance package, the judge said.

De Castro, who was charged with expanding the scope of Yahoo s digital advertising,  did not perform,  Laster said, adding that  in every quarter after he started, Yahoo s advertising revenue declined. 

Yahoo also was accused yesterday in a lawsuit of manipulating employee performance evaluations to justify firing hundreds of workers in order to meet its financial targets. The company defended its evaluation system as fair.

The Delaware case is Amalgamated Bank v. Yahoo! Inc., CA10774-VCL, Delaware Chancery Court, (Wilmington). The California case is Anderson v. Yahoo Inc., 5:16-cv-00527, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose). Yahoo To Improve Profitability and Accelerate Growth By Sharpening Focus SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) will announce today an aggressive strategic plan to simplify the company, narrowing its focus on areas of strength to better fuel growth, drive revenue and increase efficiency in 2016 and beyond.

Collectively, the strategic plan aims to:

Improve consumer and advertiser product quality and grow daily active users (DAUs)

Drive continued growth in revenue realized through Mavens (mobile, video, native and social) to $1.8 billion this year,

Improve profitability to reach an adjusted EBITDA run rate of approximately one billion dollars by the second half of 2016

Reduce operating expenses by more than $400 million by the end of 2016

Limit GAAP revenue impact of product and regional exits to approximately $100 million

Explore non-strategic asset divestitures that, if consummated, could generate in excess of $1 billion in cash, and

Deliver increased value to shareholders, advertisers, and the more than one billion people who use Yahoo s products and services.

 Today, we re announcing a strategic plan that we strongly believe will enable us to accelerate Yahoo s transformation,  said Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo.  This is a strong plan calling for bold shifts in products and in resources. We are extremely proud of the billion dollar plus business we have built in mobile, video, native, and social. Our strategic bets in Mavens have enabled us build an entirely new, forward-leaning business of tremendous scale and growth in just three years. The plan announced today builds from that achievement and will dramatically brighten our future and improve our competitiveness, and attractiveness to users, advertisers, and partners. 

"The Board is committed to the turnaround efforts of the management team and supportive of the plan announced today. We have tremendous respect for the thousands of Yahoos who work very hard to make the world a better place,  said Maynard Webb, Yahoo s Chairman of the Board.  The Board also believes that exploring additional strategic alternatives, in parallel to the execution of the management plan, is in the best interest of our shareholders. Separating our Alibaba stake from our operating business continues to be a primary focus, and our most direct path to value maximization. In addition to continuing work on the reverse spin, which we ve discussed previously, we will engage on qualified strategic proposals. 

Strategic Plan for Growth

On this afternoon s fourth quarter and year end 2015 earnings call, Yahoo will lay out a go-forward plan for accelerating growth at the Company through four key objectives:

Play to Strengths to Grow User Engagement. Yahoo has grown into a guide to digital information discovery for more than one billion monthly active users. In 2016, the Company will prioritize growing engagement with its enormous user base. Yahoo will simplify its product portfolio to emphasize the products that distinguish the Company competitively and drive the most substantial portion of users, revenue, and market opportunity. This focus will increase the pace of innovation and product improvement, deliver a more deeply integrated Yahoo experience and more quickly grow key metrics such as page views, logged in users, and DAUs.



For consumer products, Yahoo will consist of three global platforms: Search, Mail, and Tumblr, and four verticals: News, Sports, Finance and Lifestyle in growth markets like the U.S., Canada, U.K., Germany, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. For advertisers, Yahoo will be defined by two core offerings: Gemini and BrightRoll. Gemini combines search and native ads for superior results, while BrightRoll offers programmatic buying and selling tools for video, display and native advertising.



For Yahoo s search business, mobile search is the biggest opportunity. The Company will shift most of the resources in this area toward more forward-leaning mobile search investments, positioning it to redefine search for mobile devices, which will help drive sustainable long-term growth and differentiation.



Yahoo Mail is the heart of the Company s communications products. To continue to grow DAUs and increase engagement, investment in Yahoo Mail will be used to improve speed and stability, as well as add features that make it easier for users to share, search and connect through the platform. As an essential driver of the Company s entire product portfolio, focused investment in Yahoo Mail will help accelerate growth across the business.



For the Tumblr platform and Yahoo s digital content strongholds of News, Sports, Finance, and Lifestyle, investment will be focused on growing user engagement, especially on mobile. The Company will invest in features and experiences that engage users as both consumers and creators of content, encouraging them to do more with, and therefore spend more time on, the Yahoo network.

Drive Mavens Revenue Growth. Yahoo will continue to invest in the Mavens strategy to counterbalance legacy business declines with an emphasis on mobile. Mavens revenue exceeded $1.6 billion in GAAP revenue in 2015, a 45 percent year-over-year increase that surpassed our forecast. Focus on engagement growth and improved monetization for the core consumer products, together with the syndication of mobile tools through the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite, Yahoo expects to drive long-term sustainable revenue growth and reach more than $1.8 billion in Mavens GAAP revenue in 2016.



Advertiser spend in Mavens areas is projected to increase significantly. Mobile industry ad spend is anticipated to nearly double by 2018, and programmatic technology has become the proven advertising solution for optimal performance, pricing and control. In response to these trends, Yahoo s global sales team has already begun to shift toward performance and programmatic offerings and the Company has already seen the benefits of this in Q4. This strategy, plus the work that s been done over the last two years with Mavens-focused ad formats and investment in Gemini and BrightRoll platforms, positions Yahoo well to ride these trends toward sustainable growth.

Yahoo will continue to invest in the Mavens strategy to counterbalance legacy business declines with an emphasis on mobile. Mavens revenue exceeded $1.6 billion in GAAP revenue in 2015, a 45 percent year-over-year increase that surpassed our forecast. Focus on engagement growth and improved monetization for the core consumer products, together with the syndication of mobile tools through the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite, Yahoo expects to drive long-term sustainable revenue growth and reach more than $1.8 billion in Mavens GAAP revenue in 2016. Advertiser spend in Mavens areas is projected to increase significantly. Mobile industry ad spend is anticipated to nearly double by 2018, and programmatic technology has become the proven advertising solution for optimal performance, pricing and control. In response to these trends, Yahoo s global sales team has already begun to shift toward performance and programmatic offerings and the Company has already seen the benefits of this in Q4. This strategy, plus the work that s been done over the last two years with Mavens-focused ad formats and investment in Gemini and BrightRoll platforms, positions Yahoo well to ride these trends toward sustainable growth. Simplify the Business to Improve Execution. In 2016, a smaller product portfolio emphasizing Yahoo s core strengths will yield better focus, execution, and ultimately clearer value to shareholders, advertisers and users. Since 2012 the Company has invested across different product areas and markets to drive innovation and fuel growth and now it will align resources towards proven growth areas. In Q4 the Company closed Yahoo Screen and shifted away from original scripted content. In 2016, Yahoo will consolidate some Digital Magazines under one of our four core verticals, while others will be shut down. The Company will also exit legacy products, including Games and Smart TV, which have not met growth expectations. A simpler product portfolio more focused on Yahoo s strengths will allow the Company to more quickly improve offerings to increase profitability.



In addition to a clarified product portfolio, Yahoo has begun to explore divesting non-strategic assets of value such as the responsible monetization of non-strategic patents, the sale of valuable real estate, and other non-core, non-strategic assets. Through the end of the year, the Company estimates that these efforts could generate between one and three billion dollars in cash.

Efficiently Align Resources. Yahoo s plan reflects the Company s goal to continue to spend thoughtfully, operate effectively, and drive profitability. As part of this plan, the Company has begun executing on a number of additional cost-savings efforts. Since 2012, Yahoo has already made significant strides to manage headcount and achieve stability with fewer employees. Yahoo values everyone who has dedicated themselves and made contributions to the Company. The changes in the employee footprint have not been easy, but are necessary to position the Company for a stronger future.



To that end, Yahoo plans to reduce our workforce by roughly 15 percent and exit five offices in Dubai, Mexico City, Buenos Aires, Madrid, and Milan, subject to local laws and consultation processes. It s expected that most of these changes will take place in Q1, but by the end of 2016, the Company anticipates having approximately 9,000 employees and fewer than 1,000 contractors. This represents a workforce that is roughly 42 percent smaller than it was in 2012 and will result in savings in short term operating expense of $400 million annually. Yahoo does not take this decision lightly and will make every effort to handle the process with thoughtfulness, transparency, and compassion.

As a result of this four-point plan, Yahoo is expected to return to modest and accelerating growth in 2017 and 2018. Yahoo s leadership and Board together believe that by taking these steps, the Company will more quickly realize a significant and positive impact on the trajectory of its transformation.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

This press release contains forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, the quotations from management) concerning Yahoo's strategic plan, operational improvements and cost efficiency measures and their projected impact on Yahoo s future growth and results of operations, as well as Yahoo s review of strategic alternatives, including the separation of its remaining holdings in Alibaba Group Holding Limited. Risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to Yahoo s ability to continue to grow its mobile users and revenues; risks related to Yahoo s ability to continue to grow the Mavens revenue; risks related to Yahoo s ability to grow users, user engagement and pageviews; risks related to acquiring or developing compelling content; risks related to growing advertiser engagement; risk of potential reduction in spending by, or loss of, advertising customers; risks related to Yahoo s ability to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that differentiate its services and generate significant traffic; risks related to Yahoo s ability to dispose of non-core assets on satisfactory terms; risks associated with strategic efforts to efficiently align our resources and to manage operating expenses effectively and improve profitability; risks related to acceptance by users of new products and services; risks related to Yahoo's ability to compete with new or existing competitors; risks associated with the Search Agreement with Microsoft Corporation; risks related to joint ventures and the integration of acquisitions; risks related to possible impairment of goodwill or other assets; risks related to Yahoo s ability to protect its intellectual property and the value of its brands; adverse results in litigation; security breaches; interruptions or delays in the provision of Yahoo s services; risks related to Yahoo s regulatory environment; risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; risks related to Yahoo's international operations; risks related to Yahoo s ability to recruit and retain key personnel; dependence on third parties for technology, services, content, and distribution; risks related to the calculation of our key operational metrics; and general economic conditions. With respect to Yahoo s review of strategic alternatives, including the separation of the Alibaba stake, there is no assurance that any transaction or transactions will be consummated, and the potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, factors affecting the feasibility and timing of any such transaction or transactions, including, without limitation, required third party consents and regulatory approvals; adverse regulatory developments or determinations or adverse changes in, or interpretations of, U.S. or foreign tax laws, rules or regulations that could materially impact or delay or prevent completion of any such transaction or transactions; and risks related to realization of the expected benefits of any such transaction or transactions to Yahoo and its stockholders. All information set forth in this press release and its attachments is as of February 2, 2016. Yahoo does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. More information about potential factors that could affect the Company's business and financial results is included under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as amended, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, which are on file with the SEC and available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in those sections in Yahoo s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which will be filed with the SEC in the first quarter of 2016.

Non-GAAP Financial Measure

This press release includes the Company s expectations for adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Yahoo! Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries,  Yahoo,  the  Company,  or  we ) uses this non-GAAP financial measure for internal managerial purposes and to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. We describe limitations specific to this non-GAAP financial measure below. We believe that adjusted EBITDA reflects an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. This non-GAAP measure should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, net income attributable to Yahoo! Inc. (or  net earnings ) calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as GAAP net earnings before of taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, other income, net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and other gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing results. We present adjusted EBITDA because the exclusion of certain gains, losses, and expenses facilitates comparisons of the operating performance of the Company on a period to period basis. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results reported under GAAP. These limitations include: adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments and such payments reflect a reduction in cash available to us; adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues in our businesses; adjusted EBITDA does not include stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s workforce; adjusted EBITDA also excludes other income, net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and other gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing results, and these items may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us; and adjusted EBITDA is a measure that may be unique to the Company, and therefore it may not enhance the comparability of our results to other companies in our industry. Management generally compensates for these limitations by also relying on the comparable GAAP financial measure of net earnings, which includes taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense, other income, net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and the other gains, losses and expenses that are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. This measure may be different than similarly titled measures used by other companies.

As mentioned above, we expect that the execution of our 2016 plan will cause our Adjusted EBITDA run rate for the second half of 2016 to be approximately $1 billion on an annualized basis. We expect the comparable GAAP financial measure GAAP net earnings run rate to be lower than such non-GAAP measure as a result of the inclusion of the following amount in the GAAP metric:

expected depreciation and amortization expense run rate of $525 million for the second half of 2016 on an annualized basis.

However, we are unable to provide a full reconciliation because we are unable to provide a forward-looking estimate of the other reconciling items between GAAP net earnings run rate and adjusted EBITDA run rate, including run rates of stock based compensation; restructuring charges; other income, net; provision for income taxes; earnings in equity interests; and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests; and other potential items such as advisory fees. Certain factors that are materially significant to our ability to estimate these run rates are out of our control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, a full reconciliation to GAAP net earnings run rate is not available without unreasonable effort. Yahoo Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) today reported results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2015.

Q4 2014 Q4 2015 Full Year 2014 Full Year 2015 GAAP revenue $1,253 million $1,273 million $4,618 million $4,968 million Cost of revenue   TAC $74 million $271 million $218 million $878 million Goodwill impairment* $88 million $4,461 million $88 million $4,461 million Income (loss) from operations $32 million ($4,530) million $143 million ($4,748) million Non-GAAP income from operations $256 million $63 million $755 million $342 million Adjusted EBITDA $409 million $215 million $1,362 million $952 million Net earnings $166 million ($4,435) million $7,522 million ($4,359) million GAAP net earnings per diluted share $0.17 ($4.70) $7.45 ($4.64) Non-GAAP net earnings per diluted share $0.30 $0.13 $1.57 $0.59 *See further discussion related to goodwill impairment below

"I m pleased to report that our Q4 performance exceeded guidance across GAAP revenue, revenue ex-TAC, adjusted EBITDA, and non-GAAP Operating Income,  said Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo.  We continue to be encouraged by the performance of our Mavens investments, which in 2015 alone, grew to about a third of our GAAP revenue -- $1.6 billion dollars. 

Business Highlights

Search

As part of Yahoo s efforts to move search toward a more contextual, anticipatory and assistive experience, the Company made the first in a series of ongoing updates to the Yahoo Search app. For iOS in the U.S., the Yahoo Search app experience is now more actionable and guides users to the information they need whether it s from the Web or their inboxes. Logged in users can now see Web and email results in one place, as the app can now search across email, contacts and calendar to help them find things like package delivery notifications, hotel reservation details and upcoming events, while partnerships with companies like Yelp and OpenTable allow users to take action directly from the search results page.

Communications

Yahoo unveiled the next generation of Yahoo Messenger on mobile for both iOS and Android, the Web and Yahoo Mail on desktop. Built from the ground up, the powerful new platform integrates technology and features from Flickr, Tumblr and Xobni. Built for group and 1:1 messaging, Yahoo Messenger now allows users to unsend and like messages, photos and animated GIFs quickly and easily.

Digital Content

Tumblr further strengthened the way that users communicate and connect over the things they love through threaded instant Messaging available across iOS and Android apps, and on the Web.

Yahoo presented the first free, global live stream of an NFL game to more than 15 million viewers across the globe. This was the first time users were able to enjoy the NFL s premium content globally without cable, authentication or TV across both Yahoo and Tumblr. More than 30 top brands partnered with Yahoo to kick off this new era of sports programming. The Company delivered the live stream with a rebuffering ratio of less than one percent.

Yahoo, together with launch sponsor Fidelity Investments, introduced  The Final Round,  a live weekday show on Yahoo Finance that offers insight into the most important business news of the day and what s driving markets, and features interviews with bold-faced names like premiere guest Charles Koch from the field and in the New York studio.

Yahoo debuted Adrian Wojnarowski s new weekly NBA podcast, The Vertical, with an interview with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver. The podcast debuted in advance of the January launch of Wojnarowski s new basketball site  The Vertical  on Yahoo Sports.  The Vertical  will feature content from an elite and talented group of reporters and industry insiders.

Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Financial Highlights

Mavens Revenue:

Q4 2014 Q4 2015 Full Year 2014 Full Year 2015 Mavens revenue $ 375 million $ 472 million $ 1,148 million $ 1,660 million Non-Mavens revenue 751 million 750 million 3,022 million 2,908 million Total traffic-driven revenue $ 1,126 million $ 1,222 million $ 4,170 million $ 4,568 million Non-traffic-driven revenue 127 million 51 million 448 million 400 million GAAP revenue $ 1,253 million $ 1,273 million $ 4,618 million $ 4,968 million

Mavens revenue represented 33 percent and 28 percent of traffic-driven revenue in the fourth quarter and full year of 2014, respectively, and increased to 39 percent and 36 percent in the fourth quarter and full year of 2015, respectively.

Mobile Revenue:

Q4 2014 Q4 2015 Full Year 2014 Full Year 2015 Mobile revenue $ 254 million $ 291 million $ 768 million $ 1,048 million PC revenue 872 million 931 million 3,402 million 3,520 million Total traffic-driven revenue $ 1,126 million $ 1,222 million $ 4,170 million $ 4,568 million Non-traffic-driven revenue 127 million 51 million 448 million 400 million GAAP revenue $ 1,253 million $ 1,273 million $ 4,618 million $ 4,968 million

Mobile revenue represented 23 percent and 18 percent of traffic-driven revenue in the fourth quarter and full year of 2014, respectively, and increased to 24 percent and 23 percent in the fourth quarter and full year of 2015, respectively.

Gross mobile revenue for the fourth quarter of 2014 and 2015 was $413 million and $449 million, respectively. Gross mobile revenue for the full year of 2014 and 2015 was $1,261 million and $1,679 million, respectively.

Search Revenue:

Gross search revenue was $866 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, a decrease of 7 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. Gross search revenue was $3,612 million for the full year of 2015, an increase of 7 percent compared to the prior year.

GAAP search revenue was $522 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, an increase of 12 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. GAAP search revenue was $2,084 million for the full year of 2015, an increase of 16 percent compared to the prior year.

Cost of revenue - TAC paid to search partners was $141 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, which includes TAC from the Mozilla agreement, compared to $5 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Cost of revenue - TAC paid to search partners was $465 million for the full year of 2015, which includes TAC from the Mozilla agreement, compared to $9 million in the prior year.

The number of Paid Clicks decreased 10 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014.

Price-per-Click increased 3 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014.

Display Revenue:

GAAP display revenue was $601 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, a 13 percent increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. GAAP display revenue was $2,074 million for the full year of 2015, an 11 percent increase compared to the prior year.

Cost of revenue - TAC paid to display partners was $130 million for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to $68 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Cost of revenue - TAC paid to display partners was $410 million for the full year of 2015 compared to $205 million in the prior year.

The number of Ads Sold increased 8 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014.

Price-per-Ad increased 6 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014.

Goodwill Impairment:

We recorded a $4,461 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2015. We concluded that the carrying value of our U.S. & Canada, Europe, Latin America and Tumblr reporting units exceeded their respective estimated fair values. The goodwill impairment resulted from a combination of factors, including decreases in our market capitalization, projected operating results and estimated future cash flows.

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities:

Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $6.8 billion as of December 31, 2015 compared to $10.2 billion as of December 31, 2014, a decrease of $3.4 billion. In the first quarter of 2015, the Company satisfied the $3.3 billion income tax liability related to the sale of Alibaba Group ADSs in September 2014.

"We're encouraged that our fourth quarter results exceeded expectations in all core metrics," said Ken Goldman, CFO of Yahoo. "As we look forward to executing a more focused strategy for the Company, this is a solid baseline for the actions we're taking to improve performance in 2016 and beyond."

Live Stream

Yahoo will live stream a video broadcast of the Company's fourth quarter and full year 2015 financial results at 2 p.m. Pacific Time/5 p.m. Eastern Time today. The live stream will be broadcast from Yahoo s Sunnyvale studio and will be available exclusively on Yahoo Finance at finance.yahoo.com. The Company will provide its business outlook for the first quarter of 2016 during the presentation. Supplemental financial information can be accessed through the Company s Investor Relations website at investor.yahoo.net. The video will be archived after the event at investor.yahoo.net and will be available for 90 days following the broadcast.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This press release and its attachments include the following financial measures defined as non-GAAP financial measures by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ): gross mobile revenue; gross search revenue; revenue ex-TAC; adjusted EBITDA; non-GAAP income from operations; non-GAAP net earnings; non-GAAP net earnings per share - diluted; and free cash flow.

Gross mobile revenue is GAAP mobile revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties. Gross search revenue is GAAP search revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties. Revenue ex-TAC is GAAP revenue less cost of revenue - TAC. Adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net earnings, and non-GAAP net earnings per share - diluted, exclude from the most comparable GAAP financial measures certain gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of ongoing results, and exclude stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, other income (expense), net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Free cash flow is GAAP net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (adjusted to include excess tax benefits from stock-based awards), less acquisition of property and equipment, net (i.e., acquisition of property and equipment less proceeds received from disposition of property and equipment) and dividends received from equity investees.

These measures may be different than non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). Explanations of the Company s non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these financial measures to the GAAP financial measures the Company considers most comparable are included in the accompanying  Note to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements,  and  Supplemental Financial Data and GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations. 

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

 Ads Sold  consist of display ad impressions for paying advertisers on Yahoo Properties and Affiliate sites.

 Affiliates  refers to the third-party entities that have integrated Yahoo s advertising offerings into their websites or other offerings (those websites and other offerings,  Affiliate sites ).

 Alibaba Group  means Alibaba Group Holding Limited. In September 2014, Alibaba Group completed its initial public offering of American Depositary Shares ( ADS ), in which Yahoo was a selling shareholder.

 Gross mobile revenue  is GAAP mobile revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties.

 Gross search revenue  is GAAP search revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties.

 Mavens revenue  is revenue generated from, without duplication: (i) mobile (as defined below), (ii) video ads and video ad packages, (iii) native ads, and (iv) Tumblr ads and fees.

 Mobile revenue  is revenue generated in connection with user activity on mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, regardless of whether the device is accessing a mobile-optimized service. Mobile revenue is generated primarily from search and display ads. Mobile revenue also includes leads, listings and fees revenue and ecommerce revenue allocated to user activity on mobile devices.

 Net earnings  means net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc., and  net earnings per diluted share  means net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share   diluted.

 Non-Mavens revenue  is revenue generated from search ads and traditional (i.e., non-native, non-video, non-Tumblr) display ads served on PCs and also includes leads, listings and fees revenue and ecommerce revenue allocated to user activity on PCs.

 Non-traffic-driven revenue  is revenue not arising from user activity on Yahoo Properties or Affiliate sites, and includes royalty revenue, license fee revenue, amortization under the technology and intellectual property license agreement with Alibaba Group through the third quarter of 2015, and all other revenue that is not traffic-driven.

 Paid Clicks  are clicks by end-users on sponsored search listings (excluding native ads) on Yahoo Properties and Affiliate sites.

 PC  means a desktop computer, and  PC revenue  is revenue generated from search and display ads served on PCs and also includes leads, listings and fees revenue and ecommerce revenue allocated to user activity on PCs.

 Price-per-Ad  is defined as display revenue divided by our total number of Ads Sold.

 Price-per-Click  is defined as Search click-driven revenue divided by our total number of Paid Clicks.

 Search Agreement  refers to the Search and Advertising Services and Sales Agreement between Yahoo and Microsoft Corporation, as amended.

 Search click-driven revenue  is gross search revenue excluding the Microsoft RPS guarantee and search revenue from Yahoo Japan.

 TAC  refers to traffic acquisition costs. TAC consists of payments to Affiliates and payments made to companies that direct consumer and business traffic to Yahoo Properties.

 Yahoo,   Company,  and  we  refer to Yahoo! Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

 Yahoo Properties  refers to the online properties and services that Yahoo provides to users.

We periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting number of Ads Sold and Paid Clicks, and for calculating Search click-driven revenue, Price-per-Ad, and Price-per-Click.

Additional information about how  Ads Sold,   Paid Clicks,   Price-per-Ad,   Price-per-Click,  and  Search click-driven revenue  are defined and calculated is included under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, which is on file with the SEC and available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning Yahoo's expected financial performance and Yahoo's strategic and operational plans (including, without limitation, the quotations from management). Risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to acceptance by users of new products and services; risks related to Yahoo's ability to compete with new or existing competitors; reduction in spending by, or loss of, advertising customers; risks related to Yahoo s ability to continue to grow its mobile users and revenue; risks related to Yahoo s ability to continue to grow Mavens revenue; risks related to Yahoo s ability to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that differentiate its services and generate significant traffic; risks associated with the Search Agreement with Microsoft Corporation; risks related to acquiring or developing compelling content; risks related to joint ventures and the integration of acquisitions; risks related to possible impairment of goodwill or other assets; risks related to Yahoo s ability to manage its operating expenses effectively; risks related to Yahoo s ability to protect its intellectual property and the value of its brands; adverse results in litigation; security breaches; interruptions or delays in the provision of Yahoo s services; risks related to Yahoo s regulatory environment; risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; risks related to Yahoo's international operations; risks related to Yahoo s ability to recruit and retain key personnel; dependence on third parties for technology, services, content, and distribution; risks related to the calculation of our key operational metrics; and general economic conditions. All information set forth in this press release and its attachments is as of February 2, 2016. Yahoo does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. More information about potential factors that could affect the Company's business and financial results is included under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as amended, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, which are on file with the SEC and available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in those sections in Yahoo s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which will be filed with the SEC in the first quarter of 2016.

Yahoo!, the Yahoo family of marks, Flickr, Xobni, and the associated logos are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc. Tumblr is a registered trademark of Tumblr, Inc. Other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners.

Yahoo! Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) December 31, December 31, 2014 2015 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,664,098 $ 1,631,911 Short-term marketable securities 5,327,412 4,225,112 Accounts receivable, net 1,032,704 1,047,504 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 420,207 602,792 Total current assets 9,444,421 7,507,319 Long-term marketable securities 2,230,892 975,961 Property and equipment, net 1,487,684 1,547,323 Goodwill 5,152,570 808,114 Intangible assets, net 470,842 347,269 Other long-term assets and investments 563,560 342,390 Investments in Alibaba Group 39,867,789 31,172,361 Investments in equity interests 2,489,578 2,503,229 Total assets $ 61,707,336 $ 45,203,966 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 238,018 $ 208,691 Income taxes payable related to sale of Alibaba Group ADSs 3,282,293 - Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 657,709 934,658 Deferred revenue 336,963 134,031 Total current liabilities 4,514,983 1,277,380 Convertible notes 1,170,423 1,233,485 Long-term deferred revenue 20,774 27,801 Other long-term liabilities 143,095 118,689 Deferred tax liabilities related to investment in Alibaba Group 16,154,906 12,611,867 Deferred and other long-term tax liabilities 917,563 855,324 Total liabilities 22,921,744 16,124,546 Total Yahoo! Inc. stockholders' equity 38,741,837 29,043,537 Noncontrolling interests 43,755 35,883 Total equity 38,785,592 29,079,420 Total liabilities and equity $ 61,707,336 $ 45,203,966

Yahoo! Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2015 2014 2015 Revenue $ 1,253,072 $ 1,273,393 $ 4,618,133 $ 4,968,301 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue - traffic acquisition costs 73,616 270,916 217,531 877,514 Cost of revenue - other 287,808 316,193 1,169,844 1,200,234 Sales and marketing 261,040 256,728 1,084,438 1,080,718 Product development 304,287 272,463 1,156,386 1,177,923 General and administrative 190,051 181,733 686,272 687,804 Amortization of intangibles 17,924 19,365 66,750 79,042 Gain on sale of patents (35,094 ) - (97,894 ) (11,100 ) Asset impairment charge - 2,682 - 44,381 Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 88,414 4,460,837 Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 - 15,423 Restructuring charges, net 32,872 7,087 103,450 104,019 Total operating expenses 1,220,918 5,803,427 4,475,191 9,716,795 Income (loss) from operations 32,154 (4,530,034 ) 142,942 (4,748,494 ) Other income (expense), net 87,550 (9,023 ) 10,369,439 (75,782 ) Income (loss) before income taxes and earnings in equity interests 119,704 (4,539,057 ) 10,512,381 (4,824,276 ) (Provision) benefit for income taxes (52,340 ) 13,985 (4,038,102 ) 89,598 Earnings in equity interests 101,917 92,845 1,057,863 383,571 Net income (loss) 169,281 (4,432,227 ) 7,532,142 (4,351,107 ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (2,937 ) (2,760 ) (10,411 ) (7,975 ) Net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. $ 166,344 $ (4,434,987 ) $ 7,521,731 $ (4,359,082 ) Net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share - diluted (1) $ 0.17 $ (4.70 ) $ 7.45 $ (4.64 ) Shares used in per share calculation - diluted 962,626 943,425 1,004,108 939,141 Stock-based compensation expense by function: Cost of revenue - other $ 6,331 $ 9,053 $ 42,155 $ 32,010 Sales and marketing 32,209 30,002 145,777 141,418 Product development 44,839 45,010 139,056 190,454 General and administrative 19,373 21,836 93,186 93,271 Restructuring charges, net - - - 2,705 Supplemental Financial Data: Revenue ex-TAC $ 1,179,456 $ 1,002,477 $ 4,400,602 $ 4,090,787 Adjusted EBITDA $ 409,222 $ 214,687 $ 1,361,548 $ 951,740 Free cash flow(2) $ 74,525 $ 31,502 $ 586,632 $ (3,010,172 )

(1) The impact of outstanding stock awards of entities in which the Company holds equity interests that are accounted for using the equity method reduced the Company's diluted earnings per share by $0.04 for the year ended December 31, 2014. (2) During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company satisfied the $3.3 billion income tax liability related to the sale of Alibaba Group ADSs in September 2014.

Yahoo! Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2015 2014 2015 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) $ 169,281 $ (4,432,227 ) $ 7,532,142 $ (4,351,107 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation 118,454 117,354 475,031 472,894 Amortization of intangible assets 34,576 34,629 131,537 136,719 Accretion of convertible notes discount 15,255 16,077 59,838 63,061 Stock-based compensation expense 102,752 105,901 420,174 459,858 Non-cash asset impairment charge - 2,682 - 44,381 Non-cash goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 88,414 4,460,837 Non-cash intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 - 15,423 Non-cash restructuring (credits) charges 3,637 3,181 (3,394 ) 3,150 Non-cash accretion (amortization) on marketable securities 5,763 8,890 30,878 47,218 Foreign exchange (gain) loss 3,271 (5,961 ) 15,978 4,376 (Gain) loss on sale of assets and other (1,411 ) 180 (11,383 ) (2,878 ) Gain on sale of Alibaba Group ADSs - - (10,319,437 ) - Gain on sale of patents (35,094 ) - (97,894 ) (11,100 ) (Gain) loss on Hortonworks warrants (98,062 ) (42 ) (98,062 ) 19,199 Earnings in equity interests (101,917 ) (92,845 ) (1,057,863 ) (383,571 ) Tax benefits from stock-based awards 34,649 18,739 145,711 41,729 Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards (35,190 ) (24,923 ) (149,582 ) (58,282 ) Deferred income taxes 68,458 10,264 465,873 (42,341 ) Dividends received from equity investees - - 83,685 142,045 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable (113,370 ) (73,368 ) 29,278 (39,065 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets (103,477 ) 85,954 (82,419 ) 21,842 Accounts payable 14,475 (30,323 ) 14,165 (59,965 ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities 12,821 (84,793 ) 132,839 133,244 Income taxes payable related to sale of Alibaba Group ADSs - - 3,282,293 (3,282,293 ) Deferred revenue (76,070 ) (3,339 ) (194,920 ) (195,328 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 107,215 132,290 892,882 (2,359,954 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition of property and equipment (70,276 ) (125,818 ) (389,551 ) (577,631 ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 2,396 107 17,404 11,176 Purchases of marketable securities (6,327,504 ) (1,733,658 ) (7,890,092 ) (5,206,245 ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 587,924 256,676 2,269,659 822,997 Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 76,740 1,802,208 945,696 6,691,645 Proceeds from sale of Alibaba Group ADSs, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and fees - - 9,404,974 - Purchases of intangible assets (178 ) (78 ) (2,658 ) (4,811 ) Proceeds from sales of patents 23,500 - 86,300 29,100 Proceeds from the settlement of derivative hedge contracts 68,417 26,497 254,496 147,179 Payments for the settlement of derivative hedge contracts (236 ) (2,223 ) (5,454 ) (8,817 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (545,199 ) (1,063 ) (859,036 ) (175,693 ) Payments for equity investments in privately held companies (14,000 ) - (74,399 ) - Other investing activities, net 3,391 (53 ) 4,630 (256 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (6,195,025 ) 222,595 3,761,969 1,728,644 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 60,461 6,833 308,029 59,130 Repurchases of common stock (1,612,995 ) - (4,163,227 ) (203,771 ) Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards 35,190 24,923 149,582 58,282 Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of restricted stock units (54,454 ) (41,670 ) (280,879 ) (257,731 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests - - (22,344 ) (15,847 ) Other financing activities, net (4,387 ) (3,767 ) (13,627 ) (17,321 ) Net cash used in financing activities (1,576,185 ) (13,681 ) (4,022,466 ) (377,258 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (17,192 ) 9,547 (45,877 ) (23,619 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (7,681,187 ) 350,751 586,508 (1,032,187 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 10,345,285 1,281,160 2,077,590 2,664,098 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 2,664,098 $ 1,631,911 $ 2,664,098 $ 1,631,911

Yahoo! Inc.

Note to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

This press release and its attachments include the non-GAAP financial measures of revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs ( revenue ex-TAC ); gross mobile revenue; gross search revenue; adjusted EBITDA; non-GAAP income from operations; non-GAAP net earnings; non-GAAP net earnings per diluted share; and free cash flow, which are reconciled to revenue (in the case of revenue ex-TAC, gross mobile revenue, and gross search revenue); net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. (in the case of adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net earnings); income (loss) from operations; net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share   diluted; and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, which we believe are the most comparable GAAP measures. Yahoo! Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries,  Yahoo,  the  Company,  or  we ) uses these non-GAAP financial measures for internal managerial purposes and to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. We describe limitations specific to each non-GAAP financial measure below. Management generally compensates for limitations in the use of non-GAAP financial measures by relying on comparable GAAP financial measures and providing investors with a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure or measures. Further, management uses non-GAAP financial measures only in addition to and in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures reflect additional ways of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. These non-GAAP measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue, net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc., income (loss) from operations, net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share   diluted, and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Revenue ex-TAC is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as GAAP revenue less TAC that has been recorded as a cost of revenue. TAC consists of payments made to Affiliates, and payments made to companies that direct consumer and business traffic to Yahoo Properties. TAC is recorded either as a reduction of revenue or as cost of revenue. We present revenue ex-TAC to provide investors a metric used by the Company for evaluation and decision-making purposes and to provide investors with comparable revenue numbers when comparing to our historical reported financial information. A limitation of revenue ex-TAC is that it is a measure we defined for internal and investor purposes that may be unique to the Company, and therefore it may not enhance the comparability of our results to those of other companies in our industry who have similar business arrangements but address the impact of TAC differently. Management compensates for these limitations by also relying on the comparable GAAP financial measures of revenue and cost of revenue TAC.

Each of gross mobile revenue and gross search revenue is a non-GAAP financial measure. Gross mobile revenue is defined as GAAP mobile revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties. Gross search revenue is defined as GAAP search revenue plus the related revenue share with third parties. We present these amounts to provide investors with additional metrics used by the Company for evaluation and decision-making purposes and as an indicator of the size of our presence in the relevant business. To this end, gross mobile revenue and gross search revenue report the total receipts generated on Yahoo Properties and Affiliate sites by the specified relevant Yahoo business (i.e., mobile or search), before any TAC or other revenue share is paid to the Affiliates and before any revenue share is allocated to Microsoft or other parties. A limitation of these non-GAAP measures is that they include revenue that is recognized by one or more third parties and not by Yahoo; furthermore, they are measures we defined for internal and investor purposes that may be unique to us, and therefore may not enhance the comparability of our results to those of other companies in our industry who have similar business arrangements but address the impact of TAC and revenue sharing differently. Management compensates for these limitations by also relying on the comparable financial measure GAAP revenue.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. before taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, other income, net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and other gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing results. We present adjusted EBITDA because the exclusion of certain gains, losses, and expenses facilitates comparisons of the operating performance of the Company on a period to period basis. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results reported under GAAP. These limitations include: adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments and such payments reflect a reduction in cash available to us; adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues in our businesses; adjusted EBITDA does not include stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s workforce; adjusted EBITDA also excludes other income, net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and other gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing results, and these items may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us; and adjusted EBITDA is a measure that may be unique to the Company, and therefore it may not enhance the comparability of our results to other companies in our industry. Management compensates for these limitations by also relying on the comparable GAAP financial measure of net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc., which includes taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense, other income, net (which includes interest), earnings in equity interests, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and the other gains, losses and expenses that are excluded from adjusted EBITDA.

Non-GAAP income from operations is defined as income (loss) from operations excluding certain gains, losses, and expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing operating results and further adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense. Because of the variety of equity awards used by companies, the varying methodologies for determining stock-based compensation expense, and the subjective assumptions involved in those determinations, we believe excluding stock-based compensation expense enhances the ability of management and investors to understand the impact of stock-based compensation expense on income (loss) from operations. We consider non-GAAP income from operations to be a profitability measure which facilitates the forecasting of our operating results for future periods and allows for the comparison of our results to historical periods. A limitation of non-GAAP income from operations is that it does not include all items that impact our income from operations for the period. Management compensates for this limitation by also relying on the comparable GAAP financial measure of income (loss) from operations which includes the gains, losses, and expenses that are excluded from non-GAAP income from operations.

Non-GAAP net earnings is defined as net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. (which we sometimes refer to as net earnings) excluding certain gains, losses, expenses, and their related tax effects that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing results and further adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense and its related tax effects. Because of the variety of equity awards used by companies, the varying methodologies for determining stock-based compensation expense, and the subjective assumptions involved in those determinations, we believe excluding stock-based compensation expense enhances the ability of management and investors to understand the impact of stock-based compensation expense on net income and net income per share. We consider non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP net earnings per diluted share to be profitability measures which facilitate the forecasting of our results for future periods and allow for the comparison of our results to historical periods. A limitation of non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP net earnings per diluted share is that they do not include all items that impact our net income and net income per diluted share for the period. Management compensates for this limitation by also relying on the comparable GAAP financial measures of net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. and net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share - diluted, both of which include the gains, losses, expenses and related tax effects that are excluded from non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP net earnings per diluted share.

Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (adjusted to include excess tax benefits from stock-based awards), less acquisition of property and equipment, net (i.e., acquisition of property and equipment less proceeds received from disposition of property and equipment) and dividends received from equity investees. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure which provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by business operations, after deducting our net payments for acquisitions and dispositions of property and equipment, which cash can then be used for strategic opportunities or other business purposes including, among others, investing in the Company's business, making strategic acquisitions, strengthening the balance sheet, and repurchasing stock. A limitation of free cash flow is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. Management compensates for this limitation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with GAAP which incorporates all cash movements during the period.

Yahoo! Inc. Supplemental Financial Data and GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations (in thousands) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2015 2014 2015 Revenue for groups of similar services: Search $ 467,321 $ 521,869 $ 1,792,861 $ 2,084,139 Display 531,778 601,435 1,868,035 2,074,161 Other 253,973 150,089 957,237 810,001 Total revenue $ 1,253,072 $ 1,273,393 $ 4,618,133 $ 4,968,301 Revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs recorded as cost of revenue ("revenue ex-TAC") for groups of similar services: GAAP search revenue $ 467,321 $ 521,869 $ 1,792,861 $ 2,084,139 TAC associated with search revenue (5,096 ) (140,596 ) (9,279 ) (465,484 ) Search revenue ex-TAC $ 462,225 $ 381,273 $ 1,783,582 $ 1,618,655 GAAP display revenue $ 531,778 $ 601,435 $ 1,868,035 $ 2,074,161 TAC associated with display revenue (67,772 ) (129,756 ) (204,928 ) (409,590 ) Display revenue ex-TAC $ 464,006 $ 471,679 $ 1,663,107 $ 1,664,571 Other GAAP revenue $ 253,973 $ 150,089 $ 957,237 $ 810,001 TAC associated with other GAAP revenue (748 ) (564 ) (3,324 ) (2,440 ) Other revenue ex-TAC $ 253,225 $ 149,525 $ 953,913 $ 807,561 Revenue ex-TAC: GAAP revenue $ 1,253,072 $ 1,273,393 $ 4,618,133 $ 4,968,301 TAC (73,616 ) (270,916 ) (217,531 ) (877,514 ) Revenue ex-TAC $ 1,179,456 $ 1,002,477 $ 4,400,602 $ 4,090,787 Revenue ex-TAC by segment: Americas: GAAP revenue $ 972,092 $ 1,012,465 $ 3,517,861 $ 3,976,770 TAC (59,548 ) (239,393 ) (166,545 ) (788,725 ) Revenue ex-TAC $ 912,544 $ 773,072 $ 3,351,316 $ 3,188,045 EMEA: GAAP revenue $ 96,358 $ 97,116 $ 374,833 $ 343,646 TAC (9,482 ) (19,885 ) (36,867 ) (57,284 ) Revenue ex-TAC $ 86,876 $ 77,231 $ 337,966 $ 286,362 Asia Pacific: GAAP revenue $ 184,622 $ 163,812 $ 725,439 $ 647,885 TAC (4,586 ) (11,638 ) (14,119 ) (31,505 ) Revenue ex-TAC $ 180,036 $ 152,174 $ 711,320 $ 616,380 Total revenue ex-TAC $ 1,179,456 $ 1,002,477 $ 4,400,602 $ 4,090,787 Direct costs by segment (3): Americas $ 70,594 $ 79,338 $ 283,594 $ 319,744 EMEA 20,985 31,842 87,490 95,789 Asia Pacific 49,989 46,290 198,910 196,054 Global operating costs (4) 663,760 631,128 2,566,954 2,547,368 Gain on sale of patents (35,094 ) - (97,894 ) (11,100 ) Asset impairment charge - 2,682 - 44,381 Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 88,414 4,460,837 Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 - 15,423 Restructuring charges, net 32,872 7,087 103,450 104,019 Depreciation and amortization 153,030 151,983 606,568 609,613 Stock-based compensation expense 102,752 105,901 420,174 457,153 Income (loss) from operations $ 32,154 $ (4,530,034 ) $ 142,942 $ (4,748,494 )

(3) Direct costs for each segment include costs associated with the local sales teams and other cost of revenue. (4) Global operating costs include product development, marketing, real estate workplace, general and administrative, and other corporate expenses that are managed on a global basis and that are not directly attributable to any particular segment.

Yahoo! Inc. Supplemental Financial Data and GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations (continued) (in thousands) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2015 2014 2015 Reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. to adjusted EBITDA: Net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. $ 166,344 $ (4,434,987 ) $ 7,521,731 $ (4,359,082 ) Advisory fees - 808 - 8,808 Depreciation and amortization 153,030 151,983 606,568 609,613 Stock-based compensation expense 102,752 105,901 420,174 457,153 Asset impairment charge - 2,682 - 44,381 Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 88,414 4,460,837 Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 - 15,423 Restructuring charges, net 32,872 7,087 103,450 104,019 Other (expense) income, net (87,550 ) 9,023 (10,369,439 ) 75,782 (Provision) benefit for income taxes 52,340 (13,985 ) 4,038,102 (89,598 ) Earnings in equity interests (101,917 ) (92,845 ) (1,057,863 ) (383,571 ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 2,937 2,760 10,411 7,975 Adjusted EBITDA $ 409,222 $ 214,687 $ 1,361,548 $ 951,740 Reconciliation of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities to free cash flow: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 107,215 $ 132,290 $ 892,882 $ (2,359,954 ) Acquisition of property and equipment, net (67,880 ) (125,711 ) (372,147 ) (566,455 ) Dividends received from equity investees - - (83,685 ) (142,045 ) Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards 35,190 24,923 149,582 58,282 Free cash flow(2) $ 74,525 $ 31,502 $ 586,632 $ (3,010,172 ) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2015 2014 2015 Reconciliation of GAAP mobile revenue to gross mobile revenue: GAAP mobile revenue $ 253,755 $ 290,756 $ 767,998 $ 1,047,539 Revenue share with third parties 158,840 158,338 492,919 631,744 Gross mobile revenue $ 412,595 $ 449,094 $ 1,260,917 $ 1,679,283 Reconciliation of GAAP search revenue to gross search revenue: GAAP search revenue $ 467,321 $ 521,869 $ 1,792,861 $ 2,084,139 Revenue share with third parties 464,758 344,345 1,588,754 1,527,624 Gross search revenue $ 932,079 $ 866,214 $ 3,381,615 $ 3,611,763

(2) During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company satisfied the $3.3 billion income tax liability related to the sale of Alibaba Group ADSs in September 2014.

Yahoo! Inc. GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations (continued) (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended December 31, 2014 2015 GAAP income (loss) from operations $ 32,154 $ (4,530,034 ) (a) Restructuring charges, net 32,872 7,087 (b) Stock-based compensation expense 102,752 105,901 (c) Asset impairment charge - 2,682 (d) Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 (e) Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 (f) Advisory fees - 808 Non-GAAP income from operations $ 256,192 $ 62,704 GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. $ 166,344 $ (4,434,987 ) (a) Restructuring charges, net 32,872 7,087 (b) Stock-based compensation expense 102,752 105,901 (c) Gain on Hortonworks warrants (98,062 ) (42 ) (d) Asset impairment charge - 2,682 (e) Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 (f) Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 (g) Advisory fees - 808 (h) To adjust the provision for income taxes to reflect an effective tax rate of 35% for the three months ended December 31, 2015 and to exclude the tax impact of items (a) through (g) above for the three months ended December 31, 2014 1,124 (32,759 ) Non-GAAP net earnings $ 293,444 $ 124,950 GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share - diluted $ 0.17 $ (4.70 ) Non-GAAP net earnings per share - diluted $ 0.30 $ 0.13 Shares used in non-GAAP per share calculation - diluted 962,626 949,758 Year Ended December 31, 2014 2015 GAAP income (loss) from operations $ 142,942 $ (4,748,494 ) (a) Restructuring charges, net 103,450 104,019 (b) Stock-based compensation 420,174 457,153 (c) Advisory fees - 8,808 (d) Asset impairment charge - 44,381 (e) Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 (f) Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 Non-GAAP income from operations $ 754,980 $ 342,127 GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. $ 7,521,731 $ (4,359,082 ) (a) Restructuring charges, net 103,450 104,019 (b) Stock-based compensation 420,174 457,153 (c) Advisory fees - 8,808 (d) (Gain) loss on Hortonworks warrants (98,062 ) 19,199 (e) Asset impairment charge - 44,381 (f) Goodwill impairment charge 88,414 4,460,837 (g) Intangibles impairment charge - 15,423 (h) Gain related to sale of Alibaba Group ADSs (10,319,437 ) - (i) To adjust the provision for income taxes to reflect an effective tax rate of 35% in the year ended December 31, 2015 and to exclude the tax impact of items (a) through (h) above for the year ended December 31, 2014 3,903,951 (189,538 ) Non-GAAP net earnings $ 1,620,221 $ 561,200 GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Yahoo! Inc. common stockholders per share - diluted (1) $ 7.45 $ (4.64 ) Non-GAAP net earnings per share - diluted (5) $ 1.57 $ 0.59 Shares used in non-GAAP per share calculation - diluted 1,004,108 948,111 Earnings Whisper: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Fiserv, Inc. (FISV), Gilead Sciences ... All eyes will be on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) after today s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the web portal to post $1.19 billion in sales during the fourth-quarter. This would show a 3.25% decline from the Q315 revenue of $1.23 billion, and an increase of 0.85% from the same period in Q414. EPS in Q415 are expected to come in at $0.13, a decline rate of 56.67% from $0.30 per share a year earlier. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.14 per share.

As a quick reminder, Yahoo reported Q315 EPS of $0.15, $0.01 lower than the Street s consensus estimate. Revs increased 13.89% yoy to $1.23 billion versus the $1.26 billion consensus.

Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) is set to announce its Q415 earnings after the market close on Tuesday, February 2. Analysts expect the company to report earnings per share of $1.00 and revenue of $1.4 billion. That would be $0.03 lower the $1.03 per share posted last quarter and $0.11 higher the $0.89 posted in the Q414. Revenue is projected to be $80 million higher than the $1.32 billion posted in the same period a year earlier. EarningsWhisper.com expects the name to report a whisper number of $1.02 per share.

Gilead Sciences Inc. (GILD) is scheduled to release Q415 earnings after the close today. The Street is looking for EPS of $3.00 and revenue of $8.13 billion. Last quarter, the biopharmaceutical company posted a positive earnings surprise of 11.42%, reporting EPS of $3.22, $0.33 better than the Street s consensus estimate of $2.89. Revs increased 37.42% year-over-year to $8.3 billion versus the $6.04 billion reported.

EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $3.01 per share.

Illumina Inc. (ILMN) is scheduled to report Q415 results after the market close today. The Street has consensus estimates of $0.82 in earnings per share and $585.18 million in revenue. In the Q4 of the previous year, San Diego, California-based company posted $0.87 in EPS and $512 million in revenue. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.81 per share.

As a quick reminder, Illumina reported Q315 EPS of $0.80, $0.01 better than the Street s consensus estimate of $0.79. Revs increased 14.35% on a year-over-year basis to $550 million versus the $556.07 million consensus.

Qiagen NV (QGEN) is set to announce its Q415 earnings after the closing bell. Analysts expect the name to report EPS of $0.32 and revenue of $351.67 million. That would be $0.03 higher the $0.29 per share posted last quarter and $0.07 higher the $0.25 posted in the Q414. Revenue is projected to be $9.13 million lower than the $360.8 million posted in the same period a year earlier.

EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.32 per share. Tech Industry To See 330K Layoffs In 2016, Chowdhry Warns Global Equities Research s Managing Director Trip Chowdhry shared his view of the round of layoffs going on in the tech industry right now.

According to the note, layoffs in the industry are surging; over the next 12 months, the sector will see about 330,000 dismissals.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is laying of 15 percent of its workforce, or about 1,600 employees, while VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW) will make 900 employees redundant   about 5 percent of its staff.

 This is just a start,  the analyst stated. Over 2016, he expects to see 1,900 more employees fired at Yahoo   bringing the total to 3,500 layoffs this year.

Related Link: Chowdhry: Major Tech Layoffs Are Coming, Fed's Dudley Is 'Clueless' On Labor Market

The firm s reasons for the layoffs at Yahoo include:

A shift in users  behavior.

A lack of new successful product launches.

 Inherent efficiencies and productivity gains within the Internet industry, that makes people redundant fast. 

 Rapid obsolescence of existing employee skills. 

Massive Layoffs

Chowdhry then disclosed his reasons to believe that the tech sector alone will see more than 330,000 firings over the next year. These included:

 Technology shift to Cloud Native and Mobile Native applications 

 Improving IT Efficiency by Micro-services, On-Demand and Spot Pricing 

 Value Migration from Technology Integration to Domain Specific Expertise 

A shift in consumers  behavior.

Below is a list of how many employees Chowdhry believes will be fired at specific companies:

EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC): between 10,000 and 14,000 layoffs   or 15 to 20 percent of its workforce.

(NYSE: EMC): between 10,000 and 14,000 layoffs   or 15 to 20 percent of its workforce. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (NYSE: HPE): about 72,000   30 percent.

(NYSE: HPE): about 72,000   30 percent. HP Inc (NYSE: HPQ): roughly 86,000   30 percent.

(NYSE: HPQ): roughly 86,000   30 percent. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM): about 95,000   25 percent.

(NYSE: IBM): about 95,000   25 percent. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO): about 14,000   20 percent.

(NASDAQ: CSCO): about 14,000   20 percent. Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR): about 1,300  15 percent.

(NYSE: JNPR): about 1,300  15 percent. Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL): about 26,000   20 percent.

(NYSE: ORCL): about 26,000   20 percent. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT): about 18,000   15 percent ( Microsoft is letting go about 200 to 250 people every week, and none of these are ever announced")

(NASDAQ: MSFT): about 18,000   15 percent ( Microsoft is letting go about 200 to 250 people every week, and none of these are ever announced") NetApp Inc. (NASDAQ: NTAP): about 1,800   15 percent.

(NASDAQ: NTAP): about 1,800   15 percent. Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC): about 2,800   15 percent.

(NASDAQ: SYMC): about 2,800   15 percent. F5 Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: FFIV): about 450   10 percent.

(NASDAQ: FFIV): about 450   10 percent. Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP): about 1,000   30 percent.

Disclosure: Javier Hasse holds no positions in any of the securities mentioned above.

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Global Equities Research Trip ChowdhryAnalyst Color Long Ideas Previews Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Ex-Yahoo Employee Claims Ranking System Discriminates Ex-Yahoo Employee Claims Ranking System Discriminates

Law360, New York (February 1, 2016, 10:34 PM EST) -- A former Yahoo Inc. editor sued the Internet and search company in California federal court on Monday, challenging a performance review system that he claims is discriminatory and violates state and federal laws covering mass layoffs.



Gregory Anderson, who oversaw Yahoo's auto, homes, shopping, small business and travel sections in Sunnyvale, California, was fired in November 2014 after he scored low on Yahoo's quarterly performance review.



But he claims Yahoo's review system has been manipulated by executives and used to fire hundreds of employees without proper...

To view the full article, register now. Loser.com Now Points to Donald Trump's Wiki Page Immediately after it was announced that presidential candidate Ted Cruz, not presidential candidate Donald Trump, won Monday night s Republican Iowa state caucus primary, the razor sharp keeper of loser.com redirected his site to point to The Donald s Wikipedia page.

Seems fitting, according to Trump himself.

 No one remembers who came in second.  - Walter Hagen   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 30, 2013

Before Monday, punching loser.com into a browser would deliver Web surfers to Kanye West s Wikipedia page. The long and amusing history of the troll site can be read here.

Source: @woodruffbets

Via: @BuzzFeedAndrew

UPDATE: It turns out that loser.com was actually changed to redirect to Trump s Wikipedia last December. Before he was officially a loser.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! Google Cardboard's Social Media Buzz Skyrocketing; Yahoo's Tumblr Having Bad Time The latest data from TickerTags provides some insightful info on trends in social media and virtual reality. TickerTags monitors social media sites to identify trends by searching for words or phrases that are found together in social media content, such as tweets.

In the past 18 months, social media mentions of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) s social networking and microblogging site Tumblr are down a whopping 50 percent. In that same time, mentions of privately owned rival site Reddit are up 75 percent.

Related Link: Chipotle's E. Coli Disaster Was Qdoba's Gain, New Data Shows

When it comes to virtual reality, social media mentions of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) s Google Cardboard has exploded 800 percent in the past year and a half. Google Cardboard is a $20 device that converts Android phones into virtual reality headsets.

By the end of 2015, Cardboard social media mentions surpassed those of rival Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) s Oculus Rift device for the first time.

While neither of these companies rely on virtual reality for a significant portion of their profits, this trend could be an early indication that Google is emerging as the market leader in the lucrative field of virtual reality.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Cardboard google cardboard Oculus Rift RedditLong Ideas Tech Trading Ideas General

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo to cut 1700 workers as CEO tries to save her own job SAN FRANCISCO   Yahoo is laying off about 1,700 employees and shedding some of its excess baggage in a shake-up likely to determine whether CEO Marissa Mayer can save her own job.

The long-anticipated purge, announced Tuesday, will jettison about 15 percent of Yahoo s workforce along with an assortment of services that Mayer decided aren t worth the time and money that the Internet company has been putting into them.

Mayer hopes to sell some of Yahoo s unwanted services for about $1 billion, though she didn t identify which ones. In an apparent concession to some shareholders, Mayer also said Yahoo s board will mull  strategic alternatives  that could result in the sale of all the company s Internet operations. Analysts have speculated that Verizon, AT&T and Comcast might be interested in buying Yahoo s main business, despite years of deterioration.

Mayer expressed confidence that her plan to run Yahoo as a smaller, more focused company  will dramatically brighten our future and improve our competitiveness, and attractiveness to users, advertisers, and partners. 

This cost-cutting overhaul might be Mayer s last chance to persuade restless shareholders that she has figured out how to revive the Internet company s growth after three-and-half years of futility.

Some of Yahoo s most outspoken shareholders, such as SpringOwl Asset Management, already have concluded that Mayer should be laid off, too. Mayer, a former rising star at Google who helped Google eclipse Yahoo, has given no indication she intends to leave.

Even after the mass firings are completed by the end of March, Yahoo will still have about 9,000 workers   three times the roughly 3,000 people that SpringOwl believes the company should be employing, based on its steadily declining revenue.

 We would like to see a higher stock price, and we think Marissa and her current management team have become a hindrance to that,  said Eric Jackson, SpringOwl s managing director. He declined to disclose the size of SpringOwl s Yahoo investment.

Yahoo s stock dipped 25 cents to $28.81 in extended trading after details of Mayer s latest turnaround attempt came out.

Yahoo s revenue has been shrinking through most of Mayer s reign, even though she has spent more than $3 billion buying more than 40 companies, while bringing in new talent and developing mobile applications and other services designed to attract more traffic and advertisers.

The decline has persisted while advertisers have been steadily increasing their digital marketing efforts. Most of that money has been flowing to Google and Facebook   two companies once far smaller than the now 20-year-old Yahoo Inc. Yahoo! Inc to lay off about 1,700 workers in CEO Marissa Mayer's latest turnaround attempt - AP  
2016-07-20
Verizon (VZ) & AT&T (T) Submit Third-Round Bids for Yahoo  Yahoo! Inc. Lacks Judgment   Sell YHOO Stock! Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) might have just announced its second-quarter earnings, but there s nothing new to report about the overall state of things at the company. The business behind Yahoo stock is in shambles.

After close of market on Monday, Yahoo stock reported earnings of 9 cents a share on revenue of $1.3 billion vs. Wall Street s expectation of 10 cents a share on revenue of $1.08 billion.

In addition to beating Wall Street s expectation on revenues, Yahoo stock also beat the prior-year quarter revenue by 5.2%. However, as it failed to meet analysts  expectation as regards earnings, its 2016 second-quarter earnings of 9 cent also comes short of the 16 cents it reported for the second quarter of 2015.

Here are a couple of takeaways from the earnings.

Poor Management Taking Its Toll on YHOO Stock

The Yahoo earnings stated above are actually on a non-GAAP basis. On a GAAP basis, however, it reported a net loss of 46 cents.

If you look at its income statement, YHOO stated reported  Goodwill and intangibles impairment  of $482 million. That contributed the most to the reason it reported a GAAP loss, and the amount represents a write down of Tumblr.

This comes after Yahoo stock had written down Tumblr by $230 million in the first quarter.

The latest write-down means that about 68% of the value of the social media platform that Yahoo s management valued at $1.1 billion is gone. And this is because management was overly optimistic about what they thought Tumblr could yield for the company in terms of revenue, cash flow and market share.

Yahoo stock leadership expected that Tumblr would generate $100 million in revenue by the end of 2015. That was not the case.

YHOO CEO Marissa Mayer said during the earnings call that the board is deep in the process of deciding whether selling the Yahoo stock core business is the best for shareholders. And a recent report is suggesting that there are only five bidders left, indicating that a sale is a huge possibility.

If anything, the latest write down would have inherently reduced what the company would have been worth   regardless of how little.

Why Selling Yahoo Would Be Best for Shareholders

The operational discipline that has helped Yahoo stock reduce expenses so far this year doesn t make up for the fundamental issues that are haunting Yahoo.

First Yahoo stock has generated almost no net cash flow over the last five years. Second, despite an acquisition spree over the last five years, net revenue over the last five year is heading south.

The problem with Yahoo stock isn t that it doesn t have remarkable assets. The problem is that decision makers at the company differ on the direction the company should head. Here s proof.

SpringOwl, one of Yahoo s institutional investors, pointed out last year that,  Flurry people are great at analytics but don t understand how to monetize.  Flurry is a mobile analytics company YHOO stock acquired in 2014.

The same could be said for just about any of Yahoo s portfolio companies

With a sale, Yahoo could end up having decision makers that would agree on where the company should be.

Therefore investors in Yahoo stock should probably wait to see if Yahoo ends up selling its core business, which could mean for value for shareholders.

As of this writing, Craig Adeyanju did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace A New Partnership Between Apple And Yahoo!?  Yahoo's head of diversity and inclusion is woke Yahoo s first diversity report in 2014 was a wake-up call for Margenett Moore-Roberts. At the time, she was working heads-down as senior director of Yahoo s video advertising strategy and facilitating $50 million a year in revenue.

 I hadn t looked up until our diversity report was published,  Moore-Roberts tells me.  I was surprised, to say the least. I didn t expect to see significant numbers of blacks and Latinos. That sparked my interest in becoming more involved. 

Moore-Roberts had previously been involved with Yahoo s employee resource group for black employees, the Yahoo Black Network, but she wanted to take her involvement up several notches. Today, Moore-Roberts has woken up and is now Yahoo s global head of diversity and inclusion   a role she s been in for five months now.

So far, Moore-Roberts seems to get it. She understands the impacts of systemic racism in our society, and she s willing and able to check her own biases for the sake of the company as a whole. I d say she s woke. According to the highly reputable Urban Dictionary, woke means  being aware knowing what s going on in the community,  as it relates to racism and social injustice.

Unfortunately, Moore-Roberts  wokeness may not make its way into Yahoo as a whole. For one, Yahoo is 62% male, 37% female, 47% white, 43% Asian, 4% Hispanic and 2% black, according to the company s July 2015 diversity report. A lot has changed at the company since then   layoffs, most notably   so I m eager to see Yahoo s next diversity report, which the company  will absolutely release  this year, Moore-Roberts said. She also noted how it s important to keep the company accountable and transparent.

 We have to be honest,  she told me.  We have to keep it real. 

While Moore-Roberts does want to improve representation at Yahoo, she noted how it s somewhat pointless to increase the pipeline of underrepresented people coming into Yahoo if the company isn t also working to retain them.

 It s not a good use of energy if people are falling out of the bottom of the funnel,  Moore-Roberts.  It s hurtful to the cause and damns the initiative to have a leaky bucket. 

Secondly, diverse representation does not automatically equal a culture of inclusiveness, yet alone one of wokeness. That s why one of Moore-Roberts  goals is to take a deep dive into assessing the culture at Yahoo. In doing so, she s been doing a lot of listening and trying to figure out how to better help people understand the value of diversity   not only because it s the right thing to do, but because it s good for business. Over the next three months, Moore-Roberts is hoping to better understand where employees stand around issues of diversity and inclusion, and determine who  how do you activate and who do you activate,  she said. The next step is to work with the willing.

 Every one is at a different level,  Moore-Roberts said.  Other people, quite frankly, need to be convinced. 

This is a widespread problem. It s a problem at Intel, where employees have threatened the leadership team for the company s stance on diversity. It s also a problem at Facebook, where employees have crossed out  Black Lives Matter. 

In order for diversity and inclusion efforts to succeed, more than one person needs to be on board, and Moore-Roberts realizes that this is not all on her. Fortunately, she says she doesn t carry the whole weight of trying to fix this.

 As a black woman, I am very limited in what I can do, quite frankly, at a systemic level,  Moore-Roberts said.

At the same time, she recognizes that she   as does everyone else   has her own biases and baggage. She and tries to be cognizant of the potential effects those biases may have on prohibiting others to feel empowered.

At the end of the day, Moore-Roberts wants to help Yahoo tackle inclusive diversity the way it approaches other business operatives.

 The same way we went to figure out search and how to design the logo, the same level of importance and talent should be applied to [diversity],  she said. Amazon, Yahoo, and a Tech Earnings Season Primer NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

01:47 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-03-26
Microsoft meets with private equity over Yahoo deal Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella holds a speech to present the companies new cloud strategy for Germany in Berlin, November 11, 2015. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke

Healdsburg, CALIFORNIA Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) executives are in early talks with potential Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) investors about contributing to financing to buy the troubled Internet company, a person familiar with the situation said.

The talks are preliminary, the person added, and Microsoft is focused on preserving the relationship between the two companies. Microsoft and Yahoo have longstanding search and advertising agreements.

Private equity firms interested in Yahoo approached Microsoft, the person added. Microsoft declined to comment.

Yahoo is auctioning its core Internet business, which includes search, mail and news sites. The faded Internet pioneer has been struggling to keep up with Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc in the battle for online advertisers.

Verizon's Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said in December that the U.S. wireless carrier could look at buying Yahoo's core business if it was a good fit.

Activist hedge fund Starboard Value LP moved on Thursday to overthrow the entire board of Yahoo, including Chief Executive Marissa Mayer, who has struggled to turn the company around in her nearly four years at the helm.

Microsoft's interest in Yahoo comes nearly a decade after another approach. In 2008, then-CEO Steve Ballmer tried unsuccessfully to buy Yahoo for about $45 billion.

Website Re/code previously reported meetings between Microsoft and investors.

(Reporting Sarah McBride, editing by Peter Henderson and Hugh Lawson) 
2016-07-26
Yahoo leaves behind $30 billion 'company' that does nothing When Yahoo Inc. officially becomes a part of Verizon Communications Inc., as is expected after their deal announced Monday morning, it will leave behind a  company  with no workers and no product. Yet this entity, which doesn t even have a name yet, is worth more than six times the amount Verizon is paying for the internet portal that web users have known for decades.

The rest of Yahoo YHOO, +0.15% is made up of its Asian assets   a roughly 36% stake in Yahoo Japan and 16% equity stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.38%   as well as $7.1 billion in cash, a large portfolio of patents, certain minority investments and its convertible notes. Considering Yahoo s market cap at the close of trading Monday, after Verizon VZ, -0.61% said it would pay $4.8 billion for the core business, was more than $36 billion, Wall Street appears to value these assets at more than $30 billion.

Yahoo investors have been focused on this part of the business for years, and Yahoo s failure to spin them off without tax penalties was a factor in its decision to seek a buyer for the rest of the business amid an activist revolt. But once the business and the valuable separate assets are severed   Yahoo s deal with Verizon is expected to close in early 2017   the future of this zombie holding company is still hazy.

 There are significant tax and legal complexities involved in unwinding these investments, and the multistep process could take 12-18 months,  said Bob Peck, an analyst at SunTrust, in a note to clients on Monday, adding that many investors have asked what happens next.

Yahoo investors must continue to focus on the complexities of getting value from the Asian holdings, especially the hefty Alibaba stake. Mizuho Securities USA analyst Neil Doshi said Monday he values the Alibaba stake at $20 a share, with Yahoo Japan s assets at $6 a share and the cash position at roughly $7 a share.

There are many scenarios that lead to investors receiving the value from the shell that will remain once the Yahoo turtle heads off to Verizon. Peck said in his note that many investors have been counting on Alibaba purchasing the shares back, but he added that the timing is uncertain and that there still could be complicated tax implications for both companies. On a conference call Monday, a few analysts asked about dividend possibilities or stock buybacks as other options.

Thomas McInerney, a Yahoo director who was on the call, said the goal of company in the future is  to return substantially all the cash minus whatever is needed just to operate the business. 

Little else is known: Yahoo said Monday a new name, management team and other details are forthcoming. There will be no issuance of new shares after the deal closes, although it is feasible that Yahoo s shares may get a new Nasdaq trading symbol based on whatever name Yahoo gives the remaining company, Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said.

So even after a deal was finally reached, investors are still mostly in the dark with regards to the vast majority of Yahoo s assets. It has been a long, complicated road to this point, but there may still be many more miles to go. Yahoo's Last Hurrah  Tuesday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) and Yahoo! Inc ... U.S. stock futures are struggling to find direction again this morning, as Wall Street faced another data-filled session.

The Federal Reserve begins its two-day monetary policy meeting today, while Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), McDonald s Corporation (NYSE: MCD ) and Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT ) are just a few of the earnings reports on tap.

Finally, the May Case-Shiller home prices report and the July reports on Markit services PMI, consumer confidence index and new home sales are all slated for release.

Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are up 0.02%, S&P 500 futures have fallen 0.05% and Nasdaq-100 futures have added 0.05%.

Options activity backed off considerably on Monday, with only 11.5 million calls and 10.7 million puts crossing the tape. Puts gained a bit of momentum on the CBOE, as the single-session equity put/call volume ratio edged rose to a three-week high of 0.71. The 10-day moving average advanced again to 0.60, extending its rebound off Monday s multimonth low.

In equity option news, Apple options traders are gearing up for tonight s fiscal third-quarter earnings report, which will finally shed some light on iPhone sales and guidance. Meanwhile, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ) has struck a content sharing deal with Twenty-First Century Fox Inc ( FOXA ), while Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) is selling its core businesses to Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ).

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Apple will finally enter the earnings confessional after the close this evening, and options traders appear to be gearing up for a rally. Wall Street is expecting Apple earnings to fall 34% year-over-year to $1.39 per share on revenue of $42.09 billion   down 15.3% year-over-year. EarningsWhispers.com places the third-quarter whisper number at $1.43 per share for Apple.

Analysts  concerns about slipping iPhone sales appear to have had little effect on the options crowd, however, as speculative traders continue to pile into AAPL calls. On Monday, these typically bullish bets made up 63% of the roughly 1.3 million contracts traded on AAPL. That said, the weekly July 29 series put/call open interest ratio for AAPL has risen to a reading of 0.80, with most calls being added to back-month strikes.

Heading into the report, implieds on weekly July 29 series options are pricing in a potential post-earnings move of only about 4% for AAPL, which seems a bit low considering the impact strong guidance or a confirmation of flagging iPhone sales could have on the shares.

Netflix, Inc. (NFLX)

NFLX is in the midst of a bit of a post-earnings relief rally at the moment. The shares rallied more than 2% yesterday following news of a content sharing deal with Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. Netflix now has the rights to stream FX s The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story as well as the second season of American Crime Story.

Following the news, NFLX saw nearly 270,000 contracts change hands in the options pits, with calls snapping up 59% of the day s take   a stark reversal from the put-heavy activity that arrived in the wake of Netflix s poorly received quarterly earnings report. But Monday s call activity was just a drop in the bucket, as the August/September put/call OI ratio for NFLX of 0.98 continues to hover near bearish levels for the stock.

In premarket trading, NFLX is up another 3.6% as the relief rally appears poised to extend into another session.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Yahoo!, the former king of the internet, is dead. The company has agreed to sell its core businesses to Verizon Communications for $4.8 billion in cash   a far cry from the $44.6 billion Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) offered for all of Yahoo! in 2008. In response to the sale, YHOO stock dipped 2.69%, and is trending nearly 1% lower in premarket trading this morning.

Call volume dominated the options pits on Monday, accounting for a whopping 82% of the 261,000 contracts traded on YHOO yesterday.

That said, the majority of this options activity is likely related to arbitrage strategies ahead of the official sale date for Yahoo! s core businesses.

As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Yahoo's Demise Can Be Traced Back to This One Thing Where were you in 2000? Google had just raised its first round of funding the previous year after incorporating as a company 2 years prior. Facebook was not even a dream yet as Mark Zuckerberg was 16. A laptop cost the equivalent of $1,600 and came bundled with AOL.

Yahoo was the king of world with a market cap of $140 Billion. To be King at that time meant that everyone needed to work with you. Mark Cuban's company Broadcast.com was sold to Yahoo in 1999 for $5.7 Billion. Months earlier, Yahoo purchased Geocities for $4.6 Billion. What was Geocities? The 3rd most visited site on the Internet.

In 2000, I was EVP for Rand McNally and President of randmcnally.com. Five years after I co-founded MapQuest and Rand McNally was woefully behind with a simple brochure website with no mapping and no directions. For those old enough to remember, Rand McNally was the largest mapping company in the world in 2000. For those who do not remember Rand McNally, climb into the back seat of your fathers car and reach into the pouch attached to the driver's seat and reach in - you will find a beat up old US Road Atlas and a few poorly folded maps.

As I launched a mapping/directions site for Rand McNally (with the help of a few amazing people including the former tech team at MapQuest), we wondered how we could move even faster. We looked west to Yahoo.

As the most visited website at the time, Yahoo could help us drive an amazing amount of traffic. Their mapping was OK, nothing to write home about, and we still held the largest mapping brand of the day. Is there a way for us to work together? Can we find a win-win opportunity?

One fantastically written letter to Tim Koogle (Yahoo CEO), a follow up conference call between Tim, myself and our CEO, and then we were off to Sunnyvale for a meeting. The meeting went really well. Tim recognized the power of our brand as well as the amount of content we had (maps, atlases, points-of-interest with detailed descriptions, education products, and mileage data for truckers and transport). He got very excited about the possibilities. So he called in his lieutenants.

Herein lies the lesson about being the King.

However, in this case, this is not about Tim. It's about his staff. When you are the King of companies, it is easy to get caught up in the perception of your strength and power. Everyone is coming to you. You are the King. The Yahoo staff operated as mini-King's of their kingdom. Tim understood that Yahoo had to work with others - his staff felt differently. They would determine make vs. buy decisions and as they were all mini-Kings in charge of their mini-kingdoms, they would choose to make, as that is how kingdoms are maintained.

At that meeting and the one follow up meeting, we had 3 or 4 major initiatives in discussion. Not one ever got off the ground.

When I look back on that experience, I wonder how many other deals fell by the wayside due to the arrogance on the mini-kings. I remember how the leader was strong but the execution was weak. I remember that you must guard against the media hype that anoints you brilliant but has little basis in fact. I remember that you must not let your lead position cloud your view. I remember not to forget what got you there in the first place.

Yahoo circa 2000 is when I saw the first crack and 16 years later it finally played out in all of the lost opportunities. Seven West Media Release Statement On Verizon's Acquisition Of Yahoo  Seven West Media Limited ( Seven West Media ) acknowledges today s announcements from Yahoo, Inc concerning its proposed transaction with Verizon Communications, Inc.

The Yahoo7 joint venture is a long standing and very successful one between the parties. It is characterised by specialties that each side brings to the business, including Seven s leading created and acquired premium content supported by powerful promotion from Seven and other media assets in the Seven West Media portfolio. This is combined with technology and platform from Yahoo, Inc.

Once the change of control is close to being effectuated with the completion of the proposed transaction (estimated Q1 2017), Seven West Media has various options under the Yahoo7 joint venture agreement and documentation.

Seven West Media will have an opportunity, in the period between being formally notified of a transaction and final completion, to consider which options it selects or a combination as may be negotiated with the new owners of Yahoo, Inc that creates the most value for Seven West Media shareholders.

Until completion of any change of control of Yahoo, Inc, which Seven West Media understands may take six to nine months in the nature of large and complex transactions, it is business as usual at Yahoo7 here in Australia and New Zealand.

Beyond the joint venture, Seven West Media has dramatically expanded its digital products, audience and investments and now leads the Australian market in the creation and distribution of digital premium video content beyond broadcast television.

Seven West Media also operates and creates unique content for social, ecommerce and mobile platforms.

This includes its premium  7Tennis  product for the Australian Open Series. Next week, it will launch the new  Olympics on 7  app for the Rio Olympic Games. The Seven Network live streams all programmes and channels. Beyond these moves, its rapidly growing digital publishing consumer brands are now all housed digitally within Pacific.

Seven West Media looks forward to discussing with Verizon Communications, the company s future plans for Yahoo, Inc in Australia and any impact these may have on Yahoo7 in Australia and New Zealand. Seven West Media has a number of positive options that will define its future development and success in digital media, building on its already highly successful development over the past few years.

Seven West Media will update the market when it makes relevant decisions concerning this matter.  Why Yahoo Lost And Google Won Many of the Yahoo obituaries published over the last couple of days have contrasted its demise with the flourishing of Google, another Web pioneer. Why was Google s attempt to  organize all the world s information  vastly more successful than Yahoo s? The short answer: Because Google did not organize the world s information. Google got the true spirit of the Web, as it was invented by Tim Berners-Lee.

In his book Weaving the Web, Tim Berners-Lee writes:

I was excited about escaping from the straightjacket of hierarchical documentation systems . By being able to reference everything with equal ease, the web could also represent associations between things that might seem unrelated but for some reason did actually share a relationship. This is something the brain can do easily, spontaneously.   The research community has used links between paper documents for ages: Tables of content, indexes, bibliographies and reference sections  On the Web  scientists could escape from the sequential organization of each paper and bibliography, to pick and choose a path of references that served their own interest.

With this one imaginative leap, Berners-Lee moved beyond a major stumbling block for all previous information retrieval systems: The pre-defined classification system at their core. This insight was so counter-intuitive that even during the early years of the Web, attempts were made to do just that: To classify (and organize in pre-defined taxonomies) all the information on the Web.

Google s founders were the first to seize on Berners-Lee s insight and build their information retrieval business on tracking closely cross-references (i.e., links between pages) as they were happening and correlate relevance with quantity of cross-references (i.e., popularity of pages as judged by how many other pages linked to them). This was what set Google apart from its competitors, including Yahoo. Having a so-called  first-mover advantage  (yet another example that there are no universal  business laws ), Yahoo worked hard and employed many people in organizing in a neat taxonomy the rapidly-growing content of the Web. It even had a Chief Ontologist on staff.

Danny Sullivan in 2010:

Google s ranking system gave you the best of both worlds. Yahoo was a card-catalog of the web, letting you effectively search for the right  books  based on what they were titled. Google s system let you search through all the pages of all the books in the entire library. It was far more comprehensive, plus it still managed to get good stuff to the top of the list.

Berners-Lee s insight is frequently linked to Vannevar Bush who wrote in 1945,  Our ineptitude at getting at the record is largely caused by the artificiality of systems of indexing  Selection [i.e., information retrieval] by association, rather than by indexing may yet be mechanized.  But I prefer to start the history of the Web (and organizing information) with what was, to my knowledge, the earliest use of cross-references.

This was Ephraim Chambers  Cyclopaedia, published in London in 1728. While lacking the worldwide platform for  crowd-sourcing  references that Berners-Lee invented, Chambers shared with him (and Bush) a dislike for hierarchical, alphabetical, indexing systems. Here s how Chambers explained in the Preface his innovative system of cross-references:

Former lexicographers have not attempted anything like Structure in their Works; nor seem to have been aware that a dictionary was in some measure capable of the Advantages of a continued Discourse. Accordingly, we see nothing like a Whole in what they have done . This we endeavoured to attain, by considering the several Matters [i.e., topics] not only absolutely and independently, as to what they are in themselves; but also relatively, or as they respect each other. They are both treated as so many Wholes, and so many Parts of some greater Whole; their Connexion with which is pointed out by a Reference. So that by a Course of References, from Generals to Particulars; from Premises to Conclusions; from a Cause to Effect; and vice versa, i.e., in one word, from more to less complex, and from less to more: A Communication is opened between the several parts of the Work; and the several Articles are in some measure replaced in their natural Order of Science, out of which the Technical or Alphabetical one had remov d them.

Chambers  Cyclopaedia was the earliest attempt to link by association all the articles in an Encyclopedia or, in more general terms, of everything we know at a given point in time. And like the World Wide Web, it moved some people to voice their concern about what Google is doing to our brains. The supplement to the 1758 edition of the Cyclopaedia says:

Some few however condemn the use of all such dictionaries, on the first pretence, that, by lessening the difficulties of attaining knowledge, they abate our diligence in the pursuit of it; and by dazzling our eyes with superficial shew, seduce us from digging solid riches in the mine itself.

The fear of what tools for organizing information could do to our thinking (and livelihood) was renewed many-fold with the advent of modern computers.  They can t build a machine to do our job; there are too many cross-references in this place,  says the head librarian (Katharine Hepburn) to her anxious colleagues in the research department when a  methods engineer  (Spencer Tracy) is hired to  improve workman-hour relationship  in a large corporation. By the end of the film, Desk Set (released in 1957), she proves her point by winning, not only the engineer s heart, but also a contest with the ominous looking  Electronic Brain  (aka Computer).

Automation replacing librarians and their card catalogues has been at the heart of Google s success and obsession with  scale  (and  at scale  has become an obsession for Silicon Valley). But this automation has led to augmentation, to supporting our thinking by creating a new way to organize the world s information, one that is more in line with our thought process and more in line with the impossible-to-catalogue current volume of (valuable and useless) information. As Vannevar Bush wrote:

The human mind  operates by association. With one item in its grasp, it snaps instantly to the next that is suggested by the association of thoughts, in accordance with some intricate web of trails carried by the cells of the brain   One cannot hope to equal the speed and flexibility with which the mind follows an associative trail, but it should be possible to beat the mind decisively in regard to the permanence and clarity of the items resurrected from storage.

Follow me on Twitter @GilPress or Facebook or Google+ After the sale, what happens to Yahoo's leftovers? When Verizon announced Monday it was snapping up Yahoo for a cool $4.83 billion, the sale was hailed as the death knell for the early internet, but it also raised questions about the future of some of its properties in the Asia Pacific.

The purchase hands Verizon Yahoo's core business, but does not include its minority equity interests in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, a collection of patents and some cash. (As a side note, the patent collection is called Excalibur, which, OK.) These holdings will be left behind as part of a renamed publicly traded investment company, for now being referred to as "RemainCo."

While its 15 percent stake in Alibaba is held up as the most valuable remaining property of the company formerly known as Yahoo, RemainCo also has a hand in Yahoo Japan, of which it has a 35.5 percent stake, and an Australian joint venture called Yahoo7.

The Yahoo-Verizon sale won't officially go through for many months, so "RemainCo's" surviving properties will be ones to watch.

Next up for Yahoo Japan

Created in 1996, Yahoo Japan was founded as a joint venture between Yahoo and the Japanese company SoftBank, best known for its friendly robots, to provide a portal for internet search.

It has since branched out into news and technology, including a joint venture with BuzzFeed to found the BuzzFeed Japan Corporation in 2015.

Given Softbank holds the greater stake, it could be a potential buyer for Yahoo Japan if "RemainCo" wants out. Softbank has been approached for comment.

For now, Yahoo's core business (the part that was sold) is not talking about a sale but not denying one could take place. According to a Yahoo spokesperson, the company is focused on "maximizing the value" of its Yahoo Japan assets as well as its Alibaba holdings.

"Work has been underway for some time to separate Yahoo Inc.'s operating business from its Asia equity stakes," she said. "The plan for these stakes is subject to the review and approval of our Board."

Jack Ma, chairman of Alibaba Group, delivers a speech during the 2016 Investor Day at Alibaba headquarters on June 14, 2016 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province of China. Image: VCG via Getty Images

The future of Yahoo7

In Australia, Yahoo and Seven West Media have a media joint venture called Yahoo7, which launched in 2006. For the moment, all parties are remaining tightlipped about the sale's implications.

Until the transaction is completed, presumably in early 2017, it is "business as usual" for the venture, Seven West Media said in a statement.

The company will be considering the various options it is permitted under the Yahoo7 joint venture agreement, however, and looking to extract the most value for shareholders.

"Seven West Media will have an opportunity ... to consider which options it selects or a combination as may be negotiated with the new owners of Yahoo, Inc," it added.

"Seven West Media looks forward to discussing with Verizon Communications, the company's future plans for Yahoo, Inc in Australia and any impact these may have on Yahoo7 in Australia and New Zealand."

But what about those Alibaba shares?

Yahoo's Alibaba stake, worth around $32 billion, has long been regarded as one of its most valuable assets.

Yahoo first acquired a 40 percent stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant in 2005 for about $1 billion. Alibaba then clawed back half of that in 2012. Currently, Yahoo owns 15 percent of Alibaba.

"The transaction will establish a balanced ownership structure that enables Alibaba to take our business to the next level as a public company in the future," Alibaba CEO Jack Ma said at the time.

As Mashable has noted, those Alibaba shares became a millstone as investors expected to see some return from the investment. After an attempt to spin off the Alibaba holding failed in 2015, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer was ostensibly forced to choose between selling the shares, accompanied by a huge tax bill, or getting rid of the company's core internet business. Clearly, the latter won out.

Now all eyes are on what happens to that valuable Alibaba stake. In a scenario floated by Matt Levine at Bloomberg in late 2015, once Yahoo's core business was sold, it could also sell off Yahoo Japan and then hand the rest back to Alibaba, which could then retire the returned shares.

Alibaba declined to comment.

Yahoo's life as an independent company may be over, but the rest of "RemainCo" won't be out of the headlines for long. The identity crisis that led to Yahoo's demise A Yahoo logo is seen on top of the building where they have offices in New York City, U.S., July 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

By Jonathan Weber and Jeffrey Dastin

SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When senior Yahoo executives gathered at a San Jose hotel for a management retreat in the spring of 2006, there was no outward sign of a company in crisis.

The internet pioneer, not yet a teenager, had just finished the prior year with $1.9 billion in profits on $5.3 billion in revenue. The tough days of the dot-com bust were a distant memory, and Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O), flush with lucrative advertising deals from the world's biggest brands, was enjoying its run as one of the top dogs in the world's hottest industry.

But for one retreat exercise, everyone was asked to say what word came to mind when a company name was mentioned. They went through the list: eBay: auctions. Google: search. Intel: microprocessors. Microsoft: Windows.

Then they were asked to write down their answer for Yahoo.

"It was all over the map," recalled Brad Garlinghouse, then a Yahoo senior vice president and now COO of payment settlement start-up Ripple Labs. "Some people said mail. Some people said news. Some people said search."

While some executives said this was a useful management exercise that took place multiple times over the years, it proved an ominous portent of the business troubles to come.

Indeed, the demise of Yahoo, which culminated in an agreement this week to sell the company's core assets to Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), has been more than a decade in the making. Many of the more than two dozen former Yahoo managers interviewed by Reuters over the past two weeks -- who now occupy executives suites elsewhere in Silicon Valley -- agree that the company's downfall can be traced to choices made by both the executive leadership and the board of directors during the company's heyday in the mid-2000s.

Some of the missed opportunities are obvious: a failed bid to buy Facebook Inc (FB.O) for $1 billion in 2006. A 2002 dalliance with Google (GOOGL.O) similarly came to naught. A chance to acquire YouTube came and went. Skype was snapped up by eBay Inc (EBAY.O). And Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) nearly $45 billion takeover bid for all of Yahoo in 2008 was blocked by Yahoo's leadership.

Just as damaging as the missed deals, though, was a company culture that ultimately became too bureaucratic and too focused on traditional brand advertising to prosper in a fast-moving tech business, according to some of the former Yahoo managers Reuters spoke with.

"It became very difficult to get both investment and alignment" around new product initiatives, said Greg Cohn, a former senior product director at Yahoo and now CEO of the mobile phone app company Burner. "If you built a new product and the home page didn't want to feature it, you were hosed."

Worst of all, once Alphabet Inc's Google had displaced it as peoples' first stop for finding something on the internet, Yahoo was never able to decide on exactly what it wanted to be.

Yahoo today has more than 1 billion users and has focused on mobile under chief executive Marissa Mayer, who told Reuters in an interview Monday that she still saw a "path to growth" for Yahoo, which the Verizon merger accelerated.

Yahoo will continue to operate as a holding company for its large stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, which are worth far more than the core business.

Yahoo declined to comment for this story.





THE PURPLE CARPET

The appointment of Terry Semel, who had completed a highly successful run as chairman of the Warner Bros. movie studio, as CEO in 2001 seemed to answer a question that bedeviled many early internet firms: was it a tech company, or a media company?

Semel could not be reached for comment on his Yahoo tenure. But the focus on media proved lucrative in the short term as big advertisers, desperate to get on board with the next big thing, flocked to one of the largest properties on the web. Revenue soared from $717 million in 2001 to nearly $7 billion by 2007.

Indeed, Semel and the media executives he brought in by all accounts turned a scrappy young internet startup into a highly profitable company that brought old-line advertising to a new medium.

"From our perspective, we were a media company," said Dan Rosensweig, Yahoo's COO from 2002 to 2007 and now CEO of online education company Chegg Inc (CHGG.N). "It didn t feel at the time that there was a strong likelihood we would beat Google at search... Nobody could argue that we weren t the largest front page on the internet."

Read More 
2016-06-25
Harvard Professor Hal Scott Questions Usefulness Of 'Stress Testing' Banks  
2016-04-20
Verizon High Bidder For Yahoo! M&A Daily

Welcome to the Tepid buyers meet tepid seller issue

Yahoo!

Bids for Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) ranging from four to eight billion dollars were submitted by Verizon (NYSE:VZ), TPG, and a private group of investors. Bankers involved in the process appear to be throwing around names of potential bidders with abandon - both the Daily Mail & General Trust (OTCPK:DMTGY) and Rakuten (OTCPK:RKUNY) have found it necessary to disavow reports that they have submitted bids.

It is hard to compare first round bids as they were for different combinations of assets at different prices, but as of today, the effort to combine Yahoo! with Verizon's AOL appears to be the one to beat. The bids are weak, the process is weak, and the business is weak. Had Yahoo! not made its investment in Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), which makes up most of its value today, it would be as forgotten as fellow '90s search engines AltaVista and Lycos. Signs point to the necessity of Starboard's Jeff Smith resurrecting this process in order to maximize shareholder value.

Lexmark

Apex Technology is buying Lexmark (NYSE:LXK) in a $3.6 billion cash deal. LXK holders get $40.50 per share. Goldman (NYSE:GS) helped the target with the deal.

ITC

Fortis (OTCPK:FRTSF) reached a definitive agreement with GIC to acquire a 19.9% equity interest in ITC (ITC) for $1.228 billion in cash.

Northern Tier

The second S-4 amendment has been filed by Western (NYSE:WNR) for its acquisition of Northern Tier (NYSE:NTI). The Northern Tier shareholder vote is on June 23. The $0.60 net arbitrage spread offers a 13% IRR if the deal closes midyear.

EMC

EMC (EMC) continues to progress on its acquisition by Dell. EMC expects the deal to be able to close on the original terms and within the original timeframe.

Syngenta

Syngenta (NYSE:SYT) management expects its acquisition by China National Chemical to close by year-end. If they are right, then the $11.81 net arbitrage spread offers a 20% IRR.

$20

While the Republicans have been having a rough year, at least they appear to be picking up the $20, with Democrat Andrew Jackson being replaced by Republican Harriet Tubman.

Interval Leisure

The Interval Leisure (IILG) shareholder vote is today for its acquisition of Vistana, which is being sold by Starwood (HOT). More to come in future editions of M&A Daily 

Elsewhere on Seeking Alpha

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO, LXK, EMC, SYT, HOT.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Chris DeMuth Jr and Andrew Walker are portfolio managers at Rangeley Capital. We invest with a margin of safety by buying securities at discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. To maximize returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any security without notification except where notification is required by law. We manage diversified portfolios with a multi-year time horizon. Positions disclosed in articles may vary in sizing, hedges, and place within the capital structure. Disclosed ideas are related to a specific price, value, and time. If any of these attributes change, then the position might change (and probably will).

Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Price Target Changed: Yahoo (YHOO), Facebook (FB), VMware (VMW), Visa Inc. (V) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) was reiterated a  Buy  by MKM Partners analysts on Wednesday. The broker also raised its price target on the stock to $44 from $43. The name was also raised to $39 from $34 at Nomura and to $40 from $31 at Piper Jeffraey.

Shares of the $35.90 billion market cap struggling web portal are down 18.65% year-over-year ; up 9.23% year-to-date.

Yahoo! Inc., currently with a median Street price target of $38.00 and a high target of $51.00, rose $1.59 to $37.92 in recent trading.

 

Facebook, Inc. (FB) was reiterated as  Outperform  with $137 from $125 price target on Wednesday by Raymond James.

Facebook has gained $0.12 to $112.41 in midday trading today. The name currently prints a one year return of 35.14% and a year-to-date return of 7.29%.

FB earnings are scheduled for next week, April 27.

 

VMware, Inc. (VMW) rating of  Buy  was reiterated today at Drexel Hamilton with a price target increase of $77 from $71 (versus a $51.46 previous close). The name was also raised to $55 from $52 at BMO Capital Markets.

VMware Inc. recently traded at $58.89, a gain of $7.43 over Tuesday s closing price. The name has a current market capitalization of $24.95 billion.

 

Shares of Visa Inc. (V) are up $0.58 at $81.33 in midday trading. Sun Trust Rbsn Humphrey this morning raised its price target on the shares to $100 from $85, and reiterated a  Buy  rating.

Visa recently traded at $81.47, a gain of $0.72 over Tuesday s closing price. The name has a current market value of $195.65 billion.

As for passive income investors, the company pays shareholders $0.56 per share annually in dividends, yielding 0.70%. Five year average dividend yield currently stands at 0.67%. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ): What's The Deal? Published By: Ken Bock on April 20, 2016 03:16 pm EST

Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) has shown mounting interest in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). It has already prepared for the second stage of bidding for Yahoo s core assets. If Verizon s bid to acquire Yahoo materializes, this will translate into a sudden boost for Verizon in a relatively short period of time.

For the last couple of years, Verizon has shown a keen interest in internet oriented companies. In 2015, the company bought AOL for $4.4 billion. Every year, it is growing in size when it comes to its orientation towards the growing internet sector.

One of the main reasons why Verizon seems interested in the Yahoo deal is because of its keen interest in the Ad and Content division of the company. This strategy has been at the core of its acquisition of AOL as well   to sell ads. Acquiring Yahoo will be a step further in that direction.

In addition, this deal will help Verizon to enhance its video reinvention strategy as the acquisition will provide the company a digital platform it needs.

Verizon will benefit from not just the established content and revenue, but also the user data. User data will enable the company to serve two way ads, including others and its own. Daily Mail says may partner to bid for Yahoo The parent of Britain's Daily Mail said on Wednesday it had not submitted its own bid to buy Yahoo Inc's core Internet business, but was still in talks to partner with other suitors of the U.S. company.

Yahoo, which has been struggling with falling ad revenue for years, has sped up the process to sell its media, email and other web businesses, bowing to pressure from activist shareholder Starboard Value LP and others.

Shares of Yahoo rose as much as 5 percent on Wednesday, as investors digested the company's slightly better-than-expected quarterly results late on Tuesday and CEO Marissa Mayer's reassurances that she was focused on the sale.

Yahoo's advisers are working through offers to put together a short list, and Verizon Communications Inc was set to advance to the second stage of bidding for the internet company's core assets, Reuters reported, citing sources.

Daily Mail & General Trust Plc said last week it was in talks with potential partners to mount a joint bid for Yahoo's internet assets.

Buying Yahoo's core assets - which include a search engine and email, news and sports services - would boost Daily Mail's online reach and digital ad revenue from its globally popular websites, and partly offset shrinking print revenue.

Private-equity firms Apax Partners LLP, TPG Capital LP, Bain Capital LLC, Apollo Global Management LLC and Warburg Pincus LLC have also submitted first-round bids, according to sources.

As well, the auction has attracted interest from Japanese online retailer Rakuten Inc and Yellow Pages owner YP LLC, which is backed by AT&T Corp.

While investors seemed pacified by Yahoo's results and the progress on the sale, analysts said the company management's failure to address key questions about the bidding process had added a level of uncertainty.

"We were hoping that (Mayer) would provide more color on what was for sale ... and timing around the process," Neil Doshi, an analyst at Mizuho Securities USA said in a note.

"Too little, too late" was how Barclays analyst Paul Vogel characterized Yahoo's renewed focus on mobile and video search initiatives.

However, Barclays, Mizuho and at least 9 other brokerages raised their price targets on Yahoo's stock, mostly based on the change in the value of Yahoo's Asian assets.

Oppenheimer was the most bullish, raising its target to $49 from $40. The median price target on the stock is $40.

(Reporting by Rishika Sadam, Esha Vaish and Fareha Khan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Sayantani Ghosh) Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: ArcelorMittal, Boeing, Intel ... Stocks were indicated higher yet again on Wednesday, with the Dow over 18,000 and the S&P 500 back at 2,100. The memories of all the selling pressure during the first six weeks of 2016 are fading into earnings season, and investors have clearly reverted back to the trend of buying pullbacks that prevailed from 2011 to 2015.

24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each morning of the week to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others cover stocks to sell or avoid.

These are top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Wednesday morning:

ArcelorMittal (NYSE: MT) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was raised to $7.00 from $4.50 (versus a $5.87 prior close) at Jefferies. It was downgraded at JPMorgan on Monday (to Underweight from Neutral), after two upgrades last week: Goldman Sachs up to Buy and Credit Suisse up to Outperform. ArcelorMittal has a 52-week trading range of $2.93 to $11.95.

Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) has been downgraded from an unenthusiastic Neutral rating to Underperform, the equivalent of Sell rating, at Merrill Lynch. Its price objective is only $125. This downgrade is based on a serious issue with the 787 Dreamliner forecasts. Boeing s own view is that the 787 Dreamliner will generate $29 billion in cash by 2022, but Merrill Lynch now expects only $14 billion to be generated, and it sees Boeing taking a charge on the 787 program or extending the block size as the $30 million profit per plane on average was called unachievable. The consensus price target is $137.95, and the 52-week range is $102.10 to $153.00.



(NASDAQ: INTC) may have posted earnings and announced layoffs, but there is a mixed review from analysts. Intel was reiterated as Buy at Jefferies, but the firm raised its price target to $42 from $39, based on better margins and its reorganization. S&P Capital IQ reiterated its Buy rating and said that Intel is executing well with its plans to migrate away from a PC-oriented company. Merrill Lynch reiterated its Buy rating and $36 price objective, noting that Intel could have an upside case of $40 to $45, based on $3.00 in EPS potential. Intel has traded in a $24.87 to $35.59 range over the past 52 weeks.

Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) was reiterated as Buy and the price target was raised to $130 from $116 (versus a $112.68 close) at Argus. The call is based on further upside expectations after strong first-quarter results and an upbeat outlook for 2016. Note that the highest official analyst price target in the Thomson First Call universe was only $123.

Schlumberger Ltd. (NYSE: SLB) was raised to Overweight from Equal Weight and the price target was raised to $93 from $83 (versus a $79.64 close) at Barclays. The stock closed up 2.8% the prior day, and the consensus price target of $84.28 compares to a 52-week range of $59.60 to $95.13.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) was reiterated as Buy at Jefferies after earnings, with the firm raising its price target to $43 from $40. Merrill Lynch reiterated its Buy rating and raised its price objective to $48 from $46 on recent Yahoo! Japan appreciation, and the firm only sees downside to $36 based on the current Alibaba stock price. Oppenheimer reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its target to $49 from $40. The 52-week range is $26.15 to $45.10.

Vivint Solar Inc. (NYSE: VSLR) was resumed in coverage at Merrill Lynch with a $2 price objective (versus a $3.01 close). This is based on its cost, growth and financing concerns and also on 10-times EBITDA and 12% cash flow yield. Vivint Solar has a 52-week trading range of $2.32 to $16.00.

You can follow @Jonogg to get the daily analyst calls and market reports directly on your Twitter feed.

Other key analyst upgrades and downgrades were seen in the following: US Stocks Edge Higher, S&P 500 at Four-Month High as Oil Rises U.S. stocks edged higher as an oil rally lifted energy producers, with the Standard & Poor s 500 Index holding at a four-month high amid a slate of corporate earnings that gave investors little clear direction.

An afternoon rally stumbled in the final hour of trading to leave equities little changed, wiping out much of the gains sparked by a rebound in crude. Oil jumped after Iraq s oil minister said major OPEC and other oil producers will meet possibly next month in a new push to freeze output. Meanwhile, a better-than-forecast profit from Discover Financial Services helped offset underwhelming results at Coca-Cola Co.

The S&P 500 gained 0.1 percent to 2,102.40 at 4 p.m. in New York, after rising as much as 0.5 percent and briefly touching the highest level since July. The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 42.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,096.27, trimming a 114-point climb. The gauge held at a nine-month high. The Nasdaq Composite Index increased 0.2 percent. About 7.5 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 7.4 percent below the three-month average.

 There s been no bearish catalyst that s surfaced to really knock things down and earnings are spilling in and going as expected,  said Nick Kalivas, senior equity product strategist at Invesco PowerShares in Downers Grove, Illinois, which has about $100 billion in its funds.  We re now a couple of heartbeats off the all-time high and that s creating performance anxiety among fund managers, causing people to think the picture s not as glum. It s keeping an underlying bid in the market. 

Discover shares had the biggest jump since 2011 amid gains in credit-card spending. UnitedHealth Group Inc. rose more than 2.1 percent for a second day after its plans to exit Obamacare in 16 states to curb losses. Coke fell the most since August with earnings mostly in line with expectations, disappointing investors expecting a stronger turnaround for the beverage maker. Boeing Co. sank 1.6 percent after Bank of America Corp. downgraded the stock.

The S&P 500 has rallied 15 percent since reaching a 22-month low in February and is up 2.9 percent for the year, bolstered by a recovery in oil prices, signs of stabilization in China s slowdown and optimism central bankers will continue efforts to support growth. The gauge is also 1.3 percent away from a record reached last May.

Still, the gains in equities have come as earnings are forecast to slide at the steepest pace since the financial crisis. Analysts project first-quarter profits shrank 9.5 percent at S&P 500 firms, compared with estimates for flat earnings growth at the start of the year. Microsoft Corp., General Motors Co. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. are among 36 companies in the index scheduled to report on Thursday.

Data Watch

As policy makers and investors scrutinize data to judge the strength of the U.S. economy and the outlook for interest rates, a report this morning showed purchases of previously owned homes rose more than projected in March, indicating resilience in demand heading into the spring selling season. Traders are pricing in no chance the Federal Reserve will raise rates at its meeting next week, with December now the first month with at least even odds for a boost.

In Wednesday s trading, the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index rose 0.3 percent to 13.28, snapping its longest streak of declines in almost two months. The measure of market turbulence known as the VIX is holding near the lowest level since August. A Goldman Sachs gauge of the most shorted stocks had the biggest climb in a week amid its longest stretch of gains since March 7.

Energy producers in the S&P 500 pushed a three-day advance to 4.3 percent as crude rallied for a second day. The group shook off a morning drop as Chevron Corp. increased 1.2 percent, while Schlumberger Ltd. and Devon Energy Corp. gained more than 1.8 percent. West Texas Intermediate crude futures rose 3.8 percent, wiping out a 3 percent retreat to close above $42 a barrel.

Banks Rally

Discover Financial surged 8.2 percent to a four-month high to lead the benchmark s financial group. Competitor American Express Co. added 2.3 percent to a three-month high before its earnings report. Banks in the S&P 500 rose for a third day, trimming 2016 losses to less than 6.5 percent from as much as 23 percent. Bank of America climbed 3.3 percent, rising for the eighth time in nine days and adding 16 percent during that span. The stock is still down about 11 percent this year.

U.S. Bancorp. gained 2 percent, even as the nation s largest regional lender said profit dropped 3.1 percent in the first quarter as provisions for bad loans surged 25 percent, driven by a jump in downgrades on energy-related credits.

Yahoo! Inc. increased 4.2 percent to the highest since July, buoying the technology group, after Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer said the company is moving swiftly to consider offers to buy its Web operations. First-quarter revenue also exceeded analysts  estimates. Intel Corp. climbed 1.3 percent as the semiconductor company plans to cut 12,000 jobs and shift focus to higher-growth areas, such as chips for data center machines and Internet-connected devices.

Also within chipmakers, Linear Technology Corp. rallied 4 percent after its quarterly sales outpaced estimates, while its outlook for the current quarter also beat some forecasts. Broadcom Ltd. and Texas Instruments Inc. advanced at least 1.1 percent.

Coke Drags

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Coca-Cola was the strongest drag today on the S&P 500, with consumer staples joining utilities as the biggest losers among the S&P 500 s 10 main industries. Coke slid 4.8 percent to cut its year-to-date gain by more than half. The shares had reached an all-time high two weeks ago. Hershey Co. lost 3.1 percent after Bank of America downgraded the shares to the equivalent of sell, citing in part sluggish U.S. chocolate sales. Procter & Gamble Co. slid 2.1 percent, the steepest drop since Feb. 11.

Utilities tumbled 2.4 percent to a one-month low, relinquishing the mantle as the S&P 500 s top-performing group this year to phone companies. NextEra Energy Inc. and Dominion Resources Inc. dropped more than 2.1 percent.

Among other companies moving on corporate news, Lexmark International Inc. added 9.4 percent after the printer maker accepted a $3.6 billion takeover offer from a group headed by China s Apex Technology. 
2016-08-16
World Health Energy Holdings Inc. Announces Appointment of Mr. Regis Nebor ... NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Aug 16, 2016) - World Health Energy Holdings ( OTC PINK : WHEN), a diversified energy, health and financial software company www.worldhealthenergy.com, is reshaping its management Team with the appointment of Mr. Regis Nebor, previously part of CostraFX and former Yahoo Inc. consultant, as V.P. Team Leader of Software development.

Regis Nebor is an Entrepreneur with an IT Background who caters to automation in the financial world. He co-founded Costra Enterprises Ltd. in a quest to introduce and conquer the Forex Brokerage market in Georgia then led its expansion to New Zealand qualifying CostraFX for an FSP license, an effort later thwarted by the 2015 regulatory changes. Mr. Nebor has consulted for Majestic Research Corp., Popcast Inc., Yahoo Inc. and Media code Inc. He specialized on tuning and enhancing software by leveraging their API to provide additional functionality to the end user. Regis Nebor holds a Master Degree in Computer Science Engineering from University Rennes I in France.

Among the other changes, Mr. Levi is no longer part of WHEN and FSC, the Broker Dealer relationship with AMID is suspended until further notice more on the news Mr. Teplitsky will join us to strengthen and expand our team, leading the switch to a new and energized platform, destined to help WHEN grow its earning potential before the end of 2016.

World Health Energy Holdings Have working to integrate a Financial Software, Banking, and Holding Company. Its companies include FSC Solutions, Inc. (www.fsc.trade), and Online trade DBA company www.onlinetrade.trade with our new back office system potentially creating high traffic to our new business model between FX and managed accounts for our existing clients, excluding US traders.

Investor Database for Future Press Releases and Industry Updates

Interested investors and shareholders are invited to be added to the corporate e-mail database for corporate press releases and periodic industry updates by sending an e-mail to info@worldhealthenergy.com

About World Health Energy Holdings (www.worldhealthenergy.com)

World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. (WHEN) is a diversified energy, health and financial software company. WHEN is comprised of:

FSC Solutions Inc. (www.fsc.trade), teamed with IB which will enable a suite of next-generation, direct-access online trading platform solutions for stocks, equity, options, bonds, futures and Forex trading on the global markets, as well as risk management software.





Online Trade www.onlinetrade.trade is an online FX and Stocks service company offering an online trading platform for Stocks, Mutual, fx futures, and fixed income with low transaction costs.





Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subjected to known, unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to maintain our website and associated computer systems, our ability to generate sufficient market acceptance for our products and services, our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow, and general economic conditions. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one of more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release. 
2016-10-12
Civil liberties group urges Verizon to shore up Yahoo user protection Yahoo Mail logo is displayed on a smartphone's screen in front of a code in this illustration taken in October 6, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

SAN FRANCISCO An international civil liberties group that has worked with web companies on human rights and surveillance issues is asking Verizon Communications Inc to examine a secret email scanning program run by its acquisition target Yahoo Inc and improve on its user protection record.

Access Now, an international digital rights group, wrote to Verizon on Tuesday about scanning conducted in 2015 at the behest of U.S. intelligence authorities and first reported by Reuters last week. Federal officials said the search was at the direction of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and sought emails containing a specific set of characters associated with a terror group backed by another government.

Access Now pressed the communications carrier to make sure that Yahoo does more to protect user data, keeps security staff informed of relevant policy decisions and keeps its commitments to surveillance reform.

"We have an ongoing and constructive engagement with Access Now and will review their recommendations and consider them carefully," Verizon said in an emailed statement.

The letter, provided to Reuters in advance of its publication on Wednesday on the group's website, points to mixed feelings among privacy and security experts about the pending $4.8 billion acquisition. Yahoo has in past years enjoyed a good reputation for protecting users from government pressure, lobbying for restrictions on broad searches and appealing warrantless inquiries from the secret U.S. intelligence court.

Like other major telecommunications carriers, Verizon has been seen by privacy experts as more closely aligned with the interests of government regulators, law enforcement and intelligence agencies.

But Verizon has begun publishing a transparency report of the sort pioneered by web companies, quantifying and explaining government information requests, and it has also fought some data demands in court.

Verizon has also observed that Yahoo will give it a more global customer base with different expectations.

 They seem to recognize that this is kind of an opportunity to build on the privacy and security commitments that I think are essential when we talk about expanding globally,  said Drew Mitnick, policy counsel at Access Now.

Among those who have faulted the Yahoo search or the way it was conducted are members of both houses of Congress, the United Nations special rapporteur on freedom of expression, Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner and the BEUC, an umbrella group of Europeans consumer groups.

Yahoo declined to comment about Access Now's request. The company's rights policies are being addressed in the integration process, according to a person familiar with the matter.

(Reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) ADDING MULTIMEDIA Chef'd and Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. Launch Low Carb Meal ... LOS ANGELES & DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Chef d, the first and only online meal kit marketplace, and Atkins Nutritionals, Inc., the leading low carb lifestyle brand, announced today the launch of a fresh meal kit alliance that will provide Atkins  low carb recipes with ingredients conveniently delivered right to consumers  doors. The Atkins recipes will be available as a recurring meal plan or as a-la-carte offerings, and brought to life with ingredient sourcing and delivery from Chef d. The co-branded fresh meal kits will be available for sale and shipment nationwide starting today on Chefd.com and Atkins.com.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161012005379/en/

This partnership brings authentic Atkins recipes together with fresh ingredients and fulfillment by Chef d. Each recipe has been carefully evaluated by Atkins  nutritionists to ensure the meals meet the program s nutritional guidelines, with variety and taste appeal.

 I have always been inspired by Dr. Atkins, as he was someone who thought differently and set out to prove why he was right,  said Kyle Ransford, chief executive officer, Chef d.  Atkins has become the low carb lifestyle leader, and through our collaboration, we are making it easier than ever to follow his game-changing approach. Our wide selection of wholesome, fresh low carb meals make healthy eating both achievable and enjoyable. 

Consumers visiting Atkins.com will be able to peruse and order the fresh meal kits through a  buy button  that will direct them straight to the individual product page on Chef d.com, streamlining the purchasing process. Through its flexible fulfillment and delivery capabilities, Chef d will provide all of the pre-portioned, ready-to-cook ingredients within 24-48 hours, complete with a recipe card and nutritional information for each meal.

 Chef d has an impressive operation where they can source fresh, quality ingredients to create innovative and satisfying meals out of our most popular and diverse Atkins recipes,  said Joseph Scalzo, president and chief executive officer, Atkins Nutritionals, Inc.  This alliance brings to life another convenient way to help people sustain a low carb lifestyle that is both easy and delicious. 

The Atkins recipes take the guesswork out of creating low carb meals, while Chef d takes the stress out of preparing them   eliminating the shopping and meal planning, while sourcing quality ingredients right to consumers  doors. With Chef d s flexibility, consumers will be able to order the Atkins fresh meal kits when they want and without subscriptions or membership fees.

The launch will include 20 Atkins recipes, including Zucchini Chicken Alfredo, Chimichurri Steak and Cauliflower Mash, and Maple Mustard Glazed Salmon and Asparagus, among others. The prices range from $10 to $18.50 per serving, and the offerings will expand to include additional recipes later this year. For more information, please visit http://www.chefd.com/pages/atkins.

About Chef d

Headquartered in El Segundo, Calif., Chef'd is an at-home, high-quality ingredient meal store that partners with celebrated chefs, media outlets and culinary influencers to create recipes that make it easy for anyone to cook like a pro at home. Launched in late April 2015, Chef'd was created to help consumers rethink the home-cooked meal by offering fresh, pre-portioned ingredients that aim to eliminate food waste and in turn cut consumer grocery costs, all without the hassle of subscription or membership fees. Chef'd branded recipes are currently available from noted chefs, health experts and renowned media publications. Follow on Twitter @get_chefd and Instagram @Chefd. More information available at www.chefd.com.

About Atkins Nutritionals, Inc.

Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. is the leading low carb lifestyle brand, committed to educating and empowering people to live healthier lives. From weight loss and maintenance to improved overall health, Atkins offers the tools and education about achieving balanced nutrition with reduced levels of refined carbohydrates and added sugars, and diets rich in protein, fiber, fruits, vegetables and good fats. Its extended portfolio of products, ranging from frozen meals and nutrition bars to shakes and snacks, provides convenient low carb solutions to help the body burn more fat and work more efficiently, while keeping consumers satisfied and energetic.

Read More 
2016-05-31
Yahoo, Others Can't Duck Ad Patent Suit, Fed. Circ. Says Yahoo, Others Can't Duck Ad Patent Suit, Fed. Circ. Says

Law360, New York (May 31, 2016, 6:07 PM EDT) -- The Federal Circuit on Tuesday vacated a lower court s stipulation that Yahoo! Inc. Google Inc., ESPN Inc. and a who s who of other media giants did not infringe a patent covering the delivery of targeted advertising to consumers.



The appellate court panel sent the case back to the District of Delaware after determining that the lower court erred in how it construed a key term for U.S. Patent Number 6,002,393, according to its opinion.



Patent owner HBAC Matchmaker Media Inc., a company founded by the patents ...

To view the full article, register now. Could AT&T Buy Yahoo? AT&T (NYSE:T) submitted a bid for Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) on Wednesday, joining Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Dan Gilbert (owner of Quicken Loans), and a group of private equity firms in the chase for Yahoo's core internet business. Verizon is widely considered the favorite to end up with YHOO's assets, but T will push its rival to the brink. Verizon has the most to gain from the acquisition, but the deal also makes sense for AT&T which continues to lose customers in its main wireless business. We expect T is after YHOO because it believes such a purchase would allow the firm to provide a more attractive package that would bring users back to its wireless offering, and position the firm more favorably for long-term growth.

Mobile Video

AT&T is highly dependent on its wireless business, which accounts for 45% of sales. But T is having trouble growing its customer base in this segment. In fact, the company is losing postpaid phone customers. In the first quarter, T lost 363,000 net customers, marking the sixth consecutive quarterly decline. We think that management believes the purchase of YHOO's Internet business, which boasts a user base of more than 800 million and important web video assets, will drive video usage on mobile phones and allow the firm to sell bigger data plans. As more and more customers cut the cable and consume videos and media on mobile devices, T believes it can attract customers back to its core offering with a packaged deal combining the video service and an unlimited data plan. There are synergies to be gained from the purchase, which would allow T to build upon its existing mobile video service that was launched through last year's acquisition of DirectTV. So far, the strategy appears to be working: 3 million customers accepted the packaged offer of DirectTV and unlimited data in the latest quarter. AT&T's interest also sheds light on the firm's long-term ambitions. According to Roger Cheng of CNET, T plans to offer a new video service that potentially rivals Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Rather than using multiple apps to consume video, this service would be a "single program allowing you to flip through channels on your phone as if you were flipping through the guide on your TV".

Advertising Technology and Competitive Positioning

The other big motivation for the YHOO acquisition has to do with shoring up AT&T's long-term competitive position. T is becoming less competitive in its Internet and cable offerings, and is now more dependent on its core wireless business. T must do all it can to protect its crown jewel. Despite AT&T's formidable scale advantages over smaller carriers such as T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) and Sprint (NYSE:S), technological substitution remains a real threat. As T continues to roll out new services, the company will require better advertising technology for more effective ad targeting. Yahoo, which has invested billions in algorithm-based ad technology, can provide T with what it needs to expand services down the road. Acquiring YHOO would also help strengthen T's patent portfolio, and provide some protection against the possible entry of new firms such as Alphabet's Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG), which could "launch its own WiFi-based wireless service".

Fears over what a Verizon acquisition of YHOO would imply for T's market position are also contributing to T's pursuit of the Internet giant. VZ, which bought AOL Inc. last year and has advertising technology and media assets that mesh with Yahoo's, stands to gain the most from an acquisition. VZ wants to buy Yahoo so that it can build upon its AOL asset, and develop the type of scale that would allow it to become more profitable. Growth in the mature telecom industry has slowed, but VZ hopes to offset this by strengthening its position in the mobile advertising market. According to eMarketer, US mobile ad spending is expected to grow 38% this year to $42 billion. A VZ acquisition would set T back a few paces in the race to develop the most immersive platform for consumers. AT&T cannot afford to fall too far behind its main rival, as network effects make it difficult to catch up once a firm achieves a critical mass of users: the more users a company attracts to its platform, the more data it can collect, and the more advertising it can sell. If VZ gets YHOO, we think T will have trouble executing its long-term strategy of transitioning to digital.

Conclusion

AT&T and Verizon have similar motivations for pursuing Yahoo. Both see the Internet firm's web video assets as an avenue for boosting user activity, and a way to sell more lucrative data plans to customers. Yahoo's advertising technologies are valuable, and T and VZ could leverage them to expand services and grow revenues in the mature telecom industry. Although both T and VZ have the financial resources to carry out a protracted bidding war, the potential synergies are highest with Verizon, and VZ will likely end up with the assets. But AT&T will not simply lie down and hand YHOO to its bitter rival.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. Welcome to Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc.!

Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. has proudly serviced the Decatur community since 2006 by providing residential and commercial tree services. Locally owned and operated by Nicholas Miller, we are a fully insured and licensed company that is a member of the prestigious Tree Care Industry Association (TCIA).

Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. specializes in dangerous tree removal. Whether your project is large or small, our team of experts can provide the resources and solutions you need to get the job done right. Our multifaceted company is able to assist you by providing a wide range of affordable services. In addition to taking care of our valued customers in Decatur, we also service surrounding areas such as Mt. Zion, Forsyth and Blue Mound. To speak with an experienced member of our staff about the high quality professional services we offer, you can simply contact us at (217) 521-5187 or email us at SkysTheLimitTree@yahoo.com. For more information, you also can visit our website at: http://www.skysthelimittree.com.

Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. takes pride in being safe, consistent, reliable and competitive. Our combined experience makes any "Impossible" task easy to overcome. In addition to serving residential customers within a 50-mile radius of Decatur, we handle commercial accounts in multiple states across the country. Currently, we are working on a tree and bush removal project for the city of Decatur that involves clearing a lot of debris by the bridge on U.S. Route 36.





Services

Although we specialize in dangerous tree removal, we provide a variety of additional fast and friendly services:

* 24/7 disaster and storm services

* Grapple truck services loading and hauling

* Aerial bucket services

* Tree removal

* Dangerous tree removal

* Tree trimming

* Tree pruning

* Tree shaping and tree thinning

* Tree topping and elevations

* Dead and diseased limb removal

* Lot clearing

* Wood chipping

We are open 24 hours per day and offer free estimates. Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. specializes in disaster response cleanup from hurricanes, floods, ice storms and tornadoes. We have a first response team that can be mobilized within hours after a notice to proceed.







Past Projects

Our past projects include:

*** September 2008 - February 2009: With Hurricane Ike, Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted in Harris County by Harris County Parks. We were in Houston, Texas to remove dangerous limbs from roadside right of ways and the removal of dangerous trees. 6,000 trees were trimmed and more than 300 trees were removed.

*** February 2009 - April 2009: With Hurricane Ike, Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted in Galveston, Texas (Bolivar Peninsula). More than 1,300 trees were trimmed and more than 200 trees were removed.

*** November 2011: Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted after the record-setting Nor'easter Snowstorm to remove hangers and leaners from roadside right of ways for Connecticut Department of Transportation (DOT).

*** November 2012: Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted for the Village of Floral Park in Floral Park, New York to remove all dangerous limbs over power lines and right of ways after the devastating strong and powerful Hurricane Sandy. Hurricane Sandy was the largest Atlantic hurricane on record.

*** April 2013 - July 2013: Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted for Operation Timber Strike to clean up after a devastating ice storm that happened in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. trimmed more than 1,400 trees, removed more than 200 trees and hauled more than 7,500 tons of debris.

*** February 2014: Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted and contracted crews to Barnwell County, South Carolina after a North American winter storm. Snow and ice affected the American South and East Coast of the United States. Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. and additional crews trimmed more than 11,200 ROW trees and removed more than 300 hazardous trees.

*** 2013 to 2014: Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc. was contracted from Choice Group Properties to trim and elevate all 379 occupied lots and remove more than 50 trees in a mobile home community called "Park City," which is located in Decatur, Illinois.

Remember, when it comes to taking on a tree project, "Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc." is the company to call today at (217) 521-5187.















Sky's The Limit Tree Service, Inc.









3920 South Taylor Road

Decatur, IL 62521













 Blucora says extended term of contract between Infospace and Yahoo  
2016-05-24
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Spends Big on Mayer's Security Due to Safety Fears Yahoo! Inc. s (NASDAQ:YHOO) CEO Marissa Mayer likely has some enemies who want her out of the firm. Another group of adversaries could be looking to physically harm her, if Yahoo s security budget for last year is anything to go by. According to the firm s SEC filing on Monday, Yahoo spent $544,061 to protect its CEO. This figure is at least 20 times more than what it spent the previous year ($26,891). The firm justified the cost, saying that Ms. Mayer  faced specific security threats  which were credible.

The firm didn t provide further details on the issue.

Figure Higher than Apple s Spending on Cook

Security for Mayer cost considerably more than what Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) spends to protect its CEO Tim Cook. The iPhone maker spent $275,000 to secure its top honcho last year. However, the figure pales in comparison to $6.5 million that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) spent on security services for its CEO Mark Zuckerberg.

Yahoo stated that the security expense isn t a perk that Ms. Mayer is entitled to. Rather, the firm considers the security cost reasonable due to the fact that she never requests the company to reimburse her business class airfare expenses.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

The firm said Ms. Mayer was awarded a $1,125 cash bonus via its  Invention Recognition Award  program. The program, which awards full-time staff only, recognized her for being one of the inventors listed in a  pending patent application  that the firm had filed.

Yahoo Shareholders are Evidently and Justifiably Angry

Yahoo s executive leadership has been busy fighting fires raised by angry shareholders who want them out. The shareholders are angry due to what they term poor strategic decisions that have reflected in the company s wanting performance.

The executives still earned millions of dollars in compensations, according to the SEC proxy filing. Ms. Mayer earned her basic $1 million annual salary last year. She also got various stock awards that pushed her total pay to $35,981,107.

Yahoo has rubbished the figure, instead saying that Ms. Mayer was actually paid 39 percent of the sum. This translates to around $14 million. The filing states that the pay was low because the company failed to attain its set financial targets for the year.

The firm s CFO Ken Goldman was given a similar compensation that was valued about $15 million. General Counsel Ron Bell was paid $4.5 million, while Chief Revenue Officer Lisa Utzschneider had a total pay package of $10 million.

Probably aware of its precarious financial situation, Yahoo s leadership noted that none of the officers listed above were paid a bonus or a salary increase.

Criticized for Her Controlling Style

Apart from her strategic blunders, Ms. Mayer has been criticized for her controlling style. This weak side of her managerial skills has become clear during meetings with prospective bidders for Yahoo s core business assets.The 40-year old CEO has reportedly been talking over other members of the executive leadership and going as far as responding to questions meant for them.

Her endless chatter could ruin her chance of her staying on the job, as she could appear to be a pathetic listener. Analysts have also said that her managerial style has affected strong execs who are still loyal to the company. They include Jeff Bonforte, the senior vice president of communication products; and Enrique Munoz Torres, the senior vice president of search and advertising.

If Ms. Mayer is kicked out of the firm when its core business assets are sold, she is expected to earn a cool severance package of $55 million. The auction has drawn interest from several bidders such as Verizon. Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans, is interested in the assets and has the financial backing of billionaire investor Warren Buffett. Private equity firms such as Apax Partners, TPG Capital, Sycamore Partners and Bain Capital are also interested. Yahoo CFO Says Sale Process for Company Is 'Well Along the Way' Declines to gives specifics on what  inning  the effort is in

Yahoo! Inc. s strategic review to sell its core business is  well along the way,  Chief Financial Officer Ken Goldman said, without giving any specifics.

 It s going, I think, very, very well,  Goldman said during a presentation hosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in Boston on Tuesday.  We are continuing to work tirelessly to get to the right place. 

Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.

Yahoo -- under the leadership of Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer -- started a review of the company s options in February after pressure from investors and a failed turnaround. Bidders have included TPG, Verizon Communications Inc., YP Holdings LLC, and a consortium led by Bain Capital LP and Vista Equity Partners LLC, people familiar with the matter have said. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Chairman Warren Buffett is also backing a group bidding for Yahoo s Internet assets, people familiar with the matter have said.

While Goldman said the process is robust, he declined to give details on what "inning" the effort is in during the presentation.

"We are taking it extremely seriously," Goldman said, noting the process is accounting for the majority of executives  time.  It s our collective goal that we find a way that -- wherever this ends up -- that ultimately Yahoo will do better with the benefit of however it goes than staying independent. 

Goldman said Yahoo is making progress in efforts to streamline the company as well. Yahoo now has about 9,000 employees down from 10,400 at the end of last year. Yahoo's False Prophet: How Marissa Mayer Failed to Turn the Company Around Marissa Mayer has sat behind the wheel at Yahoo for nearly four years. She has had the luxury of running one of the world s most recognized internet brands, with a surging digital ad market, a cooperative board, a truckload of cash and 1 billion monthly visitors. And still she has failed to turn things around at the beleaguered company.

 Befuddlement is the best way I could characterize Marissa Mayer s hire,  says Brian Wieser, senior analyst at Pivotal Research Group, of the onetime Google wunderkind s arrival at Yahoo in July 2012.  Sure, you had someone who understood consumer use of digital media   but no core experience with Yahoo s business, which was generating ad revenue from Madison Avenue. 

Marco Ventura for Variety

Mayer, who will be 41 on May 30, now faces the prospect of the firm she was hired to save being sold off, and the possibility of being booted from her job. She has been largely protected from Wall Street s wrath by the surge in value from Yahoo s Alibaba Group holdings (although she had nothing to do with those gains). But as Yahoo s finances have continued to deteriorate, it has become apparent that Mayer has wasted time and money with a lack of cohesive vision and a mercurial micromanagement style that paralyzed growth opportunities, according to former employees and industry execs.

As one shareholder wonders:  What the f  has Marissa Mayer been doing for the last three-plus years? 

When Yahoo hired Mayer, the company was in a position to become a real player in social media, and to blossom into a much bigger digital-media property that could leverage increased revenue from its huge audience. Instead, Mayer spent $1 billion on blogging startup Tumblr, which three years later hasn t produced any meaningful revenue, while unilaterally abandoning an array of content initiatives.

In turn, she has doubled down on search, which Yahoo is fueling with pricey paid-traffic deals with two of its biggest rivals, Microsoft and Google. But prior to Mayer deciding it was critical to Yahoo s future, web search hadn t been a strength since the company s earliest days.  Let s not be hyperbolic: The use case was literally accidental searches on the homepage,  says a former Yahoo exec.

Mayer s interest in beefing up search, according to this source, is because  she has a real chip on her shoulder about getting thrown out of search  at Google. (In 2010, she was demoted by then-CEO Eric Schmidt from her position as Google VP of search products and user experience to a job overseeing local content, maps, and location services.)

 The Yahoo way is,  We ll throw 10 rocks against the wall, and maybe one of them will hit the bull s-eye. But you need a sniper rifle in this business.  Rich Tullo, analyst

Now Yahoo investors waiting for Mayer s turnaround miracle to materialize have thrown up their hands. Activist/investor Starboard Value   exasperated at the lack of progress on Mayer s watch   threatened to oust the CEO and the current board by nominating its own slate of directors. Last month, Yahoo averted a potentially ugly proxy fight with the fund by appointing Starboard chief Jeffrey Smith and three Starboard-backed directors to the board. The shakeup increases the likelihood of a Yahoo sale, given Starboard s position on the issue. For now, Mayer s job at the company appears safe, but all bets are off if the new board finds a buyer. (In the event she s fired within a year of an acquisition, Mayer stands to receive a severance package worth about $55 million.)

Mayer, through a rep, declined a request for an interview.

At this point, the task of trying to revive Yahoo will almost certainly fall to an acquirer or a new management team. Earlier this year, the company s board bowed to pressure to put itself on the block, and Yahoo is reviewing bids from parties including Verizon and several private-equity firms, while billionaire Warren Buffett says he s willing to back a play for the company by his friend Dan Gilbert, founder of Quicken Loans. Verizon, which snapped up AOL for $4.4 billion a year ago, is widely seen as the top candidate among potential strategic buyers, and would almost certainly merge Yahoo and AOL.

A Wall Street Journal report last week said Verizon and other bidders planned to offer between $2 billion and $3 billion for Yahoo   far less than the $8 billion or more the company has been expecting.

So Mayer s legacy at Yahoo may be as the CEO who drove it into a fire sale.  You d think Verizon would be interested in it just for their traffic, and fire everybody in a classic strategic-acquirer move to take cost synergies out,  says Brett Harriss, media and entertainment analyst at Gabelli & Co.

No one can accuse Mayer of standing still. Under her leadership, Yahoo has bought some 50 companies for a total of $2.8 billion, per an estimate by investor Eric Jackson of SpringOwl Asset Management. Many of those deals are smaller acqui-hires   buys of companies for their staff, not the products they sell   in the mobile space.

Analysts criticize the approach as a scattershot strategy that has failed to move the needle.  The Yahoo way is,  We ll throw 10 rocks against the wall, and maybe one of them will hit the bull s-eye,    says Rich Tullo, analyst with Albert Fried & Co.  But you need a sniper rifle in this business. 

Marco Ventura for Variety

Mayer has touted growth of Yahoo s so-called  Mavens  business, comprising mobile, video, native, and social ads. That segment represented $390 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2016, up 7% year-over-year, with mobile ads up 11% to $250 million, and a global mobile audience of 600 million monthly users.

 Over the past three and a half years, we took a company that, despite its rich history, faced legacy revenue declines, and we forged a Yahoo that is stronger and more modern,  Mayer said on the company s first-quarter earnings call in April.

But so far, Mavens has not stopped the bleeding at Yahoo. The company is projecting 2016 revenue, excluding traffic-acquisition costs, to decline by as much as 17%, to between $3.4 billion and $3.6 billion; and adjusted profits before depreciation, taxes, and amortization to drop by as much as 26%, to $700 million to $800 million.

 Mobile was something Yahoo had to go after,  says Scott Kessler, equity analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence.  The problem is, after all the M&A, people asked,  Are these actions really going to enhance the company s growth profile?  What became apparent was that they didn t. 

Both search and display ad revenue for Yahoo will drop by double-digit percentages this year   even as heavyweights like Google and Facebook continue to punch up sales in the growing sectors, according to research firm eMarketer.

Tumblr has been a particular disappointment for Yahoo.  It s a hipster-porn platform, essentially,  says Tullo.  Why isn t it Pinterest or Instagram?  Tumblr will contribute just $25 million in operating income to Yahoo s bottom line on $80 million in revenue in 2016, according to analyst firm SunTrust.

Click Image for Large Preview

Reflecting Mayer s poor track record of deal-making, in the fourth quarter of 2015, Yahoo recorded goodwill impairment charges of $1.2 billion related to acquisitions since 2012. That included a $230 million write-down for Tumblr. Yahoo said in an SEC filing that it is  reasonably possible  it could write down all of the remaining goodwill associated with Tumblr.

One acquisition that does seem to have helped is Yahoo s $640 million purchase of programmatic video-ad platform BrightRoll in November 2014. Yet that contributed only  incremental revenue  for full-year 2015, the company said in a filing, and Yahoo s need to enhance its ad-tech capabilities was already long overdue by then.

On the media front, Mayer has simply been out of her depth, insiders say.

She came to Yahoo boasting Silicon Valley chops   she was Google s first female engineer   but she has never had a real understanding of the media business, they say.

 She believes she can figure it out on her own,  says a former top Yahoo exec.  Her attitude is,  I watch TV shows, so I know TV shows.   Mayer hired Katie Couric   in a deal reportedly worth up to $10 million per year, mostly in stock   because she personally likes the former TV news personality, without a sense of where and how Couric s brand would appeal to Yahoo s user base, according to this source.

At first, Mayer was gung-ho on expanding Yahoo s media business, particularly in video entertainment, approving a Netflix-like slate of scripted original series with a seven-year business plan to recoup the investment (although the company had not yet acquired rights to the content over that time period). Last fall, Yahoo became the first internet outlet to live-stream an NFL game exclusively online, attracting 15 million viewers who watched some portion of it. (It s unclear what the average audience was for the one-off.)

Even earlier, in 2013, Yahoo was among the bidders for Hulu before that company s media-conglomerate owners decided not to move forward with the sales process. Yahoo also envisioned competing with Google s YouTube, making a $200 million offer for the French user-generated video site Dailymotion, since acquired by Vivendi. Execs later floated a pitch to YouTube creators   one that never went anywhere   to take their shows exclusively to Yahoo.

The plan at Yahoo was to launch a major standalone video service once content deals hit critical mass. But Mayer bailed on the strategy when the company s financials kept faltering; continuing on the path would have required Yahoo to invest even more in video without clear near-term payback.  She got enamored with content   but she had zero expertise. And she hired people with even less experience,  says one media exec who has had dealings with Yahoo.

Mayer pitched Yahoo to mobile content developers last year at a company-sponsored confab in San Francisco. Yahoo mobile ads were up 11% in Q1. AP Photo/Eric Risberg

Yahoo formally exited TV-style entertainment in the third quarter of 2015, taking a $42 million write-down on original series, including its revival of  Community,  previously axed by NBC. Also left stranded were Simon Cowell s live DJ reality-competition series and  The Pursuit,  a twentysomething comedy   la  Friends  from exec producer Scott Stuber, for which it had signed production deals. The company later shut down its Yahoo Screen video division, which was a hub for all its licensed and original video content.

Among the problems with Yahoo Screen was that it delivered a subpar user experience   it was clunky, and users couldn t easily find what they wanted to watch. Moreover, say industry execs, the company has ineffectively marketed its video lineup, which currently includes live concerts from Live Nation Entertainment (a deal that runs through July 2016).

 Yahoo s massive audience, which still exists today, gave it a tremendous media opportunity,  says Peter Csathy, CEO of Manatt Digital Media, a business consulting and legal services firm.  They had all this promise, they had all the core assets they needed to succeed   with a great sales force   and it s no secret that they ve dropped the ball. 

In another content retrenchment, Yahoo in February folded seven digital magazines, including titles covering food and travel, which had been a Mayer pet project. She wanted to launch dozens of vertically oriented magazines, dictating that they use Tumblr-based designs, hoping to better monetize Yahoo s monthly audience.

Mayer has positioned those closures as a refocusing on Yahoo s four strongest content segments   news, sports, finance, and lifestyle   as the company aims to cut 15% of its workforce over the course of 2016. But those were the areas on which Yahoo should have stayed laser-focused all along, according to S&P s Kessler.  They took their eye off the ball when it comes to content,  he says, adding,  It s amazing how little investment seems to be allocated to Yahoo Finance. The functionality is not very different than it was 10 years ago. 

Yahoo says that under the revamped media strategy, it s expanding its video production and reach. In the U.S., time spent watching videos on Yahoo in the first quarter climbed 94% year-over-year, according to the company. Video production has increased 54% as the company has shifted from acquiring video to concentrating more on in-house production, says Yahoo editor-in-chief Martha Nelson, the former Time Inc. top editorial exec Mayer hired last fall to oversee content operations.

 Yahoo is doing plenty of original video. We re just not doing scripted entertainment today,  Nelson says.  We are focusing on our core verticals and our most engaged audiences. 

 Befuddlement is the best way I could characterize Marissa Mayer s hire. You had someone who understood consumer use of digital media   but no core experience with Yahoo s business.  Brian Wieser, analyst

In February, Yahoo video sites attracted 58.2 million unique visitors in the U.S., making it the third most popular video destination after YouTube and Facebook, according to comScore. Yahoo s live content includes NHL games in a pact that runs through the league s 2017-18 regular season, and daily webcasts of 180 MLB games this season on Yahoo Sports. It s also touting Yahoo News video coverage of the 2016 elections. Yahoo has scored three recent interviews with President Obama, conducted by political columnist Matt Bai (formerly with The New York Times), White House reporter Olivier Knox, and Yahoo Finance markets correspondent Nicole Sinclair.  This is the stuff that keeps good journalists excited and motivated,  Nelson points out.

The company says Couric, who is Yahoo News  global anchor, has grown increasingly popular. Views of her video reports more than doubled in 2015 from the prior year. Couric s dispatches generated 157 million views in the first quarter of 2016, as she has spoken with almost all of the U.S. presidential candidates.

 Yahoo has a massive audience and the flexibility to do various forms of interviews,  Couric says.  We can ride the campaign bus with John Kasich, walk the streets of New York with the ladies of  Broad City,  or head behind the scenes with the cast of  Hamilton.  

After more than three decades on TV, Couric now finds television  a very passive medium compared to digital,  and says it has been rewarding to delve deep with her Yahoo interview subjects.  Television programming can often be on while you get ready for work or cook dinner. It s sometimes white noise in the background of a room,  she notes.  Online and mobile video is never really like that   it s a very active choice to click and watch a video   and we have to work hard to hold their attention and get them to take the action of clicking on our videos. 

Yahoo still has audience scale on its owned-and-operated sites, which makes them potentially attractive advertising partners, according to Jon Hsia, head of digital investment for agency GroupM. But, Hsia says,  there have been significant headwinds against them in the past couple of years   and they ve had a hard time monetizing what should be pretty dependable content. 

On May 4, Yahoo hosted a private Digital Content NewFronts event at its New York sales office for brand and agency partners   downsized from its party-atmosphere events in years past. This year, chief revenue officer Lisa Utzschneider says,  we believe it s important to provide our advertisers with less flash and more substance.  In other words, the company wants to convince big brand marketers it is still in the video game   just without the Hollywood ambitions.

Some observers questioned Mayer s hiring right from the start. She, in turn, has emphasized the major task she faced to turn Yahoo s fortunes around, especially given the management upheaval at the company; she was the seventh CEO in a little over five years.  I came in, I thought,  Wow, this is even harder than we thought it would be,   Mayer said on  Charlie Rose  in March.

Views of Katie Couric s video reports have surged, thanks to interviews with the likes of Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. Courtesy of Yahoo News

But even assuming she had eventually formulated a cohesive, workable strategy to rebuild Yahoo, she is hampered by her tendency to require that virtually all decisions   even small details   be run past her, according to former employees.  Marissa is one of those people who s always certain she s right,  says a former Yahoo senior manager.  She would undermine us, change her mind, or make everything go through her at the end of the day. It was a nightmare. 

Says another:  There s a uniform, recurring theme of bureaucracy in too many layers. Nobody was ever fully empowered.  When she was at Google, Mayer oversaw the approval of each daily homepage  doodle. 

Others say Mayer refuses to admit her failures, a stick-to-her-guns hubris that has made Yahoo slow to correct course when things weren t working. Asked by Rose about why Yahoo s series of acquisitions haven t paid off, she replied,  I actually think they did work. I think that it really was a matter of, we needed to rebuild some of the talent base.  She even defended the Tumblr deal, saying,  Obviously, we have fallen slightly behind where we hoped to be in terms of our plans, but I m still very optimistic about Tumblr. 

To her credit, Mayer has focused attention on Yahoo s technology platforms and capabilities around advertising systems, Kessler says. But that only fulfills its potential when you have great content, advertisers, and users.  It s like you ve built some great new bridge, but no one uses it,  he says.  Maybe they don t even know it s there. 

Martha Nelson, for one, dismisses the chatter surrounding Mayer as something that goes with the territory for a CEO at a high-profile company.  I really admire a lot things about Marissa,  Nelson says about her boss.  She s obviously bright, super hardworking   she probably works harder than anyone else in the organization. Marissa has devoted herself to transforming Yahoo. 

Fairly or not, Mayer also has been singled out for what detractors see as inappropriately self-indulgent behavior. That includes her infamous August 2013 Vogue photo spread, in which she posed reclining on a chaise lounge and discussed her work attire.  It was a nice photo,  Mayer told Rose after the piece caused a stir. On the company s February call with investors, she took time to complain about reports alleging that Yahoo paid $450 million on free food for employees over four years and $7 million for a holiday party.  Both numbers are exaggerated by more than a factor of three,  she said, adding,  All of our employee perks are standard for our industry, in line with other companies in our area. 

What happens next? The idea behind the possible Verizon buy is that the telco   which has been amassing a portfolio of digital-media holdings anchored by AOL   would fold Yahoo into a mix headed by AOL CEO Tim Armstrong, who has had success integrating multiple acquisitions at AOL. And there are other reported bidders for Yahoo, including private-equity firm TPG; a consortium that includes Bain Capital, Vista Equity Partners, and Ross Levinsohn, the media exec who served as Yahoo s interim CEO for less than three months in 2012 before Mayer was hired; and YP Holdings, the AT&T-backed ad company formerly known as YellowPages.com. Last week, Buffett said Berkshire Hathaway would be a potential financing partner for Gilbert s bid, confirming reports of the duo s interest.

On the earnings call in April, Mayer said the Yahoo board and management is making the sales process a  top priority,  often holding several calls and meetings per day.  We have been responsive and engaging,  she claimed.

Whatever the outcome, one ex-Yahoo senior manager has found the company s travails difficult to witness.  I don t feel vindicated,  the exec says.  I just feel sad to watch something that had so much potential in a death spiral.  
2016-02-12
Yahoo says bankruptcy court can't compel it to turn over email Yahoo Inc says U.S. bankruptcy law cannot be used to force the Internet company to turn over a user's email messages, which are being sought in connection with the collapse of Anglo Irish Bank.

Yahoo in court papers on Wednesday argued the Stored Communications Act (SCA), the law governing disclosure of electronic communications by Internet service providers, only allows it to disclose contents of email it manages in limited circumstances. That does not include orders to do so by bankruptcy judges.

To read the full story on WestlawNext Practitioner Insights, click here: bit.ly/1Slrk8W Mark Cuban: Twitter Is Fixable, Yahoo Has a Lot of Value NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

51:56 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-08-12
Airgain, Inc. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - August 12, 2016) - Airgain, Inc. (AIRG), a leading provider of embedded antenna technologies used to enable high performance wireless networking, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 1,500,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $8.00 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the common stock is being offered by Airgain. The shares are scheduled to begin trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "AIRG" on Friday, August 12, 2016. In addition, Airgain has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 225,000 shares of common stock at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. The offering is expected to close on August 17, 2016, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Northland Capital Markets and Wunderlich are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Northland Capital Markets is the trade name for certain capital markets and investment banking services of Northland Securities, Inc., member of FINRA/SIPC.

A registration statement relating to the securities being sold in the offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2016. This offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained, when available, by contacting: Northland Capital Markets at 45 South Seventh Street, Suite 2000, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, Attention: Heidi Fletcher, by calling toll free at (800) 851-2920, or by e-mail at hfletcher@northlandcapitalmarkets.com; or Wunderlich at 6000 Poplar Avenue, Suite 150, Memphis, Tennessee 38119, Attention: Chad Champion, by calling toll free at (800) 726-0557, or by e-mail at syndicate@wundernet.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About Airgain, Inc.

Airgain is a leading provider of embedded antenna technologies used to enable high performance wireless networking across a broad range of home, enterprise, and industrial devices. Our innovative antenna systems open up exciting new possibilities in wireless services requiring high speed throughput, broad coverage footprint, and carrier grade quality. Our antennas are found in devices deployed in carrier, enterprise, and residential wireless networks and systems, including set top boxes, access points, routers, gateways, media adapters, digital televisions, and Internet of things (IOT) devices. Airgain partners with and supplies the largest blue chip brands in the world, including original equipment and design manufacturers, chipset makers, and global operators. Airgain is headquartered in San Diego, California, and maintains design and test centers in San Diego, Cambridge, UK, Taipei, Taiwan, and Suzhou, China.

Airgain and the Airgain logo are registered trademarks of Airgain, Inc. 
2016-01-06
Yahoo! Inc. : Starboard Value Demands Significant Changes Starboard Value, the activist hedge fund headed by Jeffrey Smith, expressed its frustration with the performance of Yahoo and demanded changes in the management, board composition, strategy and execution of the company.

In a letter to the Board of Directors of the tech giant, Smith said 2015 had been an  extremely frustrating  year for Yahoo shareholders because the proposed spinoff of the company s stake in Alibaba Group Holding did not materialize due to concerns regarding the massive tax liability. The activist investor believes that the Board made the right decision in suspending the spinoff.

Yahoo core business continues to underperform

Aside from the spinoff, Smith said his firm was also frustrated with the continued underperformance of Yahoo s core businesses (search and display advertising). He noted that the operating and financial performance of its core businesses continued a  downward spiral  despite its efforts and billions of dollars spent on acquisitions over the past three years.

The annual operating cost of the core business is increasing by approximately $500 million despite its declining revenue. The company spent $2.3 billion on acquisitions. Most of its investments have been misguided and poorly overseen, and ultimately shut down,  said Smith. He also noted the accelerating departures of the company executive leadership.

Smith is confident that there interested and credible buyers for the company s core business. According to him, several parties reached out to the Board and management and expressed their interest in buying its core business.

 The management team that was hired to turn around the Core Business has failed to produce acceptable results, in turn, causing massive declines in profitability and cash flow. It appears that investors have lost all confidence in management and the Board,  said Smith.

Yahoo Stub trading near zero

He also pointed out that the Yahoo Stub (the company s market value minus the value of its stake in Alibaba) collapsed as of Tuesday, and it is currently trading near zero.

Smith said the company derived the bulk of its current market value  almost entirely  from its extraordinary investment in Alibaba over the past ten years. Its investment in Alibaba is worth more than $30 billion today. Yahoo s current market capitalization is around $30.5 billion.

 The current valuation of Yahoo implies either a massive tax liability on Yahoo s minority equity interests in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan Corporation ( Yahoo Japan ) or that the remaining operating assets of Yahoo are worthless, or some combination of the two,  said Smith.

According to him, Yahoo could separate its assets in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan by selling and spinning off its core businesses. He believes that a sale or spinoff of the company s core businesses should result in a more tax efficient separation.

On the tax issue, FBN opines that Yahoo should consider the following:

Consider issuing a tracking stock for Aabaco Holdings that would contain the same assets initially planned for the asset backed security in the transaction the IRS refused to rule on. In this fashion, Yahoo could highlight the value of the BABA position as well as YHOO s other assets without any tax impact. In the event the new tracking equity didn t trade well, it could be structured so the Aabaco Holdings tracker could be rolled back into YHOO at any time in the future if doing so made sense, thus giving the Yahoo Board more flexibility than many other options. This structure would also give the Board all the time they needed to evaluate other options.

2. Consider issuing a Convertible Exchangeable Debenture tied to all or much of the BABA position settleable in cash or BABA equity at Yahoo s option with plans to use most of the cash raised from said issuance to tender for billions of YHOO equity. In this fashion, Yahoo could tax efficiently monetize some or all of the BABA position (likely at a very low interest rate for which they would get an interest deduction) while materially shrinking the equity base at YHOO, leading to leveraged equity returns for shareholders. We would think given the value of the BABA shares owned by YHOO and the current equity capitalization of YHOO, such an issuance would clearly create and highlight value for shareholders.

3. Consider effecting an auction swap whereby YHOO shareholders could elect to swap YHOO shares for shares of BABA held by Yahoo. This could be structured such that Yahoo gets the maximum value for the BABA shares and also results in equity shrink at the parent company similar to a repurchase or share tender.

Shareholders have no confidence in the company s leadership

Smith said it is unfortunate that shareholders have no confidence in the Board and management to execute the proposed separation of Yahoo s assets or improve the performance of its core business. He said,  We are confident that both of these objectives are achievable, but will require a change in leadership and strategy. 

Furthermore, the activist investor said turning around Yahoo s business is  extremely difficult  given the several failed attempts to return the company towards growth and profitability.

According to him, the company needs a new leadership with a different thinking to develop a plan to balance priorities between growth and profitability. He explained that the new leadership needs to prioritize and invest in certain parts of Yahoo s business while deeply cutting unnecessary costs, selling or exiting unprofitable businesses and research projects as well as overhauling incentives and compensation programs.

 The Board must accept that significant changes are desperately needed,  said Smith. Major Movers: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.(NYSE:CMG), The major indices have all opened well beneath their flat lines with the tech-heavy Nasdaq (-1.2%), Dow Jones Industrial Average (-1.3%), and the S&P 500 (-1.3%) pacing one another.

All ten sectors have opened in the red with energy (-2.5%), telecom services (-2.2%), and materials (-2.1%) showing the largest losses. On the flipside, consumer staples (-0.8%), utilities (-0.9%), health care (-1.0%), and consumer discretionary (-1.0%) have the best performances so far today. Interesting to note, on the NYSE decliners outnumber advancers 7 to 1.

Meanwhile in commodities, WTI crude remains near its low with oil trading down 3.5% at $34.72/bbl.

In Treasuries, the benchmark note trades near its high with yield on the 10-yr lower by five basis points at 2.19%.

Telsey Advisory Group downgrades Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.(NYSE:CMG) to Market Perform from Outperform and sets target price at $555 following co s recent update released earlier today. In that 8-K filing update, mgmt noted that its December period SSS had declined 30.0%, though recovering from a -37.0% negative trend earlier in the period. For its full 4QF15 (Dec), SSS are now guided to be down 14.6%   lower than its December 4th released estimate of down 8-11% and firms  prior est to 13.0%. Given the lower 4Q SSS guidance, EPS for the quarter is now guided to be $1.70-1.90   also lower than its previous est of $2.45-2.85 and firm s prior est of $2.63.

Should Investors Buy CMG At New Lows? Find Out Here

Rosenblatt notes Yahoo! Inc.(NASDAQ:YHOO) is dropping its online video service (Screen), which was only launched less than two years ago for original and licensed/syndicated programming. While this can be a short term cost reduction move, it further increases the challenges Yahoo! faces in driving audience and usage growth, and therefore likely leads to Yahoo! s properties being even less relevant to advertisers overall, es-pecially large brand advertisers. They re hard pressed to think of a buyer that would pay a significant premium for Yahoo! s core business vs. what is already factored into the stock. With the latest move to drop Screen and reduce operating expenses, it seems more likely to be dressing up the core business for sale to private equity, or per-haps an M&E company, which already has a video content portfolio. But, we still think that would in either case fall short of a premium takeover valuation on Yahoo! s stock.

Tags: Chipotle Mexican Grill Yahoo urged to change management, board and strategy in Starboard letter Activist investor Starboard Value LP on Wednesday delivered a letter to Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% management, urging it to accept that major changes are needed at the company, including changes to management, the board composition, strategy and execution. "Despite over three years of effort and billions spent on acquisitions, the management team that was hired to turn around the core business has failed to produce acceptable results, in turn, causing massive declines in profitability and cash flow," Starboard wrote in the letter. Investors have lost all confidence in the management team and the board, the letter continued. Most of Yahoo's current value stems from its investment in Alibaba BABA, -0.38% over ten years ago, "and the good fortune that Alibaba's management team has executed well such that this investment today is worth over $30 billion," it said. Yahoo's current market cap is about $30.5 billion. The current valuation is either a massive tax liability, or reflects the fact that the company's core business is worthless, or a combination of the two, it said. "We are confident that a separation of these assets can be accomplished through either a sale of the core business or a spin of the core business," it said. Yahoo shares fell 0.9% in premarket trade, and are down about 35% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 has gained 0.7%. Five things you should know before you start your workday on Jan. 6 Good morning. If the Prime Minister is exempt from tax on his nanny care benefits, perhaps Canadians   who don t earn quite as much as Justin Trudeau does   should be as well. Fiat Chrysler sold 15.4 per cent of the vehicles bought in the country last year. And Yahoo pulled the plug on an online video hub. These stories and more in your morning cheat sheet to the Financial Post.

1. The Prime Minister, nannies and taxes

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau earns more than $327,000 a year, and has two nannies on his household staff to look after his children. They re paid $15 to $20 an hour during the day, and $11 to $13 for a night shift, which is roughly in line with amounts paid to private nannies. Unlike ordinary Canadians, the Prime Minister enjoys a special exemption from tax on his nanny care benefits. Other Canadians who aren t in the top one per cent of income earners are taxable on such benefits under antiquated rules, Vern Krishna reports.

Today, females outnumber males roughly 65-to-35 in medical and law schools. These numbers reflect permanent shifts in general university demographics. Our tax laws remain fossilized in the social demographics of the last century.

The cost of childcare is the single biggest impediment for families, particularly working women, who wish to participate in the workforce. Childcare is a basic function of family life. If a mother must work by bringing in care for her children, the cash that the family pays for such care is clearly related to earning income. Unfortunately, the income tax system is not nearly as sympathetic to nanny expenses for Canadians in the 21st century.

The fundamental principle for the deductibility of business expenses is that the taxpayer should incur them for the primary purpose of earning income. The existence of a business purpose is a question of fact. The present regime of childcare deductions, however, is a haphazard conglomerate of rules that aren t well suited to the needs of the new economy, and are a disincentive for women who wish to pursue their professional careers.

2. Fiat Chrysler tops tables for Canadian sales

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles took the Canadian auto-sales crown for the first time ever in 2015, capitalizing on skyrocketing consumer demand for SUVs and pickup trucks in another record-setting year for the industry, Kristine Owram reports.

The company, which sells Ram pickups, Jeep SUVs and Dodge cars, sold 15.4 per cent of the vehicles bought in Canada last year. This was the first time FCA Canada has managed to outsell both Ford Canada and General Motors Canada, which had full-year market share of 14.7 per cent and 13.9 per cent respectively.

 Given the history that we ve had and where we were, particularly back in 2008 and 2009 when a number of people had us completely written off, to now be stronger than ever in our entire 90-year history is a little bit counter-intuitive for people and makes being number one that much sweeter,  said Reid Bigland, CEO of FCA Canada.

3. Tough times for Canada s small investment firms: IIAC

Restructuring and consolidation amid a tough economy and escalating regulatory costs has led to the disappearance, or reconstitution of 25 per cent of investment firms in Canada over the past three years, according to Ian Russell, chief executive of the Investment Industry Association of Canada.

More than 50 boutique firms are gone, including some that have been overhauled to operate solely in Canada s less onerous, lower-cost exempt market, Russell said in Toronto.

Other small and mid-sized firms have folded outright or been amalgamated, Barbara Shecter reports.

Despite the consolidation that s taken place,  significant contraction  is expected over the next couple of years, said Russell, who based his view on a recent survey the IIAC conducted by tapping the chief executives of the association s 144 investment dealer members.

4. Chance of a rate cut rising

The likelihood of a Bank of Canada rate cut is rising as markets await details of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s promised stimulus package for the economy, John Shmuel reports.

Markets this week began pricing in a greater chance that the BoC will move to cut its interest rates sometime this year, with the overnight index swap market suggesting that about a fifth of participants now see negative interest rates by the end of 2016.

Charles St-Arnaud, an economist at Nomura Global Economics, said that while the Canadian economy desperately needs the stimulus, the central bank might be forced to cut rates the longer it takes details about the package to be revealed. Finance Minister Bill Morneau isn t expected to table the budget until sometime between late February and the end of March.

 With growth faltering and likely to remain weaker than expected by the BoC, the probability of a rate cut has increased,  he said in a note to clients Tuesday.  Moreover, after almost two months in power, the announcement of the size and details of the fiscal stimulus by the new federal government are still being awaited and one could start to wonder if the economy can wait the months it will need for the impact to be felt. 

5. Yahoo shuts down its video service, more changes expected

Yahoo pulled the plug on an online video hub that was once envisioned as the beleaguered company s answer to Netflix and YouTube, the Associated Press reports.

The end of the Yahoo Screen is part of a purge being directed by CEO Marissa Mayer with hopes of generating greater profit elsewhere.

But Yahoo Screen never attracted the vast audiences that flock to Netflix and YouTube. Yahoo is now scattering its video across its digital magazines and other services, such as Yahoo Music. Inside Starboard Urging Yahoo to Change Management NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

49:50 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-03-10
Yahoo adds 2 board members, upping the odds of a proxy fight Yahoo Inc. has set up a battle for control of its board by appointing two directors likely to further agitate an activist shareholder threatening an attempt to oust Chief Executive Marissa Mayer unless she bows to demands to sell the company's Internet operations.

The decision announced Thursday increases the likelihood that the unhappy shareholder, Starboard Value, will nominate an opposing slate to run against Yahoo's board of nine directors in a proxy fight.

If the confrontation occurs, it would escalate the challenges already facing Mayer and the rest of Yahoo's board as they try to reverse a prolonged decline in the company's revenue and figure out a way to avoid paying taxes on the gains from a roughly $28 billion stake that it holds in China's e-commerce leader, Alibaba Group.

Starboard had been seeking seats on Yahoo's board without a proxy fight, but that seems unlikely to happen now that Yahoo has filled two vacancies that recently opened up with the resignations of PayPal co-founder Max Levchin and discount stock brokerage pioneer Charles Schwab.

Yahoo, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., named former Morgan Stanley investment banker Catherine Friedman and Eric Brandt, chief financial officer of computer chipmaker Broadcom Corp., to fill those positions.

 It's like they are giving the middle finger to Starboard,  said Eric Jackson, managing director of SpringOwl Asset Management, another Yahoo shareholder critical of Mayer's leadership. Jackson declined to say how much stock SpringOwl owns.

Starboard Value didn't respond to a request for comment. The firm has until March 26 to nominate its own candidates to take over Yahoo's board. If Starboard Value seizes control of Yahoo's board, it could then fire Mayer, who has been the company's CEO since July 2012.

Mayer wants to pursue a plan that calls for Yahoo to lay off 15% of its workforce and shed unprofitable services to reduce expenses and sharpen the company's focus on mobile, digital video and its most popular specialties, such as sports and finance. At the same time, Mayer is trying to pull off a complicated spin-off that would break off Yahoo's Internet operations into a newly formed company to shield the Alibaba stake from taxes.

Starboard and other shareholders want Yahoo to sell its Internet operations as soon as possible. That demand is based largely on the belief that Yahoo's revenue is bound to fall even further as more digital advertising flows to the industry leaders, Alphabet Inc. s Google and Facebook Inc.

Yahoo's board says it is still backing Mayer, but last month it also signaled that it is receptive to selling the Internet operations by hiring three investment banks to solicit offers. Analysts believe the most likely bidders are Verizon Communications Inc., AT&T Inc., Comcast Corp. and a private equity firms that specialize in buying troubled companies.

Yahoo's stock slipped 69 cents to close Thursday at $32.82. The price has more than doubled since Mayer became CEO, but most of those gains stemmed from a run-up in Alibaba's value during the early years of her tenure. The shares have fallen 35% since the end of 2014, reflecting decline in Alibaba's value and waning investor confidence in Mayer.

ALSO:

Jessica Alba's Honest laundry detergent said to contain forbidden ingredient

Proposed FCC rules would limit how Internet service providers can use your data

Apple seeks Latino support, saying weaker iPhone security could help investigators in immigration cases Yahoo Sports Partners With NHL to Bring Fans Free, Live Out-of-Market Games ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and the National Hockey League (NHL ) today announced a strategic alliance to deliver premium sports content to Yahoo Sports  millions of users. Now fans can access live, out-of-market NHL games for free on Yahoo, throughout the week, no cable subscription or authentication required. Yahoo will offer unique advertising opportunities for brands to connect with their audiences, alongside and within this live and on-demand sports contents.

Beginning March 11, Yahoo Sports, in collaboration with the NHL, will live stream an NHL  Game of the Day  to hockey fans in the U.S., up to four days a week, along with delivering in-game highlights for each game. This is in addition to the Wednesday and Sunday national NHL games currently promoted by Yahoo to its fans in partnership with NBC Sports Group. Yahoo will also provide condensed games,  Best of the Day  and  Best of the Week  top plays and postgame highlights. Yahoo Sports also will continue to bring fantasy hockey highlights and our season-long game to fans around the world.

 This alliance brings us one step closer to providing fans a live professional sporting event every day, on Yahoo, completely frictionless and for free   no cable subscription or authentication required,  said Phil Lynch, VP, Media Partnerships at Yahoo.  We remain committed to delivering the best digital content to our users and advertisers, and the NHL s premium content nicely complements our offering of live and on-demand partner content, including Yahoo/MLB s Game of the Day, Yahoo/NBC Sports content and our recently announced deal with the PGA TOUR. 

Building on the success of the NFL live stream on Yahoo which drew more than 15 million viewers, Yahoo is introducing new video advertising opportunities that will run within commercial breaks during the live streams of live sporting events, which includes NHL and MLB games. Brands will have new ways to connect directly with an engaged audience of sports fans around this live video programming on Yahoo Sports, while using Yahoo s audience insights and retargeting capabilities to engage with viewers after a game concludes.

ABOUT THE NHL

The National Hockey League (NHL ), founded in 1917, consists of 30 Member Clubs, with players from more than 20 countries represented across team rosters, competing for the most revered trophy in professional sports   the Stanley Cup . Each year, the NHL entertains hundreds of millions of fans around the world. The League broadcasts games in more than 160 countries and territories through its rightsholders including NBC/NBCSN in the U.S., Sportsnet and TVA in Canada, and Viasat in the Nordic Region. The NHL reaches fans worldwide with games available online in every country including via its live and on-demand streaming service NHL.TV . Fans are engaged across the League s digital assets on mobile devices via the free NHL app; across nine social media platforms; on SiriusXM NHL Network Radio , and on NHL.com, available in eight languages and featuring an enhanced statistics platform powered by SAP, providing the definitive destination for hockey analytics. A historic media rights partnership between the NHL and MLBAM has transformed the fan experience across the League s digital and broadcast assets, with an emphasis on deeper access into the game and enhanced storytelling. To celebrate the NHL s international diversity, the World Cup of Hockey will return in September, 2016, a best-on-best international tournament featuring eight teams comprised of the world s best hockey players. On Founder s Day in November 2017, the League will celebrate its Centennial anniversary, commemorating 100 years of NHL hockey. The NHL is committed to giving back to the community through programs including: Hockey is for Everyone  which supports nonprofit youth hockey organizations across North America; Hockey Fights Cancer  which raises money and awareness for hockey's most important fight; NHL Green  which is committed to the pursuit of sustainable business practices; and a partnership with the You Can Play Project, which is committed to supporting the LGBT community and fighting homophobia in sports. For more information, visit NHL.com.

NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks of the National Hockey League. All Rights Reserved.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Insider Selling Alert: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Walt Disney Co. (DIS) Published By: Ramsha Amir on March 10, 2016 08:12 am EST

The Country Caller highlights Yahoo! s and Walt Disney s insider selling report. The particulars of each transaction are as follows:

Yahoo! Inc.

Chief Financial Officer Kenneth A Goldman unloaded 90,194 shares, (11.90% of his immediate ownership in the company) a total of $3,000,024 in a single transaction on March 8. Following this, he had a leftover direct stake of 667,985 shares worth $22,384,177.

All of the 14 transactions   worth a combined total of $18,103,494   that Yahoo! Inc. saw insiders make during the last 12 months were sells.

Walt Dinsey Co.

EVP, Control, Fin Plan & Tax Brent Woodford sold 1,000 shares, (3.08% of his immediate ownership in the company) a total of $99,250 in a single transaction on March 7. Following this transaction, Mr. Brent had a leftover stake of $3,071,233 a total of 31,474 shares. Why Yahoo Stands With Apple in FBI Battle NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

52:49 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-04-17
Yahoo's bidding price could get a big boost because of a business it has ... In 1996, Yahoo struck a deal with Softbank to launch Yahoo Japan together, taking a 35% minority stake in the joint venture.

Yahoo has no role in running Yahoo Japan whatsoever. But as part of the deal, Yahoo also signed a royalty agreement to collect 3% of Yahoo Japan's gross profit every year. That royalty payment was worth about $90 million last year alone.

Until now, most people didn't pay much attention to the Yahoo Japan royalties, believing it's a small part of the business that will eventually go away. But as SunTrust analyst Robert Peck discovered last week, the royalty deal will run in perpetuity, even if Yahoo gets sold to another company.

Peck characterized the Yahoo Japan royalties as one of Yahoo's "under-appreciated" assets because most investors were not sure what would happen to the deal upon a sale or change in control of the company. But now that people know the royalty deal runs forever, the core value could significantly increase   with Peck estimating the royalty itself to be worth over $1 billion.

And while Yahoo is seeking a buyer for its core business, its royalty deal with Yahoo Japan could suddenly play a bigger role that swings the entire value of the bid.

"It's one of the biggest questions investors were asking because it s such a big part of Yahoo's profitability," Peck told Business Insider. "It's critical because of Yahoo Japan's growth and what that cash flow stream could mean for the next 10-plus years."

Growing asset

The best part about the Yahoo Japan royalties is that it's almost pure cash and it doesn't cost anything for Yahoo other than providing the rights to use its brand in Japan. There was some technical support involved initially, but that's mostly gone, Peck says. Yahoo Japan's main search engine, for example, now licenses Google's search technology instead.

On top of that, Yahoo Japan continues to grow. As its gross profit grows, the royalty payments will only expand.

Last year, Yahoo Japan generated $3.5 billion in revenue, up 5% from the previous year, and the same size of revenue Yahoo US expects to hit this year. It also saw an impressive 46% operating margin, marking the 18th straight year of record-high revenue and profit, according to its annual report. It forecast another high single-digit growth across the board for this fiscal year.

Part of the growth has to do with Yahoo Japan's ability to keep its focus around its news portal, while providing many additional digital services.

Yahoo now has 300 media partners, syndicating over 4,000 articles a day, according to Yahoo Japan's representative. It also provides nearly 100 other online services, including Japan's leading auction and shopping sites, as well as a credit card business that now has 1.8 million card holders. In total, Yahoo Japan gets roughly 100 billion page views a month from both PC and mobile users combined.

"Yahoo Japan has several properties that is definitely keeping its own and is central to everybody s user experience," William Saito, special IT advisor for the Cabinet Office of Japan, told us. "It does have a strong mindshare here."

Risk of losing the deal

The problem is Softbank, the majority owner of Yahoo Japan, is reportedly upset about this deal and wants out of it.

According to Re/code's Kara Swisher, Softbank is saying it's not gaining anything from the deal and the Yahoo brand itself is basically worthless.

 Yahoo Japan gets hardly any benefit from the relationship anymore," a person close to the situation told Swisher.

There's not much Softbank could do to get out of this deal unless it buys back the 35% stake Yahoo US holds in Yahoo Japan.

But SunTrust's Peck noted that the royalty itself could be sold separately, and in that case, Softbank would be first in line to make a bid.

"We've heard that Softbank would be interested in the Yahoo Japan shares as well as this royalty right, but I don t think they re interested in running Yahoo.com," Peck said.

In any case, Peck believes the perpetual royalty clause clarifies what exactly is included in the deal, and could drive up bids for Yahoo's core business. Yahoo has set the first deadline for submitting bids on April 18. Companies and private equity firms like Verizon and TPG are reported to be interested in buying Yahoo's core business, while AT&T, CBS, and Google now look likely to take a pass, according to the New York Times.

Peck believes the core Yahoo business should command at least $6 billion, but the initial bids will be lower, as potential buyers will make lowball offers just to pass the first round of the bidding process. Once they get to the next stage, bids could start rising, especially if there's a group of bidders, he said.

"Based on the upside potential...we think the ultimate winning bids could come back above our range," Peck wrote in last week's note. 
2016-12-06
Yahoo's 2016 Year in Review: Top Searched Celebrities, Most Popular News ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo (YHOO) today announced its annual 2016 Year in Review report. Entering its 15th year, Year in Review offers a detailed look into what intrigued the hearts and minds of millions of users worldwide throughout the year.

What s in a year? 2016 saw the Olympics in Rio, new celeb feuds and unexpected splits, street style taking over the designer runways, Damn Daniel! and his white kicks all capped with a seemingly endless election cycle. Based on interactions with Yahoo, Polyvore, Flickr and Tumblr, here is what captivated the world.

Election Drama and Global Atrocities Dominated Our News Feeds

It s no surprise that the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election and President-elect Donald Trump, were the most searched frontrunners this year. Women also dominated the list with six out of the 10 spots filled with the likes of Gwen Stefani, Jodie Sweetin, Megyn Kelly and the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Kim Kardashian-West took the year off from  Breaking the Internet,  which allowed Khloe, for the first time ever, to beat her sister as most-popular Kardashian on Yahoo. After being on the market for nearly a decade, the ever-popular role-play game, Roblox, also made an appearance on this year s most searched list.

The news stories that grabbed headlines and secured the most page views from Yahoo readers this year reflect 2016 s political landscape, as well as the tragedies and natural disasters that unfolded across the globe.

Top Searches on Yahoo Top News Stories on Yahoo News 1. 2016 Election 1. Election Day 2. Donald Trump 2. Prince s Death 3. Roblox 3. Massacre at Pulse Nightclub 4. Gwen Stefani 4. Deadly Attack in Istanbul 5. 2016 Olympics 5. Hurricane Matthew 6. Khloe Kardashian 6. Baton Rouge Police Shooting 7. Megyn Kelly 7. EgyptAir Flight 804 Debris Located 8. Jodie Sweetin 8. Trump Protests 9. Kim Kardashian-West 9. Clinton Emails 10. Hillary Clinton 10. Presidential Debates

Athleisure, Celeb Feuds and Superheroes Distract Us from the Real World

Polyvore s global community of fashionistas saw athleisure reigning supreme with style staples like Adidas Superstars, Nike Air Max Theas and bomber jackets gracing the top 10 list once again. Formalwear wasn t just left on the red carpet with tulle skirts, cape dresses and gatsby dresses making appearances. To learn more about Polyvore s most popular fashion and beauty moments in 2016 and how to style these must-haves, visit http://blog.polyvore.com/.

Move over Brangelina. Arguably this year s most notable split comes from the music world, with Blake Shelton s former and current leading ladies, Gwen Stefani and Miranda Lambert making Yahoo s top celebrity list. Not to be outdone, Taylor Swift and Katy Perry, and exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez showcase just how buzzy celeb feuds were throughout 2016.

Top Fashion Must-Haves, According to Polyvore Top Celebrities, According to Yahoo 1. adidas Superstar 1. Gwen Stefani 2. Nike Air Max Thea 2. Khloe Kardashian 3. Tulle Skirt 3. Jodie Sweetin 4. Bomber Jacket 4. Kim Kardashian-West 5. Cape Dress 5. Justin Bieber 6. Off Shoulder Tops 6. Taylor Swift 7. Clear Heels 7. Katy Perry 8. Gatsby Dress 8. Miranda Lambert 9. High Neck Swimwear 9. Selena Gomez 10. Faux Fur Coat 10. Gigi Hadid

2016 saw the loss of two music industry revolutionaries, David Bowie and Prince, who both made our top music artists list at No. 1 and 3 respectively. Britney Spears and Lady Gaga both hit the list following the release of their first albums in three years. No music list would be complete without Queen Bey, who rounded out Yahoo s top musicians of the year.

It was clear movie-lovers needed a superhero to get them through 2016; X-Men, Batman, Superman and Captain America graced both the silver screen and the Top Movies list. Other blockbusters on the list included Sci-Fi flicks like Ghostbusters and Suicide Squad.

Top Music Artists, According to Yahoo Music Top Movies, According to Yahoo Movies 1. David Bowie 1. X-Men: Apocalypse 2. Taylor Swift 2. Batman v. Superman 3. Prince 3. Ghostbusters 4. Kanye West 4. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story 5. Tim McGraw 5. Suicide Squad 6. Lady Gaga 6. Captain America: Civil War 7. Britney Spears 7. Alice Through the Looking Glass 8. Randy Travis 8. Jason Bourne 9. Trent Harmon 9. Deadpool 10. Beyonce 10. The Magnificent Seven

Olympics Commands the Sports World

It was a busy year for sports stars. Olympic headlines reached top spots including an old, misinterpreted photo of gymnast Shawn Johnson, the crowd s disapproval of Hope Solo, and the men s USA basketball team s visit to a Brazilian brothel. The tragic losses of boxing legend, Muhammad Ali and young MLB star, Jose Fernandez, also made the top sports moments list.

Top Sports Stories, According to Yahoo Sports 1. Shawn Johnson Explains Iconic Olympic Picture 2. Judo Medalist, Dirk Van Tichelt, Attacked While Celebrating Win 3. Jose Fernandez's Boating Accident and Death 4. Olympic Crowds Boo Hope Solo 5. Padres Infielder, Yangervis Solarte, Wife s Death 6. Michael Jordan Speaks Out on Police Shootings 7. USA Basketball Team Visits a Rio Brothel 8. Muhammad Ali Passes Away at Age 74 9. Kevin Durant Joins the Warriors 10. Ronda Rousey s Notable Loss

Most Interesting Brands? Innovations in Tech Dominate

As the world came to expect, the highly anticipated unveiling of Apple s iPhone 7 and 7 Plus was the top highlight on Yahoo Finance this year. The ever-evolving tech industry saw shakeups, controversies and innovation throughout the year, which pushed Facebook, Twitter, Amazon, Tesla and Alibaba on to this year s buzziest companies list.

Top Companies, According to Yahoo Finance 1. Apple 2. Facebook 3. Twitter 4. Bank of America 5. Amazon 6. Tesla 7. Alibaba 8. Valeant Pharmaceuticals 9. Ford 10. Wells Fargo

Top Photographers Capturing the World Around Us

The Top 25 Flickr photos of 2016 were carefully selected based on engagement and community factors from billions of pictures uploaded this year. Whether in remote natural settings like in the No. 1 photo taken at the Aveiro Lagoon in Portugal or in dense urban centers like in photo No. 9 taken at the Palais du Luxembourg in France, this year s top snaps celebrate the photographer s eye for beauty.

Memes   Ships   Fandoms ...Wha? Tumblr s Top Communities of 2016

Identity was a key theme across the Tumblr community in 2016, which is why it s no surprise that the Top Meme of 2016 was Tag Yourself -- a slew of cute pop-culture references that prompted users to pick a meme they most identified with. Feminism was the most discussed social issue. To learn more about Tumblr s most popular fandoms and trends in 2016, visit tumblr.com/2016.

What do you think of Yahoo s Year in Review? Let us know on social using the hashtag, #Yahoo2016inReview.

About the Yahoo Year in Review Methodology

To develop the Yahoo Year in Review, our editors analyzed Yahoo Search queries and Yahoo Media article readership based on a number of factors, including absolute volume and the growth from previous periods. This is done to see which themes and trends bubble to the surface. Individuals, their Search queries and their readership of articles always remains anonymous. Top searched refers to searches with the highest volume. Top headlines refers to articles and stories with the highest readership.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Chowly, Inc. Expecting Record Growth in 2017 CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - Dec 6, 2016) - Chowly, Inc., a Chicago-based company providing next-generation software for the restaurant industry, is growing at a rapid rate and poised for a breakout year in 2017. Coming off of a recent seed funding round, the restaurant technology startup has expanded their client base internationally, moved into a new 2,000 square foot office space, and scaled their account management and sales teams to keep up with demand. In addition, Chowly recently hired Alisia Kleinmann as Vice-President of Sales, a veteran of the hospitality technology industry. Currently, Chowly is the only company offering a solution to a common pain point for restaurant operators. Their software integrates a restaurant's point of sale (POS) platform with third-party online ordering solutions (TOOS), like GrubHub, Seamless, and Eat24.

The funding round was supported with investments from MATH Venture Partners, Chicago Ventures, M25 Group, and Domenick Montanile, Owner of Venezia's Pizza. The money raised will be used to enhance Chowly's digital marketing strategy and advance their software's efficiencies. Big things are on the horizon at Chowly -- with the expansion of their executive team, closed funding round, and continued growth of their client base, Chowly expects to double the number of employees at the company by the end of 2017.

"I'm extremely excited about the investment group we put together," said Sterling Douglass, CEO at Chowly. "Having such experienced partners gives us a great advantage in getting out ahead of the growing pains that come with such high growth. Domenick has been an awesome partner too and I believe it says something when your own clients want to be part of the company."

In the second half of 2016, Chowly began to add national chains to their client portfolio such as Cottage Inn Pizza and Detroit's very own pizza chain, Jet's Pizza. Chains can further benefit from Chowly's integration as the automated order entry creates cleaner reporting from location to location. This is a big piece of their targeted growth in 2017 as well.

Looking ahead to 2017, Chowly is expected to almost double their current client base through Q1 2017. The projected increase in company size, clients, and revenue can be attributed to recent partnerships that will expand Chowly's solutions to Canada and across numerous countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.

"In 2016, we reached a new company record in sales. However, we will be quickly exceeding those figures in 2017," said partner Brian Duncan. "Not only have we signed a number of key partnerships with Bepoz, Granbury Solutions, and Toast, Inc. but we're also excited about our opportunities to grow globally."

The third-party online ordering solution (TOOS) industry is growing extremely fast with new services starting up every day. Growing the number of POS integrations is key to Chowly's client acquisition strategies, so the company is empowered to invest its new resources from the funding round to continue to give TOOS the tools they need to take advantage of Chowly's integrations.

"With our familiarity in the aggregator space, we know that the problem Chowly is solving is a very real one for restaurants," said Troy Henikoff, Managing Director at MATH Venture Partners. "They have done an amazing job solving this difficult problem and getting real customer traction as a bootstrapped startup. We are excited to help them accelerate this growth with more capital and expertise!"

As the company continues to integrate their software with additional POS platforms, Chowly will also be working with POS resellers. Historically, POS resellers have distributed POS systems to their territories while cashing in on hardware sales and support packages. With a shift in the market to Cloud-based systems with more affordable tablet costs, Chowly will be expanding their reseller program to help distributors create their own profit stream by leveraging their service to existing customers and help them adapt to market trends.

For more information, visit: www.chowlyinc.com.

About Chowly, Inc.

Chowly, Inc. is a technology company created by restaurant professionals for restaurant professionals, providing innovative solutions to connect restaurant point of sale (POS) platforms with a growing network of third-party online ordering solutions (TOOS). Chowly is constantly growing its services to provide TOOS to POS integration services across a number of point of sale platforms. Based in Chicago, Chowly is centrally located to provide excellent service nationwide. For more information, visit: www.chowlyinc.com. Verizon to Sell Data Centers to Equinix for $3.6 Billion Verizon Communications Inc. agreed to sell its data-centers business to Equinix Inc. for $3.6 billion in cash as the company turns its focus to mobile video advertising.

The deal includes 24 facilities across 15 metropolitan markets, according to a statement Tuesday. Equinix, based in Redwood City, California, operates as a real estate investment trust, mostly holding interconnected data centers. With the deal, Equinix now has 175 data centers in 43 markets around the world.

For Verizon, the nation s largest wireless carrier, the deal marks a retreat from the data-centers business five years after it bought Terremark Worldwide Inc. for $1.3 billion. As prospects faded and Verizon invested in more areas like mobile video and advertising, the company decided to put the data-centers unit up for sale about two years ago.

As the telecommunications industry matures, Verizon is shedding assets and turning the business in a new direction. Using go90, its video-streaming business, AOL s web properties and the pending purchase of Yahoo! Inc., Verizon is entering a mobile video and advertising arena to challenge Google and Facebook Inc.

The sale to Equinix, which is expected to close in the middle of next year, would help replenish Verizon s cash after it acquires Yahoo for $4.83 billion and bids for coveted airwaves in a federal auction.

Shares of Verizon rose as much as 1.8 percent to $50.62 in New York Tuesday. Equinix climbed 3.2 percent to $342.81.

After the deal, which includes sites in the U.S., Brazil and Colombia, Verizon will still offer data-center services using Equinix as a partner.

Verizon s advisers were Citigroup Inc. and Guggenheim Partners, with Jones Day providing legal counsel. Equinix was advised by Evercore Partners Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP. Belden Submits Additional Letter to Digi International Inc. Regarding ... ST. LOUIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Belden Inc. (BDC) announced today that it has sent another letter to the Board of Directors of Digi International Inc. (DGII) reiterating its offer to acquire 100% of Digi for $13.82 per share in cash in a transaction valued at approximately $380 million. The acquisition would be fully funded with existing cash reserves and therefore is not subject to any financing contingency.

Since the release of the prior letter on November 11, Digi s management and Board of Directors have remained unwilling to respond or engage in discussions with Belden, despite repeated attempts at outreach. Belden believes that Digi s lack of engagement is to the detriment of Digi s shareholders. Belden believes this proposal to be a full and fair offer, represents a unique opportunity for Digi s shareholders to receive substantial and immediate value that recognizes Digi s strategic worth to Belden, and reflects a significant premium to the value that Digi could achieve on a standalone basis. Belden remains committed to bringing the two companies together and would prefer to execute a negotiated transaction. If Digi continues to ignore Belden s requests for a meeting and/or refuse to engage in any discussions, Belden is prepared to pursue alternative paths to complete a transaction.

The addition of Digi to Belden s Industrial IT platform would create a unique and broad portfolio of wireless and embedded solutions for customers across a number of vertical markets. Further, Digi would benefit from Belden s proven business system which would provide access to new growth markets. Belden and Digi have a history of commercial and technical collaboration, which provides Belden confidence of the strong strategic fit with Digi.

Belden is prepared to meet with Digi immediately to work toward a successful completion of the proposed transaction, and Belden looks forward to working with Digi s management team and Board of Directors to maximize value for all stakeholders. Although there can be no assurances a definitive agreement will be reached between the companies, Belden is committed to pursuing this transaction and will continue to update shareholders as the situation proceeds.

The full text of the letter is included below.

______________________________________________________________________________

December 6, 2016

Board of Directors

Digi International Inc.

11001 Bren Road East

Minnetonka, MN 55343

Attention: Mr. William N. Priesmeyer, Chairman of the Board

Attention: Mr. Ron Konezny, President & Chief Executive Officer

Dear Members of the Board:

We are deeply disappointed and troubled that the Digi Board continues to be unwilling to engage in any discussions regarding our proposed all-cash acquisition of Digi by Belden, which would deliver substantial and immediate value to your shareholders at a highly attractive premium. Indeed, you and Digi s management have refused to respond to our private communications and refused to discuss our offer despite our repeated attempts at dialogue. Furthermore, you have been unwilling to authorize your advisors to meet with our advisors to discuss the terms of a potential transaction.

Since we publicly announced our proposal to acquire Digi, we have spoken with numerous shareholders of both Digi and Belden. We are encouraged by the broad-based support we have received for the proposed transaction. We believe our proposal recognizes the significant strategic value of a combination of Digi with Belden and reflects a significant premium to the value that Digi could achieve on a standalone basis. Your unwillingness to engage with us is particularly surprising in light of the lack of shareholder returns Digi has generated to date as an independent company. Digi s stock price of $11.05 on the day prior to our offer was only 0.2% above Digi s stock price five years earlier. In contrast, the NASDAQ Composite Index has increased 98.4% over this same period.

We are hopeful that our two companies can engage in productive discussions regarding our proposal and it is our preference to proceed with direct bilateral negotiations with you. However, given your lack of engagement and the strong expressions of support we have received from Digi s shareholders, we are prepared to take alternative actions to complete this transaction as necessary.

Read More 
2016-01-28
Yahoo to shut Argentina and Mexico offices A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

Yahoo Inc plans to close its offices in Argentina and Mexico, a company spokeswoman said on Thursday.

The company will maintain its Latin American operations through its teams in Brazil and Coral Gables, Florida.

Yahoo declined to specify how many jobs were affected, but said the offices were "small sales-focused".

Technology news website TechCrunch first reported the closures.

(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Yahoo Should Be Investment Co., Oust Mayer: Shareholders Yahoo Should Be Investment Co., Oust Mayer: Shareholders

Law360, Los Angeles (January 28, 2016, 5:43 PM EST) -- Yahoo Inc.'s $32 billion investment in e-commerce giant Alibaba and other holdings make up so much of the company's value that it should register as an investment company, shareholders said in a California federal suit Wednesday aimed at ousting CEO Marissa Mayer and the company's entire board.



The investment securities held by Yahoo make up about 90 percent of the company's value and have long been a focus of the company's management, rather than its core search business, UFCW Local 1500 Pension Fund said in its...

To view the full article, register now. Two-Person Board Committees Exist at Some Big Firms A two-person board committee? They exist even at some of America s biggest companies.

The committees that figure out the pay for top executives at Yahoo Inc. and Alphabet Inc., the parent of Google, have only two board members. That s also true for the committees that recommend new directors for Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. and Netflix Inc.

A two-member committee  is out of step with how other boards operate,   says Michelle... 
2016-06-17
Yahoo Is Duping Its Shareholders  Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Stumbled After Secret Truce With Investor After weeks of negotiations, Yahoo Inc. Chief Executive Marissa Mayer struck a secret truce in April 2015 with the activist investor who was threatening a battle for boardroom seats at the troubled internet company.

Ms. Mayer and her executive team agreed to be more mindful about Yahoo s rising costs. In return, the activist investor, Starboard Value LP CEO Jeffrey Smith, agreed to withdraw his board nominations. The talks haven t... Yahoo Appoints IMS as Sales Partner in Spanish-Speaking Latin America SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has appointed IMS Internet Media Services (IMS), a joint venture with Sony Pictures Television and a leading digital marketing and communications company, to help drive advertising sales in Spanish-speaking Latin America.

Yahoo drives value for advertisers in Latin America by helping them engage with consumers online through the combination of data, content and technology. Fusing valuable data insights from 165 billion daily data events, Yahoo provides high-value, high-performing solutions to help advertisers target, reach and engage relevant audiences.

The core offerings IMS will provide on behalf of Yahoo to clients in Latin America include:

High-impact premium formats: includes Yahoo Homepage, along with leading news, sports, finance and lifestyle properties, for brand building and content marketing.

includes Yahoo Homepage, along with leading news, sports, finance and lifestyle properties, for brand building and content marketing. Audience display and video: leverage Yahoo s rich data set and sophisticated targeting solutions to reach more relevant audiences across Yahoo sites and apps, and third-party inventory.

leverage Yahoo s rich data set and sophisticated targeting solutions to reach more relevant audiences across Yahoo sites and apps, and third-party inventory. Native advertising through Yahoo Gemini: tap into the fast-growing native ad format to reach target audiences seamlessly across devices.

tap into the fast-growing native ad format to reach target audiences seamlessly across devices. Programmatic advertising through BrightRoll: drive efficient programmatic buying to connect with consumers across ad formats and devices.

 We are excited to partner with IMS based on their leadership, sales expertise, and their deep understanding of the Latin American digital media landscape,  says Armando Rodriguez, Yahoo s Vice President, Latin America & US Hispanic.  Latin America is an important market for Yahoo and we are committed to helping advertisers leverage our ad platforms and data to effectively reach their marketing objectives. 

 We are delighted to partner with Yahoo, such an iconic digital player, throughout Spanish-speaking Latin America. Yahoo's premium content and data-driven audience solutions drive relevance for advertisers throughout the region,  said Gast n Taratuta, CEO, Founder and Partner for IMS.

Yahoo joins IMS  roster of international brand leaders such as Twitch, EA, Vevo, Foursquare, Twitter, Waze, Spotify and LinkedIn.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

About IMS

IMS Internet Media Services (IMS), a joint venture with Sony Pictures Television, is a leading digital marketing and communications company that partners with fast-moving businesses seeking to expand into and within Latin America. IMS helps brands reach new levels of engagement and grow within the region through our exclusive ecosystem of commercial partnerships, creative and content solutions, and media investment and management services. Leading brands such as Twitch, EA, Foursquare, LinkedIn, Spotify, Twitter, Vevo and Waze have partnered exclusively with IMS to strengthen their presence in Latin America. IMS is headquartered in Miami, with offices in Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Colombia, Chile, Panam , Peru, Ecuador, Guatemala, Costa Rica and Uruguay.

www.imscorporate.com The Biggest Moments Of 2016's Proxy Season The Biggest Moments Of 2016's Proxy Season

Law360, New York (June 17, 2016, 2:27 PM EDT) -- Proxy season is winding down, and while the jury is still out on a few contests, many boards of directors have already either beat or found middle ground with the activists   or other companies   targeting them.



Several companies held their ground this year, with a handful turning to the courts to prevent an activist from carrying out its campaign. Others have opted to settle instead of waging a lengthy battle, leading to fresh faces on boards, buyout offers and even the ousting of a CEO. ...

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-06-29
Yahoo Slams Cellphone Users In 'Welcome Text' TCPA Suit Yahoo Slams Cellphone Users In 'Welcome Text' TCPA Suit

Law360, New York (June 29, 2016, 4:56 PM EDT) -- Yahoo wants an Illinois federal court to toss a class action filed by cellphone users alleging the tech giant violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act by sending unsolicited texts, arguing Tuesday the one-time messages didn't harm anyone and contained instructions on how to block further communication from the company.



In its motion to dismiss the case, Yahoo argued plaintiff Rachel Johnson hasn t provided key pieces of evidence required under the U.S. Supreme Court s recent Spokeo decision as grounds to sue. Yahoo said Johnson hasn't shown how...

To view the full article, register now. How data analysis opened up new possibilities for Yahoo Mail | #HS16SJ There are some who say e-mail is dying, but is it true? Certainly, as technology advances, there are more ways than ever to connect and send messages that don t rely on traditional e-mail servers. However, Peter Monaco, VP of Engineering for Communications Products at Yahoo, Inc., argued that instead of dying out, e-mail is transforming. As today s keynote speaker at Hadoop Summit in San Jose, California, he had some insights into the future of e-mail.

There are two main kinds of e-mail messages, Monaco said. The first kind is personal and involves correspondence with people you actually know. The second is business-related and can include purchases made online, newsletters and promotions. While it s true that the former is diminishing, with people preferring to send messages via text message or the various different apps available, people still use e-mail for business all the time. Perhaps even more so now, with more people than ever relying on e-mail for transactions instead of phone conversations.

Notifications for interactions with real people

But for those times you do correspond with a real human being, wouldn t it be nice to get a notification, so you don t have to keep checking and refreshing your inbox? And not have to worry that when you do get a notification, it s simply regarding a shoe sale? This is a new feature that Yahoo has been working on. Knowing that no one would use such a feature if they got too many notifications about promotional e-mails or newsletters, Yahoo has been testing different ways they could offer such a tool.

First it tried looking at e-mail addresses themselves, but that didn t work. There was no way for an algorithm to tell the difference between an address such as john@amazon.com and borders@amazon.com. There wasn t anything in the syntax of the addresses themselves that would reveal if someone was a human or a bot. So the company turned to a new methodology.

Using the data set to understand user behavior

Yahoo s next tactic, which has been proven to be much more successful, was to look at the behavior of each e-mail address. By looking at how many messages a given e-mail address sends, receives, replies to, forwards, or even how many URLs can usually be found in its outgoing messages, it becomes a little bit clearer whether or not it is an actual human being.

While this method is successful, it is also harder to do. It takes a lot of data analyzation to get results, and there is so much data in Yahoo mail. On a daily basis, Monaco estimated they go through 4 billion messages, and if you add spam onto that, it s 10 times as much. All in all, it equals about 30 terabytes of data a day. In addition to that daily deluge, they wanted to look at the history as well.  Even for Yahoo it s a big dataset,  said Monaco.

Protection of customer information

Monaco hastened to add that there is also extreme control of access to all the files, with only a small select few being able to sort through it. In addition, all of these employees who are allowed access understand that were they to download the data onto a personal device or do any other unauthorized action, they would be terminated.

Compressing the data for manageability

In order to process such a huge amount of data, Yahoo had to do some optimization. One method it used was compression. First, just by eliminating things like attachments from the dataset, it had a 6X compression. However, it took it a step further by grouping e-mails from similar sources.

Facebook alone was responsible for 23 percent of it, said Monaco. So by identifying patterns in addresses and clustering them together, the Yahoo employees were able to compress it even further, from the initial 6X down to 9X.

Cultivating a better user experience

They are working on another similar feature called smart files, which would run clustering algorithms, find e-mails that are similar, combine them within a cluster, and then attach them to specific folders, such as  Travel.  Then the user would be able to easily access similar messages and find the information they need.

It is certainly bring to mind how much work goes into one feature. But the work is well worth it to design a system that works better for what the user wants.  The dataset is very useful for us. We learn about each user s behavior, which helps us to provide them with a better experience,  Monaco said.

Watch the entire keynote video below, and be sure to check out more of SiliconANGLE and theCUBE s coverage of the Hadoop Summit US.

Photo by Hadoop Summit keynote Time Inc. CEO: 'I hadn't even gone to the MySpace website before we bought the ...  Airbnb's legal argument: Don't hold us accountable for the actions of our hosts When Congress created the Communications Decency Act 20 years ago, it was meant to help make the web economy possible by shielding Internet companies from the actions of their users.

It meant if someone tried to sell a counterfeit purse on eBay, eBay wouldn t owe Louis Vuitton anything. If someone posted a hateful message on a Geocities website, Geocities wouldn t be on the hook for a defamation lawsuit.

As long as these Internet companies behaved as intermediaries that simply hosted user content   with the exception of certain criminal claims, such as child pornography   they were protected.

Now Airbnb Inc. says it should be protected, too.

The company filed a lawsuit on Monday against its home city of San Francisco, alleging a new ordinance that would fine short-term rental firms for not proactively removing unregistered property listings from their websites and apps violates the Communications Decency Act, the Stored Communications Act and the 1st Amendment.

Though it might seem strange for Internet companies to get a free pass when their users break the law en masse, legal experts have described Airbnb s invocation of the Communications Decency Act, or CDA, as a  slam dunk  because the act is so expansive.

It s the reason web forums, review sites and social media companies can exist without fear of being sued for what their users post, according to Gautam Hans, director of the Center for Democracy & Technology, and it s a defense frequently used by companies such as Google and Facebook.

 Someone might file a defamation lawsuit against them for something a user wrote, and the company counters with Section 230 of the CDA,  Hans said. "Many private individuals don t know about its existence."

In Airbnb s case, the short-term rental giant is arguing that although some people might be breaking the law by listing property on Airbnb without first registering with the city, Airbnb isn t responsible   and can t be held accountable   for what people decide to list on its platform.

See the most-read stories this hour >>

And its odds of winning are high, said Daphne Keller, director of intermediary liability at Stanford University s Center for Internet and Society, who said many companies have successfully used the CDA as a defense.

One of the first high-profile cases came in the late  90s   Zeran vs. American Online, Inc.   in which Kenneth Zeran sued AOL for negligence after the Internet company did not immediately remove messages anonymously posted to its bulletin board that made it look like Zeran was a supporter of the Oklahoma City bombing.

The U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of AOL.

In 2009, Yahoo Inc. was sued by Cecilia Barnes, alleging the company failed to remove fake accounts created by Barnes  ex-boyfriend that purported to be hers.

The Communications Decency Act is the reason many tech companies can exist without fear of being sued for what their users post, one expert says.

The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of Yahoo.

But although the examples of companies successfully using the CDA are many, the act doesn t give Internet firms carte blanche.

One of the best-known cases in which an Internet company failed using the act in a defense was the Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley vs. Roommates.com. The council sued the roommate-matching website for violating the Fair Housing Act, alleging it allowed users to discriminate through the website s questionnaires.

In this case, the company was on the hook not because its users had posted discriminatory content, but because the site itself made it mandatory for users to submit information about their gender, sexual orientation and parental status   information that could have facilitated discrimination on the platform. As such, the court determined that the company was fair game.

Though Roommates.com eventually prevailed in the lawsuit, it did so without CDA immunity.

Airbnb s circumstances are different from Roommates.com s, because the latter was accused of facilitating discrimination through a mandatory feature, and Airbnb is under pressure from the city to police its listings and remove any that have not been registered with the city.

Under city ordinance, Airbnb hosts are expected to provide their short-term rental permit number on their listing. Airbnb argues that that is the user s responsibility, not Airbnb s.

Airbnb s invocations of the Stored Communications Act and the 1st Amendment are smaller claims, but their use by tech companies is not unheard of, either.

Google, for example, has invoked its 1st Amendment rights   which protects freedom of speech   in search-ranking cases in which plaintiffs have accused the search giant of demoting their ranking.

Numerous tech firms have refused to hand over user data unless cities and state agencies first obtain a subpoena or go through an established legal process.

 I suspect part of the reason Airbnb is doing this is because San Francisco is a prominent city for them,  Hans said of the lawsuit.  They want to make sure other cities don t do the same thing."

tracey.lien@latimes.com

Twitter: @traceylien

MORE BUSINESS NEWS

Uber plans to track drivers who speed, slam the brakes or cut corners

First audit in 20 years finds a lot wrong with the agency that regulates your utilities

Toyota recalls more than 3 million cars over air bags and emissions controls 
2016-06-20
Yahoo Expands Content Marketing Offerings with Yahoo Storytellers SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) announced today the launch of Yahoo Storytellers, a full service content marketing studio for brands and agencies that leverages Yahoo s editorial expertise, extensive data, and native advertising through Yahoo Gemini. Now marketers can leverage Yahoo Storytellers to successfully develop, distribute and measure premium branded content that meets consumers  high expectations and drives engagement.

 Content marketing continues to be an area of growth for brands and agencies, but they need a better way to create compelling content that s informed by data and reaches the right audience. That s where Yahoo Storytellers comes in,  said Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Revenue Officer, Yahoo.  At Yahoo we re focused on bringing our users the best content available online across our news, sports, finance and lifestyle verticals, and now we re helping our advertisers develop branded content that is even more effective and data-driven. 

Yahoo Storytellers offers advertisers a full suite of capabilities to build successful content marketing strategies, including: content consulting services and curriculum-based workshops, development of premium video and a full range of editorial content, influencer activations across social platforms, and partnership extensions.

Yahoo Storytellers is based on the powerful combination of content, data and technology. With more than 165 billion daily data signals, Yahoo helps brands identify consumer insights and inform what type of content opportunities they should pursue to reach their target audience. Yahoo s custom content studio produces premium content for brands, by tapping into leading journalists and Hollywood-pedigree creators. Yahoo is partnering with top creators including Believe Entertainment Group, Endemol Shine Beyond, Trium-INE Entertainment and many others. With Yahoo s full suite of ad formats and technology platforms, especially native advertising through Yahoo Gemini and content platforms like Tumblr, brands can deliver engaging content at scale to the right audience and in the most relevant environment.

 As one of the original digital storytellers, Yahoo s history in identifying opportunities and creating dynamic stories for brands and audiences alike is extraordinary," said Bonnie Pan, President, Endemol Shine Beyond, USA. "We are thrilled to leverage our expertise as a global production company in partnership with Yahoo to bring relevant stories to the right audiences across Yahoo's platform."

Brands including Dasani, Farmers Insurance, JetBlue and many others have partnered with Yahoo on content marketing efforts. JetBlue worked with Yahoo on a recent content marketing effort that resulted in over 3 million views of their native video ads, 31 million social media impressions, and 27% of people who viewed the JetBlue posts engaging with them.

 Working with Yahoo, we have been able to give people a new way to experience our brand, while driving meaningful results,  said Leesa Eichberger, head of brand marketing, Farmers Insurance.  We look forward to working with Yahoo Storytellers to further develop content that will be useful and engaging to consumers. 

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo and Yahoo Finance are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc.

All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. 
2016-10-10
Yahoo disables automatic email forwarding feature: Associated Press Never miss a great news story!

Get instant notifications from Economic Times

AllowNot now

You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. Another Man Has Accused Yahoo of Reverse Discrimination LexisNexis  is now the exclusive third party online distributor of the broad collection of current and archived versions of ALM's legal news publications. LexisNexis  customers will be able to access and use ALM's content by subscribing to the LexisNexis  services via Lexis Advance . This includes content from the National Law Journal , The American Lawyer , Law Technology News , The New York Law Journal  and Corporate Counsel , as well as ALM's other newspapers, directories, legal treatises, published and unpublished court opinions, and other sources of legal information.

ALM's content plays a significant role in your work and research, and now through this alliance LexisNexis  will bring you access to an even more comprehensive collection of legal content.

For questions call 1-877-256-2472 or contact us at customercare@alm.com 
2016-06-28
Yahoo shareholders eager to see company sold Yahoo shareholders eager to see company sold





















Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 1 of / 6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 FILE - This Jan. 14, 2015, file photo shows a sign outside Yahoo's headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif. Yahoo is hoping to sell most of its technology patents as part of a purge that also could culminate in the sale of its Internet operations. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) less FILE - This Jan. 14, 2015, file photo shows a sign outside Yahoo's headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif. Yahoo is hoping to sell most of its technology patents as part of a purge that also could culminate in the ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 2 of 6 Buy photo Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer during the the Yahoo Mobile Device Conference at the Masonic Center on Thurs. February 18, 2016, in San Francisco, California. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer during the the Yahoo Mobile Device Conference at the Masonic Center on Thurs. February 18, 2016, in San Francisco, California. Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 3 of 6 Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer delivers the keynote address Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016, at the Yahoo Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer delivers the keynote address Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016, at the Yahoo Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Photo: Eric Risberg, AP Image 4 of 6 Image 5 of 6 Image 6 of 6 Buy photo A Yahoo ad sits at the exit of Interstate 880 and 5th Street in San Francisco, California, on Tuesday, July 14, 2015. A Yahoo ad sits at the exit of Interstate 880 and 5th Street in San Francisco, California, on Tuesday, July 14, 2015. Photo: Brandon Chew, The Chronicle Buy this photo Yahoo shareholders eager to see company sold 1 / 6 Back to Gallery

Yahoo shareholders are eager for the struggling tech giant to sell its Internet properties so they can reap their gains, cut their losses   or just move on.

CEO Marissa Mayer will host Yahoo s annual shareholder meeting   possibly its last ever, as well as hers as CEO   on Thursday afternoon in Santa Clara. Shareholders are expected to approve Yahoo management s recommended slate of directors for its board, including four members put forward by New York hedge fund Starboard Value, which has been pushing for Yahoo to sell its Internet properties.

TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters

 There is tremendous amount of shareholder pressure to consummate the sale,  said Christopher Marangi, a co-chief investment officer at GAMCO Investors Inc., which owns roughly 2 million Yahoo shares.  At the price being discussed, a sale seems the most likely option. 

Several companies, including telecom giants Verizon and AT&T and private equity firms, are rumored to be potential bidders on Yahoo. Many analysts believe Yahoo could fetch at least $4 billion for its core business, a set of websites and mobile apps that include Yahoo-branded news, sports and finance sites, as well as other properties like Tumblr, a blogging service, and Flickr, a photo-sharing site.

While the current sale process focuses on those well-known consumer properties, most of Yahoo s worth to investors comes from Yahoo s stakes in Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba and the separately traded Yahoo Japan. If Yahoo is able to sell its Internet properties, real estate and patents, what would be left would largely consist of its Asian investments, which it could then find a way to hand back to shareholders.

Selling Yahoo s core business could have larger ramifications for the Bay Area, as analysts expect some buyers will likely cut jobs at the Sunnyvale firm. Verizon, seen as a frontrunner to buying Yahoo, isn t interested in the firm s real estate, according to the Wall Street Journal. The company is Sunnyvale s third largest employer, and already, some local businesses are expecting a hit if Yahoo moves elsewhere.

Stream of CEOs

Some say Yahoo s fall dates back to 2007, when it became clear that Yahoo s Web search and online advertising tools would never catch up with Google. Over the years, the company has had a revolving door of CEOs   all of them  incredibly accomplished, successful, determined executives,  said Victor Anthony, an equity analyst with Axiom Capital Management.  Not one of them have succeeded at turning around the asset, Marissa Mayer included. 

Mayer, a former Google executive, was brought in to lead Yahoo in 2012. Robert Peck, managing director of Internet equity research at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, said investors don t expect Mayer will stay in her job after a sale. Mayer s strategy to turn around Yahoo was to staff up on engineers who would improve the company s Web and mobile products. That, she believed, would grow Yahoo s audience and ultimately bring in more ad dollars.

It had mixed results. Under Mayer s leadership, Yahoo spent more than $2.3 billion on acquiring promising businesses to help bring in talented people and technology, but some analysts say they haven t seen enough of a return on that investment.

 You can see it hasn t been successful,  Peck said.

Ken Goldman, Yahoo s chief financial officer, called the process of reviewing potential bids for Yahoo robust. The company began exploring a sale of its core business in February.

 It s our collective goal that we find a way that wherever this ends up, that ultimately Yahoo will do better with the benefit of however it goes than staying independent as we have,  Goldman said in May at a JPMorgan conference.

Last shareholder meeting

Some shareholders, like Eric Jackson, managing director of SpringOwl Asset Management, want to speed it up.

 The sale process is slower than we would like, but definitely seems to be moving in the right direction,  Jackson said.

Some analysts expect Yahoo could announce a sale as early as July, making Thursday s event Yahoo s last annual shareholder meeting. Investors will be called to a separate gathering to approve a sale.

A Yahoo spokeswoman said the meeting would be closed to the public, though there will be a webcast available.

Meanwhile, investors are growing less and less sentimental about Yahoo s fate.

 I prefer the entity that pays the most,  said GAMCO s Marangi.

Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee FLIR Systems Acquires Armasight, Inc. for $41 Million  
2016-03-23
Yahoo Ad Revenue to Drop Nearly 14% This Year While digital ad revenues continue to grow for Facebook and Google, they will fall considerably for Yahoo this year, according to eMarketer s latest ad spending forecast.

Yahoo s worldwide net digital ad revenues will fall 13.9% this year to $2.83 billion, from $3.28 billion in 2015. That means its share of the overall digital ad market will fall to 1.5%, from 2.1% last year.

Meanwhile Google, which dominates the global digital ad market, will grow net ad revenues by 9.0% this year and Facebook will grow net ad revenues by 31.0%.

Both search and display ad revenues for Yahoo will drop by double-digit percentages this year.

Its display business will shrink 15.1% to $1.41 billion, while its search business will shrink 12.7% to $1.41 billion.

Since its Q3 2015 forecast, eMarketer has adjusted Yahoo's share of the worldwide display ad business down to 1.7%, from 2.0%.

Similarly, eMarketer reduced its projections for Yahoo s share of the global search market to 1.6%, from 2.1%.

 As Yahoo trims down its legacy business to focus on its so-called MAVENs, we expect the company to shrink in size relative to its competitors,  said eMarketer senior forecasting analyst Mart n Utreras.  A leaner Yahoo, more focused on its core growing segments, will still face stiff competition in an ever more crowded and sophisticated market. 

The one area of growth for Yahoo is mobile. Its worldwide mobile ad business will grow 24.5% this year to $1.31 billion. Yet as rivals Google and Facebook grow by larger percentages, Yahoo s share of the mobile market will continue to shrink to 1.3%, from 1.5% last year. 
2016-12-12
Yahoo to Defend Massive Data Breach on Home Court Bloomberg Law: Privacy & Data Security brings you single-source access to the expertise of Bloomberg Law s privacy and data security editorial team, contributing practitioners,...

By Daniel R. Stoller

Dec. 8   Yahoo! Inc. will be defending multidistrict consumer data breach claims in its home territory in the federal trial court based in Silicon Valley ( In re Yahoo Customer Data Sec. Breach Litig. , J.P.M.L., No. No, 2752, transfer order 12/7/16 ).

The U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation assigned Judge Lucy Koh of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California to hear the 14 consolidated consumer litigation suits from around the country. Koh has been viewed as a Silicon Valley stalwart, who has been able to navigate some of the trickier tech sector cases.

Getting the case in front of such an experienced and tech-savvy judge is an important development. Koh has handled large-scale litigation involving most of Silicon Valley s well known tech Goliaths, including Alphabet Inc.'s Google, LinkedIn Corp. and Facebook Inc.

The Yahoo case stems from massive data breach that impacted over 500 million accounts. Yahoo, which reported the breach in September, had known about it as early as 2014. The breach also called into question a pending $4.8 billion merger between Verizon Communications Corp. and Yahoo.

Besides the multidistrict litigation, there are cases stemming from the Yahoo breach pending in state and international courts.

Queen of Silicon Valley

Koh, the first Korean-American district court judge, was nominated this year by President Barack Obama to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit after six years on the federal district bench. It is unlikely she ll be confirmed by the current Congress, and it is unclear if she would be renominated by President-elect Donald Trump.

Among her many accomplishments on the bench, Koh has presided over countless internet privacy cases, such as trying to reconcile federal wiretap laws written in the landline-phone era with users  concerns about how companies collect, use, store and eventually monetize consumer data. Lawyers and scholars have previously said that no other judge has broken so much ground in this area.

Koh has been overseeing a court battle between Google and teachers, students and other consumers who alleged the internet-search giant intercepted, scanned and processed e-mails sent or received from a student or faculty account to develop tailored profiles for commercial purposes and without consent. Google settled Nov. 29 with non-users affected by the alleged scanning and have previously settled with consumers on the matter.

Additionally, she has presided over some of the tech sector s most influential cases including the two trials between Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics co. over smartphone patents. One of the Apple-Samsung cases, was recently remanded back to the U.S. Circuit Court for the Ninth Circuit for further litigation.

To contact the reporter on this story: Daniel R. Stoller in Washington at dStoller@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Donald Aplin at daplin@bna.com

For More Information Full text of the transfer order is available at http://www.bloomberglaw.com/public/document/IN_RE_Yahoo_Inc_Customer_Data_Security_Breach_Litigation_Docket_N/2.

Copyright   2016 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Fiserv to Acquire Online Banking Solutions, Inc. BROOKFIELD, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Fiserv, Inc. (FISV), a leading global provider of financial services technology solutions, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Atlanta-based Online Banking Solutions, Inc. (OBS). Through this acquisition, Fiserv will gain additional cash management and digital business banking capabilities, which complement and enrich its existing solutions.

 Financial institutions are increasingly focused on deepening relationships with commercial customers,  said Jeffery Yabuki, President and Chief Executive Officer, Fiserv.  The addition of Online Banking Solutions  technologies further enables Fiserv clients to provide greater value to their commercial customers through sophisticated cash management solutions when and where they need them. 

OBS offers a modern cash management platform with the user experience and functionality that sophisticated business users expect. Its cash management capabilities are designed for digital channels, have easy-to-use interfaces and enable notification and authentication via smartphones, tablets and wearable devices. A single platform facilitates a unified experience across multiple devices, while integrated security and analytics offer enhanced fraud prevention. In addition to cash management, OBS provides a secure browser that functions as a secure, convenient gateway to applications provided by financial institutions to their commercial customers.

OBS received the  Up-And-Comer Award  in the Aite Group U.S. Cash Management Vendor Evaluation 2016.

OBS products are currently integrated across a number of Fiserv solutions and with other core processing platforms. OBS product integration is currently available across Fiserv core account processing platforms such as Signature , Premier  and Cleartouch , and post-closing will include DNA .

 Our relationship with Fiserv is already established through our activities with several mutual clients,  said Dan Myers, CEO, Online Banking Solutions.  Joining Fiserv allows us to create new opportunities for our associates and to broaden the reach of our leading solutions to more banks and credit unions, ultimately enabling them to better serve their commercial customers. 

The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close before the end of 2016. Financial terms have not been disclosed.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the expected timing of the transaction. Forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. The factors that may adversely impact the anticipated outcomes include, among others: the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the transaction agreement; conditions to the completion of the transaction may not be satisfied on the terms expected or on the anticipated schedule; the benefits of the transaction may be different than currently anticipated; and other factors identified in Fiserv filings with the SEC from time to time, including those in its annual report on Form 10-K. You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements, and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Fiserv assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release.

About Fiserv

Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) enables clients to achieve best-in-class results by driving quality and innovation in payments, processing services, risk and compliance, customer and channel management, and business insights and optimization. For more than 30 years, Fiserv has been a global leader in financial services technology. Fiserv is a FORTUNE 500 company and in 2016 was honored to be named a FORTUNE magazine's World's Most Admired Company for the third consecutive year. In 2015 the company was recognized among Forbes magazine's America's Best Employers. For more information, visit Fiserv.com.

FISV-G

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161212005637/en/ World First USA, Inc. Joins Forces with Rakuten.com AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

World First USA, Inc. (World First), a global leader in the international payments industry, and Rakuten.com, one of the world s largest e-commerce marketplaces, today announced a partnership that brings foreign currency exchange services to their community of online merchants.

As part of the agreement with the Austin-based international payments company, World First will provide exchange services in 140 currencies and 45 countries worldwide for Rakuten.com sellers, who will also have direct access to the benefits of World First s award-winning customer support.

 It s a great time for buyers and sellers to engage on a truly global marketplace that s experiencing tremendous growth,  said Seth Harvey, Head of Global Partnerships at World First.  The goal of this partnership is for Rakuten to benefit from World First s global footprint, enable its merchant network to save on expensive currency transfers, and allow Rakuten to grow its customer base in a competitive e-commerce industry. 

Rakuten.com merchants can now start selling their wares on the marketplace and work with World First to open a U.S. receiving account, allowing for them to easily transfer funds back to their domestic currency.

 Our primary goal is to ensure that the buyer and seller have the most optimal experience possible on our marketplace,  said Drew Rifkin, Director Strategic Partnerships and Sales at Rakuten.com.

About World First

World First is a market-leading, rapidly-growing international FinTech business. Specializing in international currencies and money transfer, World First combines specialist knowledge of foreign exchange markets with technological innovation to help individuals and businesses manage cross-border currency payments quickly, securely and transparently. A specialist alternative to traditional banks  generalist approach, World First has successfully exchanged more than $35bn for more than 100,000 individuals and businesses since 2004. World First employs over 600 people across six international offices of London, Sydney, Austin, Amsterdam, Singapore and Hong Kong with plans for further expansion into new countries.

About Rakuten

Rakuten.com is a US based e-commerce site that connects customers and merchants in a dynamic marketplace and thinks of shopping as entertainment offering sharing and discovery functions, great prices, fun experiences and convenience. Rakuten.com provides over 22 million products in 24 categories and includes a network of over thousands of small and large business shop owners. Rakuten.com was founded as Buy.com in 1997 and acquired by Rakuten Inc. in May 2010.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161212005674/en/ Medovex Corp. Completes Sale of Assets of Streamline, Inc. to Skytron, LLC ATLANTA, GA--(Marketwired - Dec 12, 2016) - Medovex Corp. ( NASDAQ : MDVX ), a developer of medical technology products, today announced that it has successfully completed the sale of substantially all of the assets of Streamline , Inc. to Skytron , LLC.

Specific details of the completed sale of Streamline to Skytron are set forth in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed today by Medovex with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The sale proceeds will continue to be used to fund Medovex's general operating needs, including ongoing development of its patented DenerveX  System, which is designed to provide longer lasting relief of pain associated with the facet joint. Lower back pain is the second most common cause of disability in the U.S. for adults. Studies indicate that 10% of the U.S. adult population suffers from lower back pain and that 31% of lower back pain is attributed to facet joint pain.

Jarret Gorlin, Medovex's Chief Executive Officer, stated, "We're pleased to have successfully closed the sale of Streamline to Skytron. These proceeds, when combined with the additional $1 million investment made earlier this week by our Co-founder, Steve Gorlin, VP of Business Development, Jesse Crowne, and another private investor, will help complement our balance sheet and better position us for future growth."

Medovexs DenerveX System consists of the DenerveX Rotational Ablation Denervation Device Kit, a single use medical device and the DenerveX Pro-40 Power Generator, both designed to be less invasive with faster recovery time than current surgical treatment options. It consists of two procedures combined into one device and is expected to provide for a longer lasting treatment solution while offering potential savings to the health care system. DenerveX System is not yet CE marked or FDA cleared and is not yet commercially available.

About Medovex

Medovex was formed to acquire and develop a diversified portfolio of potentially ground breaking medical technology products. Criteria for selection include those products with potential for significant improvement in the quality of patient care combined with cost effectiveness. The company's first pipeline product, the DenerveX device, is intended to provide long lasting relief from pain associated with facet joint syndrome at significantly less cost than currently available options. To learn more about the company, visit its website at www.medovex.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

Certain statements in this press release constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Words such as "may," "might," "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "continue," "predict," "forecast," "project," "plan," "intend" or similar expressions, or statements regarding intent, belief, or current expectations, are forward-looking statements. While Medovex believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on any such forward-looking statements, which are based on information available to us on the date of this release. These forward looking statements are based upon current estimates and assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those set forth in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Thus, actual results could be materially different. Medovex expressly disclaims any obligation to update or alter statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
2016-01-09
Yahoo Reconsidering Selling Internet Business Instead Of Spinoff: Report Web search engine Yahoo Inc. is considering selling its core internet business under pressure from activist shareholders, Bloomberg reported Friday, citing unnamed sources. The change in the company's stance comes barely a month after it proposed spinning off its internet business into a new company.

The decision to sell has not yet been made by the company, and it hasn t contacted any potential buyers or asked a bank to start the official process, the sources told Bloomberg, adding that the spinoff announcement made by CEO Marissa Mayer last month was a strategic move to buy time in which Yahoo could be made more attractive to potential buyers.

According to Bloomberg Intelligence, Yahoo s main business is considered to be  worth zero or less  by investors. The company has a market value of about $29 billion, which includes a $27.7 billion stake in Alibaba Group Holding and a $7.96 billion stake in Yahoo Japan Corp.

Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

Photo: Getty Images/AFP/KAREN BLEIER Previous Next

Yahoo Chairman Maynard Webb said last month, when the spinoff was announced:  We believe that the business remains very undervalued, and we are focused on realizing and unlocking that value, both with separating our assets the way we are talking about, and also working on transforming our operational businesses. 

Activist investor Starboard Value LP has been increasing pressure on the company and earlier this week, asked Yahoo to make changes to its management, board and business strategy.

A number of companies are reportedly interested in buying Yahoo s assets. The most clear sign of interest was from Verizon Communications, whose Chief Financial Officer Francis Shammo said last month:  If Yahoo is right, we might look at it.  
2016-09-22
Yahoo Inc. Confirms Data From 'At Least 500 Million' Users Was Stolen Yahoo Inc. Confirms Data From 'At Least 500 Million' Users Was Stolen

Providing details on a large hacking case, Yahoo says it believes "information associated with at least 500 million user accounts was stolen." The company says its investigation suggests the stolen data doesn't include payment and bank account information, which it says are stored in a different system.

Yahoo suspects that a "state-sponsored actor" performed the hack, stealing users' account information from the company network late in 2014.

That account information could include users' names, emails, phone numbers, and dates of birth, Yahoo says. In some cases, log-in security questions and answers were also stolen. The company has published an FAQ page about the security problems.

An investigation into the hack is ongoing, Yahoo says in a message about the hack, adding that it's notifying users who may have been affected and is taking steps to secure those accounts. The company says it's using email to notify those who were potentially affected; it's also urging users to change their passwords.

Confirmation of the hack comes nearly two months after Verizon announced plans to buy Yahoo for some $4.8 billion in cash.

Today, Verizon says: Could Yahoo Hack Impact Verizon Deal? NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

06:48 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) Imperva Said to Draw Acquisition Interest From Cisco, IBM Imperva Inc., the security-software company working with Qatalyst Partners to find a buyer, has drawn interest from companies including Cisco Systems Inc. and International Business Machines Corp., people with knowledge of the matter said.

Forcepoint, jointly owned by private equity firm Vista Equity Partners and Raytheon Co., also is interested in acquiring Imperva, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Bids are due in about two weeks, one person said.

Imperva climbed less than 1 percent to $43.39 Thursday in New York, giving it a market value of about $1.4 billion. The shares jumped as much as 17 percent in after-hours trading.

Last month, Imperva said it hired boutique M&A advisory firm Qatalyst to perform a  comprehensive review of strategic alternatives  after being targeted by activist investor Elliott Management Corp.

Imperva, based in Redwood Shores, California, supplies threat detection, breach prevention and other data-protection products for industries including health care, financial services and for the government. Akamai Technologies Inc., based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Sunnyvale, California-based Fortinet Inc. also have held discussions with Imperva, the people said.

A spokesman for Imperva declined to comment. Representatives for Armonk, New York-based IBM, San Jose, California-based Cisco, Akamai and Fortinet all declined to comment. A representative of Forcepoint didn t immediately respond to an e-mailed request for comment.

Network Security

Under Chief Executive Officer Chuck Robbins, Cisco is trying to reshape its product offering to meet the changing demands of computer networking. Network security is one of the key components of his strategy to better align offerings to customers who are increasingly using the cloud over fixed hardware and software.

Security software has also been one of IBM s newer focuses in its efforts to seek fresh areas of growth amid declines in other businesses. IBM has previously made a number of acquisitions to bolster its security offerings, including Resilient Systems Inc. in April. IBM topped $2 billion in security revenue last year.

Activist Elliott disclosed in a June 13D filing that it had amassed 9.8 percent of Imperva and started a dialogue with the company s board about  strategic and operational opportunities.  As of June 28, Elliott had increased its stake to 10.9 percent, according to an updated regulatory filing.

Security companies have become hot acquisition targets of large enterprise firms as companies including Sony Corp., Target Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. have all had high-profile data breaches in recent years.

Yahoo! Inc. said Thursday the personal information of at least 500 million users was stolen in an attack on its accounts in 2014, exposing a wide swath of its roughly 1 billion users ahead of Verizon Communications Inc. s planned acquisition of the web portal s assets. Yahoo says information associated with at least 500 mln user accounts stolen  
2016-01-21
Yahoo to decide next strategic steps after quarterly earnings: sources Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) will decide on its next strategic steps only after releasing quarterly earnings on Feb. 2, people familiar with the matter said, as the company continues to resist investor calls to explore a sale of its core Internet assets.

Yahoo wants to gauge shareholder reaction after presenting its strategic vision during the earnings conference call, one of the people said.

Yahoo this month rebuffed several potential buyers for its core Internet assets, including private equity firms, the three sources said this week. They declined to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.

Yahoo declined to comment.

Yahoo said last month it would pursue a tax-free spinoff of the core Internet business, which could take at least a year.

But investors are pressing for an outright sale, fearing that the business, which includes selling search and display ads on its news and sports sites and email service, could lose more value in the face of competition from Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google and Facebook Inc (FB.O).

Yahoo's resistance to the outright sale has set it on a collision course with activist investor Starboard Value LP, which earlier this month reiterated its call for the company to auction off the core business.

The last time Yahoo solicited interest in its core Internet assets was in December, ahead of a board meeting in which the spinoff of the assets was decided, one of the sources said.

At the time, the Sunnyvale, California-based company asked potential buyers to submit preliminary indications of interest and state how much they would be willing to pay for the Internet assets, that source said. No formal sale process was ever launched, the person added.

Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo declined to discuss whether the telecommunications company was considering buying Yahoo's core assets.

"You can't talk about something that's not up for sale," he said in an interview on Thursday. "We'll wait to see when it's kickstarted and then we'll decide."

Yahoo in December abandoned plans to spin off its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) and announced it would instead spin off other assets, including its stake in Yahoo Japan, into a new company.

Yahoo might find it hard to avoid a formal sales process for long, however, as investors, including Starboard, push more aggressively for a sale.

Other investors, including Canyon Capital Advisors and Mason Capital have also been urging Yahoo to sell its Internet business.

Yahoo investors have a one-month window to nominate a slate of board members starting Feb. 25, and Starboard has indicated in its last two letters to the board it is prepared to launch a proxy contest.

(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Malathi Nayak and Michael Flaherty in New York; Editing by Richard Chang) Watch Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer drive a mini Zamboni like a boss Before you go, we thought you'd like these...

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has criticism coming from all sides for her management of the company since taking the top seat in 2012, but one thing everyone can probably agree on is that she knows how to party.

Gizmodo scored exclusive footage of the top executive and mother of two recent twins driving a mini Zamboni (or ice resurfacer, for you generic folks) around an ice skating rink at a company party.

See also: Yahoo's employees are living large, expensing Botox and $8,000 beds



10 PHOTOS Marissa Mayer, former Yahoo CEO See Gallery Watch Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer drive a mini Zamboni like a boss Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc., speaks during the 2015 Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015. The forum gathers Global 500 CEO's and innovators, builders, and technologists from some of the most dynamic, emerging companies all over the world to facilitate relationship building at the highest levels. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer at Yahoo! Inc., smiles during the 2015 Bloomberg Technology Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. Mayer said that the company's spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. is proceeding as planned. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images NEW YORK, NY - MAY 04: Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo attends 'China: Through The Looking Glass' Costume Institute Benefit Gala - Press Preview at Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 4, 2015 in New York City. (Photo by Bennett Raglin/WireImage) NEW YORK, NY - APRIL 27: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer attends the 2015 Yahoo Digital Content NewFronts at Avery Fisher Hall on April 27, 2015 in New York City. (Photo by Cindy Ord/Getty Images for Yahoo) Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer at Yahoo! Inc., smiles during a press conference at the Yahoo! Inc. Mobile Developer Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 19, 2015. Mayer unveiled a suite of development tools for mobile applications that integrate its own advertising services with features it acquired with analytics startup Flurry Inc. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Marissa Mayer, chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc., listens during a panel session on day four of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, on Saturday, Jan. 25, 2014. World leaders, influential executives, bankers and policy makers attend the 44th annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, the five day event runs from Jan. 22-25. Photographer: Jason Alden/Bloomberg via Getty Images Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during her keynote address at the 2014 International CES in Las Vegas, Nevada, January 7, 2014. AFP PHOTO / ROBYN BECK (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images) Marissa Mayer, president and chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc., reacts during the DreamForce Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2013. Yahoo boosted its stock-buyback plan by $5 billion, returning more cash to shareholders as Mayer seeks to revive growth at the largest U.S. Internet portal. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Marissa Mayer, chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc., smiles at the TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2013 conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2013. Yahoo! Mayer said the Web portal has surpassed 800 million active monthly users, a 20 percent increase since she joined the company in July 2012. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE

The video shows a very jolly Mayer, complete with santa hat, gliding across the ice like a total boss. Look at the way she controls that steering wheel. It's like she's a professional Zamboni driver.

You can see the very smiley Mayer cleaning up the ice as a bunch of photographers snap photos of her in the GIF below or the full video here.

Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.

More From Mashable: Yahoo Signs H&R Block to Sponsor New Katie Couric Show A new Yahoo series starring Katie Couric, Yahoo's global news anchor, travels to towns like Buffalo that are rebuilding after the recession.

Most Popular

Increasingly investors are scrutinizing seemingly everything Yahoo pays for, including its holiday parties. So considering the portal reportedly pays Katie Couric $10 million a year to serve as its global news anchor, it's maybe not surprising that Yahoo has stepped up its efforts to attract sponsors for her shows.

H&R Block has signed on to sponsor a new program hosted by Ms. Couric that Yahoo is announcing on Thursday. Yahoo previously signed deals with Bank of America's online stock-trading service Merrill Edge to sponsor Ms. Couric's explainer series "Now I Get It" and with Nissan to sponsor her interview series "World 3.0."

Called "Cities Rising: Rebuilding America," Ms. Couric's new documentary series features the former "Today" and "CBS Evening News" anchor traveling to towns including New Orleans, Houston, Buffalo and Oakland as residents seek to improve the local economy following the recession. The show's first episode is already available, and Yahoo plans to air new episodes every other week. Those episodes will run approximately 10 minutes long, according to a Yahoo spokeswoman, who declined to comment on how much money H&R Block is paying to sponsor the show.

Each of the show's six episodes will end with a branded segment produced by Yahoo and H&R Block that will raise people's awareness that it's tax season, although they won't overtly pitch viewers on H&R Block's services to file taxes. Ms. Couric will not appear in the branded clips, which will run for roughly 30 seconds, the spokeswoman said.

In the show's first episode, which runs 11 and a half minutes, an H&R Block logo appears at the 10:45 mark to introduce the branded segment. That ran for roughly 40 seconds, including the static logo's appearance, and explained when people should file their taxes and when they can expect to receive a tax refund. Aside from the opening logo, the segment featured no mention of H&R Block.

No brands other than H&R Block will be able to run ads against the show's episodes, though that wasn't initially the case. When Ad Age watched the program's first episode on Wednesday on Yahoo's site, a T-Mobile ad played before the episode. By Wednesday afternoon Yahoo had removed the ability for ads from brands other than H&R Block to appear, according to the Yahoo spokeswoman.

In addition to the branded segments, H&R Block will be running native ads on Yahoo's digital magazines. The company's so-called Splash ad units appear within the magazines' content feeds, take up the full width of viewers' screens and can display photos or videos from a brand. H&R Block will also be running standard banners and video ads on Yahoo's properties.

The deal with H&R Block appears to indicate that brands are still interested in Yahoo's video audience even as Yahoo has struggled to grow it. As of October 2015, the number of people in the U.S. checking out Yahoo's video service Screen had dropped by 41% year-over-year to 15.1 million, according to ComScore. Earlier this month Yahoo shut down Screen, shifting its video distribution strategy to its digital magazines, like Yahoo Food and Yahoo News, the latter being where Ms. Couric's videos can be found.

In addition to its struggle to build big video audiences, Yahoo has also had a hard time making money from its videos. While last spring the company signed Honda as the exclusive sponsor for "Community" -- the sitcom it picked up after NBC cancelled it in 2014 -- in October it took a $42 million writedown on its video business, primarily because Yahoo "couldn't see a way to make money over time" from its original shows like "Community," Yahoo CFO Ken Goldman said during the company's third-quarter earnings call. 
2016-07-25
Yahoo's Future Remains In Question Yahoo reported its Q2 earnings last week and refused to disclose further info about the sale process.

The Mozilla payment clause, Tumblr write-off, and weak core results will put pressure on the deal price.

Even though the sale will be closed soon, investors should be ready for a downside scenario.

EDIT: Based on the latest news Verizon has agreed to buy Yahoo's core business for $4.83 billion. The deal is likely to close by early 2017.

The fading Internet giant Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) reported its Q2 2016 earnings recently in what might be the last earnings conference call for Yahoo as a public and independent company as we know it. In an earlier article, I had mentioned that Yahoo is so far into the process of selling its core business that its quarterly operating performance is secondary to any development in the sale, and indeed, at the beginning of the call, Marissa Mayer quickly took that off the table by saying:  Although we have no announcement today, I want to restate our commitment to delivering shareholder value through this process  By separating Yahoo s operating business from our equity stake in Alibaba, there is a substantial value that we can potentially unlock. To that end, the right transaction could strategically and efficiently achieve such a separation. 

For many investors who had hoped to get some additional information about the process, timeline and maybe even possible outcome, it was a disappointing opening to the call. Estimates now range between a period of one to a number of weeks until Yahoo will complete reviewing the final round bids, negotiate terms, maybe offer the final bidder to match the highest price, and finally announce the auction results. Even though CEO Mayer tried to take the sale process of the agenda, it hovers above every piece of data provided in this release.

Looking at the Q2 results with the deal in mind, there are four items that are worth highlighting and might have a significant impact on the sale outcome: the Tumblr write-off and Mozilla break-up fee, forming Excalibur LLC and the continuing decline in the search and display businesses. Yahoo acquired the microblogging site Tumblr in 2013 for $1.1B to penetrate the social media segment in an attempt to ride the rising popularity of Facebook and its peers. Yahoo believed that such a high profile acquisition would help it to get back on track and reclaim its leading internet company position.

Back in  13, when Marissa Mayer announced that the latter would become its biggest acquisition, she promised:  not to screw this up.  However, in reality, that wasn t the case because Tumblr failed to gain significant market share, and Yahoo wrote off $230M last quarter to reflect the plunging value of the asset. This quarter, Yahoo continued that line and wrote off another $482M of Tumblr s value, bringing the value of the former rising star of the social media market to almost nothing. This write-off will have a direct link to the final bid price.

Another one-time hit that will have a meaningful impact on the final bid price is the Mozilla breakup fee. In 2014, Yahoo agreed to pay Mozilla, the web browser maker, more than $375M a year to make Yahoo the default search engine on Firefox. However, that agreement includes a clause that allows Mozilla to break up the partnership if it does not accept the new owners/management of Yahoo and still keep the $375M a year coming until 2019. In the call, CEO Mayer refused to provide any additional details about the Mozilla partnership and the breakup terms; however, this topic will have a direct impact on the final bid price.

In a direct link to the upcoming deal, Yahoo introduced Excalibur LLC to the market, a standalone entity that will hold 4,000 of Yahoo s non-strategic IPs. By carving out patents and pending applications to Excalibur, Yahoo is preparing Excalibur for sale either as a whole or in parts and simplifying the due diligence and selling process. Even though it is not yet published, some of the bids for the core assets are assumed to include some parts of the Excalibur entity. In the case that the chosen bid will not include the Excalibur assets, Yahoo could pursue a sale in a separate process.

Yahoo reported higher than expected revenue figures that beat the street s consensus. However, the main driver for that beat was the reclassification of certain revenue streams and different counting mechanisms in the cost of acquiring new traffic. Using the old accounting methods reveals a revenue decline from $1.04B to $842M YoY. The decline in the core business, especially in the search segment, highlights not only Mayer s failure in turning the company around but also could help potential bidders push the price down amid weaker business valuations.

Although Yahoo did not disclose much about the sale process, investors could infer with a great deal of confidence that the state of the core business could not justify a bidding price at the high end of the $3B to $5B range. The stock will continue to trade according to the estimated potential deal price and the performance of Yahoo s Asian assets. A disappointing deal price, unfavorable agreement with Mozilla, disappointing price on Excalibur, and an IRS decision not to approve a tax-free transaction among other factors might drive Yahoo s stock sharply lower. An investor should not overlook the possible downside when Yahoo releases the deal terms. Verizon Finally Acquires Yahoo Core Operations (VZ, YHOO) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) has agreed to buy the core operations of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) for $4.8 billion. The company will report second quarter 2016 earnings results before the opening bell Tuesday. This will be the main story on the conference call Tuesday with analysts.

Verizon, which last year completed its deal for AOL, has invested heavily in its video capabilities and digital advertising. The company recently hired Ivana Kirkbride, a YouTube veteran, as the  Chief Content Officer  for its Go90 streaming service. The management believes Yahoo!'s assets are the next pieces of the puzzle to help capture a portion of the billions in ad dollars that are now going to Facebook, Inc. (FB) and Alphabet, Inc.'s (GOOGL) Google, which control more than two-thirds of the mobile ad market combined. (See also: Verizon Lead Bidder In Yahoo Deal.)

The deal does not include Yahoo s 15% stake in Alibaba (BABA), its 35% stake in Yahoo Japan and some patents, which have a combined market value of $41 billion. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who was criticized by investors for her lavish spending on employees and parties, is expected to receive a compensation severance package of $57 million. While she helped build some of Yahoo s products like digital magazines, the news digest app and media tie-ups, the company made some serious missteps under her leadership including buying Tumblr, a social networking platform, for 1.1 billion that was later written down by $230 million.

For the quarter ending July, the company is expected to earn 92 cents per share on revenue of $30.95 billion, according to analysts polled by Thomson Reuters. For the full year, ending January, earnings are projected to fall 2.7% year-over-year to $3.88 per share, while revenue of $127.49 billion would mark a 3.1% decline from the year-ago quarter.

The projected revenue and earnings declines are a function of a two-month labor strike, which was finally resolved in May. Network technicians and customer service representatives walked off the job on April 13 after contract talks hit an impasse over, pensions, healthcare coverage, among other things. In May CEO Lowell McAdam warned investors that the strike would negatively impact results for the just-ended quarter. To what degree will be learned on Tuesday. (See also: Verizon Stock Rises on Strike Agreement.)

Verizon shares closed Friday at $56.10, up 0.73%. The shares have risen 21% year-to-date and 18% over the past year, in comparison to the S&P 500 (SPX) index, which has risen 6% and 3%, respectively, during that span. Verizon to acquire Yahoo's operating business  Don't cry for Yahoo; its stock has lapped the tech-sector leaders of the dot ... Old-school technology investors shouldn t shed a tear for Yahoo Inc. as it sells off its core internet business for a fraction of what it was once worth. Instead, they should cheer how well the stock has done relative to other previous leaders of a bygone era.

Yahoo s stock YHOO, +0.15% shed nearly 2.7% in Monday trading after the widely anticipated deal with Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.61% was announced. The stock was trading at about one-third the value of its record close of $118.75, reached on the first trading session of the new millennium. Yahoo s market capitalization had exceeded $125 billion at its peak, compared with the current overall market cap of about $36.5 billion.

But performance on Wall Street is all relative. Since the end of 1997, just before the dot-com market bubble really started to inflate, Yahoo s stock has rocketed past the so-called blue-chip remnants of that time.

FactSet

Yahoo shares were trading at nearly nine times (789%) the Dec. 31, 1997, split-adjusted closing price of $4.33, lapping more than once the performance of the original  four horsemen  of technology that remain. Over the same time:

  Microsoft Corp. s stock MSFT, -0.43% has more than tripled, gaining 249%.

  Cisco Systems Inc. s shares CSCO, -0.61% have climbed 230%.

  Intel Corp. s stock INTC, -1.07% has rallied 98%.

  Dell Inc. was one of the four horsemen but was taken private in October 2013 at $13.88 a share, representing a gain of 32% from the end of 1997.

All three of the remaining four horsemen are currently components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.67% , which has climbed 133%. From Internet leader to laggard   Yahoo through the years Verizon Communications Inc. agreed to buy Yahoo Inc. s Web businesses Monday for $4.83-billion (U.S.). Here s a timeline of the men and women who led the company in its 21-year history.

1994-95: Yahoo is born

Founders: Jerry Yang and David Filo

Mr. Yang and Mr. Filo, Stanford electrical engineering grad students and PhD candidates, launch their  Guide to the World Wide Web  as a compilation of other websites and by September, 1994, had more than 2,000 listings. That balloons to a catalogue of more than 10,000 the next year, according to the Internet History Podcast. The site is renamed Yahoo and is officially founded in Santa Clara, Calif.

Verizon to buy Yahoo's Web assets (BNN Video)

Key deals: The founders  pitch to venture capital firm Sequoia Capital was to create the TV Guide of the Internet, offering its services for free. Sequoia invests $1-million in April, 1995. Japan s SoftBank invested $2-million in Yahoo in late 1995, the start of a long partnership between the two companies. By early 1996, SoftBank had put about another $100-million into the web portal.

1995-2001: From ads to IPO

CEO: Tim Koogle

Yahoo sells shares in an initial public offering at $13 a share, securing a commanding lead in the burgeoning Internet era. Mr. Koogle turns to an advertising model to generate revenue. Yahoo begins to see itself more as a media company than a tech company, and as it seeks ways to keep people on its pages, it adds shopping and Yahoo Mail. The company s market value peaked at $125-billion in early 2000.

Key deals: In 1999, Yahoo pays more than $5-billion for Broadcast.com, positioning itself for the growing interest in online audio and video content as Internet connections speed up. In 2000, Yahoo enters an agreement to make Google its primary search engine provider.

2001-07: Losing ground to Google

CEO: Terry Semel

Mr. Semel brings a strong media perspective to the company, but comes under growing pressure from shareholders for failure to keep pace with Google. Google s sales overtake Yahoo s after the fourth quarter of 2004 as searching the Web becomes more popular and companies buy more of the text links that appear next to search results.

Key deals: In 2002, Mr. Semel offers $1-billion to buy Google, but co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin want $3-billion. Today Google is worth about $515-billion. In 2005, Yahoo pays $1-billion for a 40 per cent stake in Alibaba and other items that included the Yahoo businesses in China. At the time, Alibaba was a smaller Chinese company and CEO Jack Ma was focused on overtaking eBay China. Years later, it would be the most important piece of Yahoo s overall value   and the only thing keeping its stock price up. In 2006, Mr. Semel offers about $1-billion for Facebook but Mark Zuckerberg says no. The New York Times reports that year that Yahoo tries to buy YouTube before Google claims the streaming video site.

2007-09: Earnings plunge, Microsoft bids

CEO: Jerry Yang

Mr. Yang returns at the request of the board with promises of more engineers and to improve technology. By 2008, he s forced to cut 10 per cent of Yahoo s 15,000 workers after earnings plunge. Google proposes an ad partnership with Yahoo, but government antitrust regulators shut it down.

Key deals: In June, 2007, Yahoo offers $12-million for Twitter, the social media platform Yahoo mistakes for simply a messaging service, according to the book Hatching Twitter, by Nick Bilton. The deal ultimately falls through. Twitter is now worth about $13-billion. In 2008, Mr. Yang rejects a buyout offer of more than $45-billion from Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer after protracted negotiations and revised offers from the software giant.

2009-11: Strategic review (1)

CEO: Carol Bartz

Ms. Bartz is focused on efficiency, cutting staff to reduce costs and closing underperforming businesses. But a turnaround never arrives, and directories in France, Germany, Italy and Spain close in 2009. The board ousts Ms. Bartz with a phone call after her fraught relationship with Alibaba. Chief financial officer Tim Morse steps in as interim CEO and Yahoo makes plans for a strategic review and potential buyout.

Key deals: In 2009, Bartz strikes a multi-year partnership with Microsoft that strips Yahoo of its core search technology.

2012: Lacking credentials

CEO: Scott Thompson

Mr. Thompson s tenure lasts only four months after allegations emerged that information on his academic record was inaccurate. Former head of Yahoo Media, Ross Levinsohn, replaces Mr. Thompson as interim CEO.

Key deals: In 2012, Yahoo begins the process of selling half its stake   about 523 million shares   back to Alibaba. After Marissa Mayer takes over as CEO, she completes the deal, selling the shares at $13.54 apiece. Two years later, Alibaba closes at almost $94.

2012-16: High hopes; strategic review (2)

CEO: Marissa Mayer

Ms. Mayer is a Silicon Valley star, with a background at Google. Yahoo has high hopes that she ll help turn the company around. While she made many acquisitions and invested in new products   doubling down on search and bringing in Katie Couric to boost media offerings   she did little to stem market-share losses or attract more advertising dollars. Investors complained. By September, 2014, hedge fund manager Starboard Value takes a stake in Yahoo and pushes for the company to slow acquisitions, cut costs and examine a deal with AOL (prior to its acquisition by Verizon). In 2015, Ms. Mayer announces a plan to spin off the Alibaba stake, but is stymied by tax implications. A year later she draws up a plan to potentially sell Yahoo s core assets instead. Initial bids draw more than 10 potential suitors with price tags from about $4-billion to $8-billion.

Key deals: In 2013 Yahoo acquires Tumblr for about $1-billion, the largest of the many acquisitions under Ms. Mayer s leadership. Yahoo ultimately wound up writing down close to $700-million for the blogging service. In May, 2016, AT&T ended its 15-year partnership with Yahoo, choosing instead to award its Web contract to Synacor Inc.

Report Typo/Error Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) expected to buy Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO ... On Friday Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) share price closed at $56.10. Company net profit margin stands at 13.60% whereas its return on equity (ROE) is 120.60%. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) is -0.50% away from its 52 week high.

Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) and Yahoo are set to announce that they are striking an acquisition deal, according to sources close to the situation. The news is expected by Monday, although it could come earlier or later. But Yahoo told other bidders this afternoon   those interested in buying Yahoo have included private equity firm TPG and a group led by Quicken Loans  Dan Gilbert   that the telco giant was the winner of the four-month process, said sources.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) traded 11.27 Million shares and its share price advanced 1.36% to close at $39.38. Company has 0.50% insider ownership. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) quarterly performance is 5.07% while its year to date (YTD) performance is 18.40%.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) said that, Verizon is the apparent winning bidder for Yahoo, agreeing to pay $4.8 billion for the troubled internet company. The sale of the core internet business and some real estate caps five months of speculation about the fate of the once-mighty tech icon and highlights the dramatic fall of a company that had a market capitalization of more than $125 billion during the dot com boom.

On Friday shares of Northwestern Corporation (NYSE:NWE) ended up at $62.30. This year Company s Earnings per Share (EPS) growth is 6.40% and next year s EPS growth is 4.44%. Beta of Northwestern Corporation (NYSE:NWE) is 0.37 while company weekly performance is 1.75%.

On 22 July, Northwestern Corporation (NYSE:NWE) reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. Net income for the quarter was $35.6 million, or $0.73 per diluted share, as compared with net income of $31.0 million, or $0.65 per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. This $4.6 million, or 14.8%, increase in net income is due to improvements in gross margin and income tax expense partially offset by higher operating expense. The higher operating expense is primarily the result of a $20.8 million insurance recovery that reduced operating expense in 2015.



Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) advanced 0.66% to close at $67.46 on 22 July. Its return on assets (ROA) is 5.00% while return on investment (ROI) is 10.50%. Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) price to sales (P/S) ratio is 2.17.

On 21 July, Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) announced plans to roll out Xfinity Prepaid Services, a pay-as-you-go offering that lets people sign-up for TV or Internet service and  refill  their subscription any time they would like, for either seven or 30 days. The TV and Internet services, which come without a credit check or contract, will be available later this year starting in Illinois, Michigan, Georgia, Florida and Indiana and offered everywhere within the Comcast footprint by the end of 2017.



On 22 July Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) ended the day at $85.89. Company net profit margin stands at 1.80% whereas its return on equity (ROE) is 5.80%. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) is -35.55% away from its 52 week high.



Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) has no immediate plans to raise its prices in the United Arab Emirates or the Middle East following its launch in the region earlier this year. The clarification comes after media reports warned of a price rise of $1 per month for some of Netflix s users in places such as the US and the UK.The move reportedly pushed away many subscribers   Netflix s stock prices also dropped sharply this month after it revealed that it had added only 1.54 million net new subscriptions in the second quarter, below its projections of 2.5 million. Verizon To Acquire Yahoo's Operating Business For $4.8 Billion After months of investor activism, speculation and rumors, Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) confirmed Friday's reports that it will acquire some of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)'s assets.

Shares of Yahoo were halted early Monday morning and resumed trading at 7:20 a.m. EDT. Shares were seen trading lower by 1.2 percent at $38.90.

Verizon said in a press release it has reached an agreement to acquire Yahoo's operating business for approximately $4.83 billion in cash.

Verizon stated in its press release that the addition of Yahoo to its AOL property (which it separately acquired in 2015) will create "one of the largest portfolios" of owned and partnered global brands with "extensive" distribution capabilities. Between Yahoo and AOL, Verizon will now own more than 25 brands in its online portfolio, including Yahoo's market-leading premium content brands in finance, news, sports and e-mail.

The agreement doesn't include Yahoo's cash on hand, nor its ownership stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA), Yahoo Japan, certain minority investments in other firms.

Yahoo's non-core patents will continue being held and operated by Yahoo and will become a publicly traded investment company under a different brand name.

Yahoo said it will return "substantially all" of its net cash to shareholders and will provide additional information in the future.

Executive Commentary

Lowell McAdam, Verizon Chairman and CEO, said, "Just over a year ago we acquired AOL to enhance our strategy of providing a cross-screen connection for consumers, creators and advertisers. The acquisition of Yahoo will put Verizon in a highly competitive position as a top global mobile media company, and help accelerate our revenue stream in digital advertising."

Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo, said, "Yahoo is a company that has changed the world, and will continue to do so through this combination with Verizon and AOL. The sale of our operating business, which effectively separates our Asian asset equity stakes, is an important step in our plan to unlock shareholder value for Yahoo. This transaction also sets up a great opportunity for Yahoo to build further distribution and accelerate our work in mobile, video, native advertising and social."

Tim Armstrong, CEO of AOL, said, "Our mission at AOL is to build brands people love, and we will continue to invest in and grow them. Yahoo has been a long-time investor in premium content and created some of the most beloved consumer brands in key categories like sports, news and finance."

See more from Benzinga

  2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer on Verizon Deal, Her Future NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

02:00 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) Seven West Media comments on announcement from Yahoo concerning proposed deal with Verizon Communications<SWM.AX><VZ.N><YHOO.O>  Yahoo, Verizon set termination fee for core business deal at $144.8 mln - SEC filing  Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer says views sale of the company as a success - CNBC  Verizon to get Yahoo's IP license that is not being conveyed with oper business  Verizon's Marni Walden, asked if Marissa Mayer is staying- "due to abnormal process, have yet to determine who new leaders will be" - CNBC  
2016-03-02
Yahoo launches Esports, a site dedicated to competitive video gaming Yahoo is launching a site dedicated to competitive video gaming, capitalizing on a rare bright spot for the troubled tech company.

Yahoo Esports will cover live tournaments, news and statistics, much like other sports, the company said Wednesday.

 We re approaching our coverage of eSports with the same tenacity and professionalism we always have with Yahoo Sports, News and Finance,  Bob Condor, vice president of Yahoo Sports Media, said in a statement.  Coupled with our experience in building great products, we ve gone out and assembled an experienced and innovative content team that will cover esports from every angle. 

The move comes as the Sunnyvale, Calif., company is poised to reduce 15% of its workforce. It recently shuttered seven of its digital magazines, including those dedicated to food, travel, health and parenting topics.

Yahoo Esports seizes on the exploding popularity of competitive video gaming.

Already, ESPN has expanded its eSports coverage and Santa Monica s Activision Blizzard paid a reported $46 million for eSports tournament organizer Major League Gaming.

Follow me on Twitter: @dhpierson How to prepare for your digital afterlife Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

You're probably not going to die any time soon (knock on wood), but it's never a bad idea to prepare for the worst. Your will may take care of who gets your car when you pass away, but what about who gets your Facebook account? Or who's allowed to access your Gmail data? Managing your digital afterlife can be tough, especially if you have a lot of data hidden away within the depths of your inbox.

Here's what you need to know about how you can leave your accounts in good hands when you die -- and what companies will (and will not) reveal to your digital heirs.

Google

Google doesn't explicitly talk death, but they do let you decide what happens to your Google accounts -- Gmail, Photos, Google Drive, etc -- when you haven't signed into your Google account for a period of time. Google lets you add up to 10 friends and family members who will be notified if your account is inactive for a certain amount of time, and who will (with your permission) be able to download data from your accounts for three months.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

To set up the Inactive Account Manager, login to your Google account and go to this page. Click Setup to start the process.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

First, you'll need to add a mobile phone number to your account so that Google can alert you before your account goes inactive. You can also add an additional email address.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

Next, choose your timeout period -- how long Google will wait before declaring your account inactive. Your options are three months, six months, nine months, one year, 15 months, or 18 months. Google will alert you one month before your timeout period expires.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

Next, you can add up to 10 contacts who will be alerted if your account becomes inactive. To add a contact, click Add trusted contact and type in the person's email address or contact name. If you want the contact to be able to download data from your account, check the box next to Share my data with this contact and hit Next.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

On the next screen, you'll be able to choose what data you want to share with the contact -- everything from Google +1s to your Orkut profile. You will also need to enter in your contact's phone number so they can receive a verification code before they are allowed to access your data.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

Once you've chosen what accounts you want to share with your contact, you'll need to type out an email that will be sent to them when your account expires. This email will automatically include information on how to access your account and data, but you can add a personal message of your own.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

Once you've added all of your trusted contacts, click Enable to turn on the Inactive Account Manager.

Microsoft

If you have a Microsoft email account (Hotmail, Live, MSN, or Outlook.com), family members will need to go through Microsoft's Next of Kin process in order to gain access to your account data. Microsoft will release your account data -- including emails, attachments, and your address book -- to your next of kin on a DVD. Your next of kin will not receive your password or be able to access your account (just the data).

To start the Next of Kin process, your next of kin will need to email msrecord@microsoft.com and provide documentation that verifies that you are dead (or otherwise incapacitated) and that they are your next of kin, the executor or benefactor of your estate, or someone with power of attorney.

Yahoo

Yahoo will not release any of your data when you die, so if you want your family to be able to access your account you will need to provide them with your login information (though Yahoo's Terms of Service states that your account is not transferable, so technically providing your login info to your family is breaking their ToS).

While Yahoo will not share any of your data or account information, the executor of your estate/next of kin can request that your account be closed by emailing concierge@cc.yahoo-inc.com a request letter containing your Yahoo ID, as well as proof of your death and proof that they are the executor of your estate.

Facebook

Facebook allows you to designate a legacy contact who can manage parts of your account when you die. Legacy contacts cannot sign into your account or see any private messages, but they can post a pinned post to the top of your Timeline, accept (or reject) new friend requests, and update your profile picture and your header image. They can also (with your permission) download an archive of your posts, photos, and profile information.

Learn how to assign a legacy contact here.

Twitter

Twitter does not allow you to grant anyone access to your account when you die, though immediate family members and people who are authorized to act on your behalf can request that your account be deactivated when you pass away. If you want someone to be able to take over your account when you die, you'll need to provide them with your login information.

To request that someone's account be deactivated, you will need to use Twitter's privacy form. You will need to provide proof of your relationship to the deceased, including your ID and a copy of their death certificate.

Instagram

Instagram is owned by Facebook, but the photo-based social network does not offer the same post-mortem option of designating a legacy contact. However, Instagram does memorialize accounts -- memorialized accounts cannot be changed or logged into, but they will remain visible and will not appear in Instagram's public archives (like Search & Explore).

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

Your friends and family members will need to contact Instagram about memorializing your account after you die, according to Instagram's Privacy Policy, using this form. They will need to provide their name and email address, the deceased's name and Instagram username, and proof of death, such as a link to an obituary or a death certificate.

Password Managers

Even the accounts that do let you designate a digital heir don't let people fully access your stuff after you die. If you want to leave full access to your accounts to someone after you pass away, your best bet is to use a password manager with a legacy feature.

Sarah Jacobsson Purewal/CNET

LastPass has an Emergency Access feature that lets you give trusted contacts access to your password vault. To add a trusted contact, open your LastPass account and click Emergency Access. Click Give Emergency Access and type in your contact's email address. Choose a wait time for how long that contact will have to wait when they request emergency access (anywhere from "immediately" to 30 days). If your contact requests emergency access, you will have this amount of time to reject their request before they are automatically granted access.

Dashlane also has an emergency access feature that lets trusted contacts request access to your vault, while PasswordBox features a Legacy Vault that lets you pass on your passwords to your next of kin. Use Gmail's Unsubscribe and Block buttons to clean up your inbox Trying to keep your head above water in an email inbox   it can be a pain in the neck.

For the gobs of people using Google s wildly popular Gmail service, however, the handy Unsubscribe and Block buttons can be used to help manage onslaughts of unwanted email, whether they re from subscriptions you ve grown tired of or plain old unsolicited spammers.

Most emails you ve signed up to receive have a tiny-text unsubscribe link somewhere at the bottom. What Gmail has done is put a simple Unsubscribe button at the top of those emails that will take you off of the email list without you having to visit a site to do it.

And, of course, the Block button on Gmail will, pretty straightforwardly, prevent any emails from annoying chain-letter senders   or whomever   from reaching your inbox in the future. Just click over to the More arrow, then select  Block,  and you ll never hear from them again.

So there you are. Go forth and take back control of your inbox!



Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter @danielwbean. And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook!

 
2016-06-27
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO): Core Business Sale Could Act As A Catalyst For Shares Published By: Ken Bock on June 27, 2016 07:10 am EST

Gabelli & Co. weighed in on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) as the company has entered final round of bidding for the sale of its core business. The firm remains convinced with a Buy rating on the $33 billion company stock. According to the firm, the existing management and the CEO/president of the company, Marissa Mayer have  exhausted their credibility to turn the business around, activists are on the board.  While the business could possibly turn around, the firm is bullish on potential sale of Yahoo this time.

Now that Yahoo has entered the third round of bidding and given several press leaks, the firm expects Yahoo to be sold for approximately $5-6 billion. This time the sale is not only viewed positive but the valuation figure is fairly above their previous valuation of $4.3 billion. However, the company could still win the lost battle but the chances of a sale out are higher this time.

 Pro forma for a sale which could generate $4.5 billion of after-tax cash, Yahoo would have $11 per share in cash, $10 per share in Yahoo! Japan and $31.50 per share in Alibaba Group Holding (BABA), or $52 per share in value,  the firm wrote. In addition, they expect aggressive share buybacks to embark after the sale to benefit from discounted net asset value of shares and to return capital investment.

Gabelli & Co. believes Yahoo can divest both Alibaba and Yahoo! Japan in a tax efficient manner, resulting in a subsequent gain of $52 per share. In a worst case scenario, the firm anticipates the gain to be as low as $46 per share and in such a case, the firm sees Yahoo making share buybacks with its realized cash by  selling Yahoo! Japan in a tax-inefficient transaction followed by an Alibaba acquisition of the remainder at a 15% discount. 

Amid challenges faced by Yahoo s core business, the firm observes significant safety margin in shares. On the whole, Yahoo s stake in Alibaba and Yahoo! Japan is $41 per share on a fair value basis, implies that investors will get $6.10 per share in cash, $700 million of EBITDA, and the US business for free. The sale of core business is expected to act as a catalyst for Yahoo stock in 2016, and might exhibit a rapid boost. How Brexit Could Be An Unlikely Gift To European Retailers Like Burberry Burberry Group (BURBERRY GROUP UNSP ADR EACH REP 2 ORD (OTC: BURBY)) would be a beneficiary following the Brexit, according to Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)'s Yahoo! Finance writer Daniel Roberts.

Roberts, citing a note from RBC Europe, said, "[W]hile Brexit is 'a negative for the sector overall,' it is merely 'mixed" for Burberry Group.'"

"The real beneficiary of a weakening GBP should be Burberry," Roberts said, quoting analyst Rogerio Fujimori.

"Currency fluctuations tend to shift travel flows and luxury purchases around the globe: A weakening GBP may shift overseas tourist flows to the UK, which would benefit Burberry Group."

Roberts said Burberry's "higher costs may be offset by American tourists buying up Burberry threads in England," as it sees about 14 percent of its revenue in pounds, 15 percent of its cost of goods sold (COGS, in retail parlance), and 40 percent of its operational expenses.

Related Link: Baird's Stock Picks In Footwear And Fitness Amid Brexit Fallout

Luca Solca, luxury goods analyst at Exane BNP Paribas, explained to Business of Fashion that British brands that do a lot of business outside of Britain, could actually thrive post-Brexit: "If their costs are largely in pounds, but their revenues are in euros or dollars, the euros and dollars they would get from abroad would buy a larger amount of pounds."

It helps that Burberry, which had 2.5 billion in revenue last year (in pounds), is not just the U.K.'s largest luxury brand but by far its best-known luxury brand.

At time of writing, ADRs of Burberry Group were down 7.42 percent on the day at $13.98 USD.

Posted-In: Business of Fashion Daniel Roberts Exane BNP ParibasLong Ideas Eurozone Markets Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-10-29
EU Regulators Warn WhatsApp, Yahoo Over Privacy Missteps EU Regulators Warn WhatsApp, Yahoo Over Privacy Missteps

Law360, New York (October 28, 2016, 10:47 PM EDT) -- Europe's data protection authorities on Thursday became the latest body to raise red flags over WhatsApp's move to share user data with parent company Facebook and Yahoo's handling of a 2014 data breach, informing both companies that a new working group would be closely scrutinizing both issues.



In separate letters sent to the companies, the collective of EU data protection authorities known as the Article 29 Working Party pushed WhatsApp and Yahoo to work with them to address the regulators' "serious concerns" over WhatsApp's recent privacy...

To view the full article, register now. 
2016-05-10
Yahoo wiped out the entire value of the mystery company it bought for $23 ... In May 2015, Yahoo disclosed in a regulatory filing that it spent $23 million on an unnamed company based outside of the US.

The mystery acquisition seemed odd, given the scant details provided in the filing and the fact that Yahoo was at the time slowing down a buying spree which amounted to dozens of startups in 3 years.

Yahoo still hasn't disclosed the name of the company or the rationale behind that particular transaction. But it did reveal one important footnote about the company in its latest filing on Tuesday: the entire goodwill value of the company has been written off.

"The entire goodwill amount which was recorded in the EMEA segment was subsequently impaired during the fourth quarter of 2015 as a result of the impairment testing performed by the Company on its reporting units as of October 31, 2015," Yahoo wrote in the filing.

Yahoo said that the goodwill portion of the deal, which represents the amount paid for the company beyond what is valued on the balance sheet, was $22 million   meaning the entire value that Yahoo overpaid for the mystery company has been wiped out over the past year.

The write off amount is small relative to Yahoo's overall business, which generated over $1 billion in revenue last quarter alone. It also doesn't affect Yahoo's actual cash holdings since the deal was completed last year. Yahoo stressed that the transaction didn't have a "material impact" on the company's business in the filing.

Yahoo was not immediately available for comment. But the write off leaves another black mark on Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer's failed strategy to find growth through acquisitions.

M&A freeze

Despite spending an estimated nearly $3 billion on buying startups, Yahoo's revenue growth has been stagnant over the past few years. It also disclosed in its fourth quarter earnings that it would write off more than $1 billion from acquisitions occurred after 2012, including $230 million on Tumblr.

Investors have been unhappy with this strategy for some time. SpringOwl Asset Management's Eric Jackson, one of the most vocal critics of Yahoo, wrote in his famous 99-page presentation that the acquisitions have "resulted in zero additional value."

And with activist investors breathing down her neck to cut back, Mayer hinted in the fourth quarter earnings call that Yahoo would put the brakes on buying companies.

At least Mayer seems to be sticking to her promise: Yahoo did not make any acquisitions during the three months ended March 31, 2016, according to the filing on Tuesday. 
2016-05-22
Yahoo! Inc: If This Is True, Yahoo! Stock Could Surge By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : May 23, 2016

This Is Big for Yahoo Stock

None other than everyone s favorite U.S. billionaire Warren Buffett could get ahold of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). They most investors and analysts all but left Yahoo for dead by the end of last year. The company almost reached an R.I.P. moment after its latest quarter. Still, Yahoo stock has managed to gain almost 10% since the start of 2016.

Indeed, after bottoming out at approximately $26.00 per share last February, Yahoo stock has slowly but surely bounced back to the $36.00 $37.00 range.

News of Warren Buffett s interest in Internet pioneer Yahoo has not made any special contributions to the company s valuation yet. But that is a good thing, because it means the average investor interested in Yahoo can still get in at a nice price ahead of some potentially profitable developments.

Let s put it this way: if Yahoo were to have a nickname it would be  The Revenant,  except spoiler alert the ending would be considerably happier. After all, unlike in the Oscar-winning The Revenant film, there is no role for a big bear in this script: Warren Buffett is here buttressing Yahoo stock.

Mr. Buffett, the founder and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A, NYSE:BRK.B), has collaborated with Quicken Loans Inc., whose manager, Dan Gilbert, has made an offer to acquire Yahoo. To be clear, Berkshire Hathaway, Buffett s company, is the one behind the investment rather than Buffett himself, but who s arguing? (Source:  No, Warren Buffett didn t buy Apple shares, or bid for Yahoo ,  ZDNet, May 16, 2016.)

Yahoo itself is evaluating strategic options including its outright sale. (Source:  Exclusive: Warren Buffett, Quicken Loans founder in Yahoo bid   sources,  Yahoo Tech, May 14, 2016.) Gilbert is less known for his tech sector expertise than for being the owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team, whose star player is LeBron James.

But this is where it gets really interesting. Berkshire Hathaway has also just bet $1.1 billion on Apple in what many have interpreted as a much-needed boost at a time of difficulty in Cupertino. (Source:  Berkshire s $1 Billion Apple Bet Suggests Faith in Product Pipeline,  Bloomberg, May 16, 2016.)

Is there a coincidence? There must be because typically, Buffett has always been skeptical of the tech sector. But for Yahoo, the timing simply adds credibility to the rumors about the involvement of Buffett in acquiring Yahoo. Until now, Buffett made no secret of his opposition to Silicon Valley, saying he liked only International Business Machines Corp. in which Berkshire has a substantial $12.3-billion stake. But two hedge fund managers, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, have recently joined Berkshire and they are evidently contributing to changing Buffett s mind on tech. (Source: ZDNet, op cit.)

If anyone has any doubt that Berkshire is after the tech side of Yahoo s business, the company s coveted stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) and Yahoo! Japan are not part of the bargain. The core Internet business, suggest rumors, should be worth some $5.0 billion, with some estimates going as high as $8.0 billion.

Yahoo s future is not clear yet. CEO Marissa Mayer, embattled as she may be, remains at the helm she took over in 2012. Her efforts to revive the company have not gone far enough according to many board members and investors. The last major such effort came last February as Mayer announced a restructuring entailing a 15% workforce cut and the stoppage of various activities.

The big development since then is the Yahoo fire sale. The process could lead to a dismantling of the company. Until recently, telecom operator Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) was touted as the leading candidate to acquire Yahoo s core business including  Yahoo Mail  and  Yahoo News.  If Berkshire and Verizon get into a bidding war for Yahoo s assets, it could get quite interesting for YHOO shareholders.

Verizon wants Yahoo to complement and boost its AOL business. Berkshire, meanwhile, may finally want a piece of Silicon Valley, but it may simply be interested in financing another buyout. For example, in 2014, Berkshire spent $3.0 billion to contribute to Burger King s merger with Canadian giant Tim Hortons.

The bottom line on Berkshire and its rumored Yahoo interest is that Buffett has not failed in his ability to pick companies on the brink of extinction and turn them around with profit to spare. Yahoo seems like a challenge for Berkshire, but Yahoo is still a giant and many have noticed its potential with many users still flocking to its services. It just needs better management to bear its fruit to investors. That s where Buffett and Berkshire come in. Why Google beat Yahoo in the war for the Internet As we witness what may be the final days of Yahoo as an independent business, consider how just a decade ago it was running neck-and-neck with Google, now one of the world s largest companies by market value.

It would be silly for anyone to claim they could have predicted how these two businesses would compare today, but we can still learn something from examining what sent their fortunes in such different directions.

I began working for Google in 2003, at a time when the two tech giants were competing vigorously to dominate the rapidly growing territory of World Wide Web. So many factors influenced the ultimate outcome, but one in particular   the way Google and Yahoo differed in their approach to core infrastructure   seems especially telling.

Perhaps my perspective is affected by the fact that I worked closely on the underlying Google File System, but I still believe Google s sharp contrast with Yahoo on infrastructure offers powerful lessons about building a sustainable business, especially in the rapidly transforming technology landscape.

Building fast and building to last

At the beginning of the new millennium, Google and Yahoo started down very different paths to attain the enormous scale that the growing size and demands of the Internet economy (search, email, maps, etc.) required. For Yahoo, the solution came in the form of NetApp filers, which allowed the company to add server space at a dizzying rate. Almost every service that Yahoo offered ultimately ran on NetApp s purpose-built storage appliances, which were quick to set up and easy to use, giving Yahoo a fast track to meet market demand (and soon made the company NetApp s largest customer).

But in nearby Mountain View, Google began work on engineering its own software-defined infrastructure, ultimately known as the Google File System, which would function as a platform that could serve a diverse range of use cases for all the services Google would offer as part of its future ecosystem. Instead of using the latest storage appliances as a foundation, the Google File System used commodity servers to support a flexible and resilient architecture that could solve scalability and resiliency issues once and for all, simplifying and accelerating the future rollout of a wide range of web-scale applications, from maps to cloud storage.

Scaling complexity

It took four years of ongoing development, and enormous amounts of engineering resources, before the Google File System reached the point where the company used it for mission-critical operations. Meanwhile, Yahoo had been able to add NetApp filers almost immediately to keep up with growing demands for its services. In the race to dominate the Internet landscape, it appeared Yahoo had pulled far ahead.

However, Yahoo s rapid go-to-market approach also began to show some cracks. As demand continued to expand and diversify, downsides to the appliance-based infrastructure emerged in the form of redundant engineering work, increasingly complex and inefficient environments and finally, mounting vendor costs. When Yahoo added a new service, it needed to re-engineer the NetApp platform for that specific use case.

As a result, identical challenges for separate services, such as Yahoo Search and Yahoo Mail, had to be solved multiple times on different infrastructures. The fragmented infrastructure also exposed greater resource inefficiencies, as each use case required separate server space and compute power that couldn t be shared across the platform. On top of that, the cost to run NetApp appliances grew as fast as Yahoo did, taking a significant bite out of the company s revenue.

Completely understand the problem before even considering the solution.

On the other hand, Google built its file system in anticipation of these challenges, so that adding new use cases or fixing underlying architecture challenges could be done efficiently. After the purchase of YouTube, for example, Google could simply say,  throw away your back-end and we ll put you on our platform.  Engineers could make upgrades to the underlying architecture once, and the solution would apply across all of Google s services.

Finally, the flexible platform allowed resources and compute power to be shared across different use cases, so that when servers weren t busy on search they could be used to process email. It didn t hurt that all this was built on commodity hardware, which offered costs that decreased in line with Moore s Law.

As the cost and complexity of Yahoo s underlying infrastructure mounted, the company simply could not afford to match Google s pace in developing and deploying major new applications.

The importance of a fresh start

This could be a simple story about the importance of flexible architecture, but I believe the lessons here extend beyond infrastructure or application engineering, and offer insight into what it takes to build a sustainable business. It speaks directly to one of the most important things I ve learned from my time at Google: the need to completely understand the problem before even considering the solution.

When you visualize a problem, start from scratch. Whether you re an engineer or an entrepreneur (or both), close your eyes to existing solutions and ways of doing things, ignore what has been done before and build your ideal solution. Once you have that, you can determine which existing solutions should be used and what needs to be rebuilt.

This has been a key aspect of the success of many startups that have displaced legacy enterprises (consider Amazon s decision to sell infrastructure-as-a-service, which disrupted Comdisco s previous success outsourcing IT infrastructure on behalf of enterprise clients). It s also increasingly common at larger companies that don t want to lose their place to the next young upstart (similar to how Facebook is increasingly building its own infrastructure, from server racks to cameras).

Of course, there are times when the  start from scratch  approach means sacrificing immediate growth for long-term sustainability, which can be a hard pill to swallow, especially in the fast-moving world of Silicon Valley. But quick fixes bring greater risk in the form of growing complexity and inefficiency. Google built a broad platform that extends across the entire web by focusing on simplicity and flexibility, while the complexity of Yahoo s infrastructure may be the reason it ends up as a small part of another business. 
2016-10-19
3 Stocks to Watch on Wednesday: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Banc of California Inc ... Yesterday proved to be a positive outing for U.S. markets on an up day for stocks and commodities alike. The S&P 500 Index gained 0.6%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average edged 0.4% higher and the Nasdaq Composite surged 0.9%. Gold and oil were up fractionally as well.

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ: ISRG ) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) were both moving on earnings reports, while Bank of California Inc (NYSE: BANC ) was snapping back with a vengeance amid some recent claims.

Here s what you should be watching for today:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

YHOO shares were up a bit in Wednesday s premarket trade after it shared quarterly results.

Yahoo actually posted a strong third quarter, earnings 17 cents per share, and 20 cents on adjusted basis, to beat expectations for 14 cents per share. Revenues of $857, excluding the cost of traffic acquisition, were just below Wall Street estimates, though in line with the company s own guidance.

Guidance for current-quarter revenue after traffic acquisition costs disappointed, however. YHOO is looking for $880 million to $920 million, while the consensus is for $938.4 million.

CEO Marissa Mayer and the rest of the company have come under fire recently both for a massive data breach, and allegations that Yahoo cooperated with the U.S. government by illegally scanning emails for authorities.

Those issues have put a wrench into the planned acquisition of Yahoo by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ). The question now is whether VZ still wants to do the buyout   reports say Verizon is looking for a discount.

YHOO shares crawled 1.4% higher before Wednesday s trade.

Bank of California Inc (BANC)

BANC shares were recovering in a strong way a day after the bank plunged in response to a Seeking Alpha blog post.

On Tuesday, Bank of California slumped by more than 30% after the Aurelius Instablog published an article calling shares  Un-Investible,  linking some of the bank s officers with investment banker Jason Galanis. Galanis earlier this year had pleaded guilty to  securities fraud, investment adviser fraud and two conspiracy charges  in connection with a scheme surrounding a publicly traded reinsurer.

However, BANC shares are roaring back this morning after the bank made an 8K filing saying that it would investigate the connections to Jason Galanis, but also demanding the removal and retraction of the article.

BANC stock was up 17% in premarket action.

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG)

ISRG shares were off a bit Wednesday morning despite reporting a boost in its third-quarter profits after Tuesday s bell.

The surgery tools provider earned $5.31 per share, or $6.19 per share on an adjusted basis. This figure was higher than analysts  view of $5.15 per share on an adjusted basis. Net sales amounted to $683 million, which also came in ahead of the $651.2 million in revenue than Wall Street had called for.

Intuitive Surgical sold 134 da Vinci systems over the period, which is higher than the 117 sold in the year-ago quarter. The $1.5 million product combines three-dimensional vision systems with hand-worn tools.

Surgeries using da Vinci systems enjoyed a 14% rise, most of which were used in general procedures in the U.S. including hernia repairs and prostate procedures.

Nonetheless, ISRG stock was off 2% on Wednesday morning. Yahoo, ACLU press US to disclose secret surveillance orders SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) on Wednesday asked U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to declassify a surveillance order the company had received so it can respond to a Reuters report that it set up a special program last year to scan all Yahoo Mail users' incoming messages.

Separately, the American Civil Liberties Union filed a motion before the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court asking it to release the Yahoo order and over 20 other significant rulings dating back more than a decade.

Reuters reported on Oct. 4 that Yahoo had secretly installed custom software to search all of its customers' incoming emails to isolate those containing specific data matching a digital file provided by U.S. intelligence officials. The program ran for a brief period of time in the spring of 2015 before it was discovered by Yahoo's security team and taken down, according to people familiar with the matter.

Privacy advocates have criticized Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer's decision not to appeal the order and said the company exposed hundreds of millions of email users to secret searches.

"At Yahoo, we are deeply committed to transparency and to protecting the rights of our users. Yahoo was mentioned specifically in these reports and we find ourselves unable to respond in detail," Yahoo General Counsel Ron Bell wrote in a letter to Clapper that the company published online.

Bell asked Clapper to confirm the existence of the government order, to declassify all or part of it, and to "make a sufficiently detailed public and contextual comment to clarify the alleged facts and circumstances."

Timothy Barrett, a spokesman for Clapper's office, said in a statement, "We can confirm that we have received the letter and will respond to Yahoo directly."

Yahoo had previously said the Reuters report was "misleading" and that the "mail scanning described in the article does not exist on our systems." When asked to give specifics on how the story was misleading, or whether the operation described by Reuters had previously existed, Yahoo had declined to comment.

PRESSURE TO DECLASSIFY

A number of political leaders in the United States and Europe have already been pressing U.S. intelligence officials to declassify and release the order.

U.S. government sources said officials were considering whether to release more about the justification for the court order served on Yahoo under Title 1 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.

The ACLU filing was aided by a Yale Law School team and follows a study released this week by the Brennan Center for Justice that tallied more than 25 major unreleased rulings by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and other authorities.

The ACLU said the courts have approved government hacking, attempts to force companies to weaken their encryption, and bulk collection of financial records.

The ACLU team acknowledged that the government could protect parts of orders that identified specific undisclosed targets or otherwise had a  substantial probability  of hurting a compelling interest.

But it said a body of opinions that constitutes secret law is incompatible with the First Amendment and the basic functioning of the judicial and executive branches of American democracy.

"Judicial opinions interpreting constitutional and statutory limits on governmental authorities - including those relevance to foreign-intelligence surveillance - have regularly been available for inspection by the public ... their release is manifestly fundamental in a democracy committed to the rule of law," the motion said.

Yahoo said that while its letter to Clapper specifically related to the Reuters report, "it is intended to set a stronger precedent of transparency for our users and all citizens who could be affected by government requests for user data."

(Yahoo's letter to Clapper: bit.ly/2eSLgmr)

(Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Tiffany Wu) Median Group Inc. Announces Private Placement of 100000000 of its Shares KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia, Oct. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Median Group Inc. (OTC Market ticker: CHMD), a telecommunication and financial technology company ("Median"), today announced a private placement of 100,000,000 of its common stocks to Getthiss Innovation Sdn. Bhd. ("Getthiss") to signify its strategic collaboration with an independent marketing platform provider in Malaysia.

Standing L-R: Ahmad Shukri Abdul Ghani (Median), Michael Teh Hooi Leong, Zahisham Kamaruzaman and Shahril Hishamuddin (all from Getthiss) Sitting L   R: Shazilan Dahalan (Median), Muhammad Dzulnun Huraira and Hisyamudin Supian (all from Getthiss) More

"We have found a strategic shareholder who brings in a strong network of members that could potentially expand our market reach beyond our traditional market segment. We are currently at the advanced stage of discussion with Getthiss, and we hope that we will be able to work together in successfully going forward," stated Andrew Hwan Lee, President of Median. "We are pleased to have found a strong partner who will play an important role in the distribution of our products and services in Malaysia through their extensive distribution platform."

Mr. Lee continued, "I am grateful to our shareholders, investors and partners who have stood by us during this challenging time. We are excited with this new development and will continue to expand our business offering, and hence work towards increasing shareholders' value."

About Median Group Inc.

Median Group Inc. aims to become a leading mobile service and technology provider focusing on mobile communications and applications, financial technology and services ("fintech") in addition to digital market place to closed-group communities. The Company's mission is to best serve the community through building digital technology eco-system. Median is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

For more information about Median, please visit: www.mediangroupinc.com.

About Getthiss Innovation Sdn. Bhd.

Getthiss Innovation Sdn. Bhd. is an independent advertising platform provider which emulates the business concept and model of web-based advertising systems in the likes of Facebook, Alibaba, Amazon, Lazada and not to mention the localized version namely Mudah. In addition, Getthiss offers a rewarding opportunity for professionals and entrepreneurs to create an income stream from advertising packages in the company. With its strategic business investment, Getthiss aspires to position itself as a telecommunication services provider under its own branding through white label, to deploy its own electronic distribution platform for managing its telco packs and reloads and a payment gateway provider.

Its related company, Getthiss (M) Sdn Bhd is promoting a range of halal certified organic skincare and cosmetic products through a network marketing channel to cater to its growing members. With this partnership, its members will benefit greatly from the new value added services offered by the company. "We believe the partnership between Getthiss and Median Group Inc. will enhance our image and provide our members with the confidence to grow the network further; and we are looking forward for a successful and rewarding business relationship with Median", proclaimed Mr. Muhammad Dzulnun Huraira, the Founder of Getthiss Innovation Sdn Bhd.

Photo - http://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20161019/8521606723 U.S. govt officials considering release of additional info on court order served on Yahoo - sources  Office of Director of National Intelligence confirms receipt of Yahoo's letter  
2016-03-30
Is Microsoft Corporation About To Buy Yahoo! Inc.? Microsoft and Yahoo Have a Long-Term Relationship

The pair of companies have a long running relationship related to search and advertising. Microsoft is said to want to maintain that connection and buy Yahoo s core business, which includes search, email and news. A report in Re/code said that the company has spoken to several private equity firms and would be willing to provide  significant  financing for a bid.

As it stands Yahoo has a market capitalization of approximately $33 billion. However most of that is due to its stakes in Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba (BABA) and Yahoo Japan.

Takeover Talks are Centered on Yahoo s Core Internet Business

Yahoo s core business is worth $6-8 billion. Yahoo has struggled against Google ( GOOGL ) and Facebook ( FB ) in the competition for online and mobile advertising.

The recruitment of former Google executive Marissa Mayer as CEO has proven ineffective. Mayer has had four years in charge of the company, to little effect.

Activist hedge fund Starboard Value LP last week tried to overthrow the entire Yahoo board, including Mayer. The fund has a long history of activism at Yahoo.

Microsoft has expressed an interest in acquiring Yahoo in the past. In 2008 former CEO Steve Ballmer attempted a $45 billion buyout that was ultimately unsuccessful.

A possible buyout would cost Microsoft far less today. Re/code believes that Yahoo s board would be willing to sell the core internet business for $10 billion.

Sources cited by Re/code s claim that Microsoft would not be willing to make a higher bid. Other companies such as AT&T ( T ), Verizon ( VZ ) and Comcast ( CMCSA ), have also been in touch with Yahoo about a takeover.

In December Fran Shammo, Chief Financial Officer at Verizon, said that the wireless carrier would consider buying out Yahoo s core business if it were a good fit.

Microsoft has not made any announcement and is keeping its cards close to its chest.

Many academics claim investing is a  random walk.  We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name  ValueWalk.  Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace Amid proxy fight, Yahoo makes it harder for shareholders to start proxy fights Yahoo Inc., embroiled in a proxy fight, has joined the long list of companies implementing proxy access, which gives longtime shareholders power to place board candidates on shareholder ballots.

In a change to Yahoo s bylaws, a stockholder or a group of up to 20 shareholders with a 3% stake for three years may nominate the greater of two directors or 20% of the total. The move is effective after Yahoo s 2016 annual meeting.

Read: Starboard calls for ousting Yahoo s board

Companies including General Electric Co. GE, -0.71% , AT&T Inc. T, -0.69% , Apple Inc. and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.80% have instituted proxy access, and 117 U.S. companies embraced the change during 2015.

This summer, Yahoo YHOO, +0.15% shareholders are likely to vote on whether to replace all nine board members with a slate nominated by activist investor Starboard Value LP, which has called for change at the web pioneer. The hedge fund has argued that Yahoo s management and board  have repeatedly failed shareholders. 

Starboard has pressured Yahoo and its Chief Executive Marissa Mayer as they attempt to turn around or sell the company, which has struggled to reinvent itself in the age of smartphones and social networks.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Yahoo Revises Bylaws to Grant Shareholders Proxy Access Yahoo Inc., embroiled in a proxy fight, has joined the long list of companies implementing proxy access, which gives longtime shareholders power to place board candidates on shareholder ballots.

In a change to Yahoo s bylaws, a stockholder or a group of up to 20 shareholders with a 3% stake for three years may nominate the greater of two directors or 20% of the total. The move is effective after Yahoo s 2016 annual meeting, which is... Yahoo Daily Fantasy Ditches Credit Cards In Favor Of PayPal Yahoo Daily Fantasy Ditches Credit Cards In Favor Of PayPal

Law360, New York (March 30, 2016, 6:34 PM EDT) -- Yahoo is no longer accepting credit card deposits for its daily fantasy sports contests but will still accept deposits from online payment processor PayPal, a spokesman confirmed Wednesday, as Yahoo has instituted several reforms and temporarily pulled out of New York state over legal scrutiny of daily fantasy contests.



The Internet giant declined to specify the reason behind no longer accepting credit card deposits, but the move comes just over a week after the company reached an agreement with New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman to suspend...

To view the full article, register now. Why Snapchat Might Develop Its Own Smart Glasses A Quick Look at Snapchat s Latest Initiatives PART 7 OF 9

Why Snapchat Might Develop Its Own Smart Glasses

Vergence Labs

Snapchat has gained recognition for building innovative and enticing features from receiving user-specific editorials in one place through Discover to displaying an array of snaps through Stories. Now the company is exploring the hardware sector. According to CNET, Snapchat has shown its interest in developing smart glasses equipped with an embedded camera.

In December 2014, Snapchat acquired Vergence Labs, which makes an eyeglass video camera, for $11 million. Vergence Labs  core product is Epiphany Eyewear glasses with a built-in video camera. Wearers can record video by simply tapping a button.

Interested in FB? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on FB Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Hiring

According to CNET, Snapchat is hiring members of the major augmented reality group such as  Microsoft s HoloLens, PTC s (formerly Qualcomm s) Vuforia and eye-tracking tech maker Eyefluence.  The company s move shows that it s building a pair of smart glasses to compete with Facebook s (FB) Oculus, Google Cardboard (GOOG), and Microsoft s HoloLens (MSFT).

In fact, Google plans to release the advanced version of Cardboard, which will use smartphones screen to improve users  experience. According to tech advisor Digi-Capital, augmented reality is expected to become a $120 billion market by 2020. The above graph shows that annual sales for VR (virtual reality) products continue to increase.

Facebook (FB) and Yahoo (YHOO) constitute 4.3% and 0.62% of the PowerShares QQQ ETF (QQQ). 
2016-01-14
Yahoo Releases the Largest-ever Machine Learning Dataset for Researchers SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) today announced the public release of the largest-ever machine learning dataset to the academic research community. With this release, the company aims to advance the field of large-scale machine learning and recommender systems, and to help level the playing field between industrial and academic research.

 Many academic researchers and data scientists don t have access to truly large-scale datasets because it is traditionally a privilege reserved for large companies,  said Suju Rajan, director of research, Yahoo Labs.  We are releasing this dataset for independent researchers because we value open and collaborative relationships with our academic colleagues, and are always looking to advance the state-of-the-art in machine learning and recommender systems. 

The Yahoo News Feed dataset is a collection based on a sample of anonymized user interactions on the news feeds of several Yahoo properties, including the Yahoo homepage, Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Movies, and Yahoo Real Estate. The dataset stands at a massive ~110B events (13.5TB uncompressed) of user-news item interaction data, collected by recording the user-item interactions of about 20M users from February 2015 to May 2015.

"Yahoo's release of the Yahoo News Feed dataset is a significant contribution to the research community. Academic researchers everywhere will finally have access to realistic scale data to study how to automatically discover which news articles are of interest to which users, and will be able to compare their methods using this as a shared test case,  said Tom Mitchell, machine learning department chair, Carnegie Mellon University.  Here at CMU we'll certainly be using it for our research."

The dataset provides categorized demographic information (age range, gender, and generalized geographic data) for a subset of the anonymized users. On the item side, the title, summary and key-phrases of the news article in question are also included, and interaction data is timestamped with the user s local time and also contains partial information of the device used to access the news feeds.

"Access to datasets of this size is essential to design and develop machine learning algorithms and technology that scales to truly  big  data,  said Gert Lanckriet, professor, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of California, San Diego.  At the Jacobs School of Engineering at UC San Diego, it will directly and significantly benefit the wide variety of ongoing research in machine learning, artificial intelligence, information retrieval, and big data applications."

"At the UMass Amherst Center for Data Science we have broad interests in developing new methods for scalable analytics on a wide variety of big-data domains,"said Andrew McCallum, director of the Center and professor in the College of Information and Computer Sciences. "The release of this large Yahoo News Feed dataset will be a tremendous asset for the academic research community, and for us at UMass particularly, given our major research activities in natural language processing, information retrieval, databases and computational social science."

About the Webscope program:

The dataset is available as part of the Yahoo Labs Webscope data-sharing program, which is a reference library of scientifically-useful datasets comprised of anonymized user data for non-commercial use. The dataset we are releasing today is governed by our commitment to safeguard our users  privacy and follows our practice of protecting and anonymizing user data.

About Yahoo Labs:

Yahoo Labs is the scientific engine guiding Yahoo innovation while powering impactful products for Yahoo s users, partners, and advertisers. Yahoo Labs serves as Yahoo s research arm its incubator for bold new ideas and laboratory for rigorous experimentation. Yahoo Labs applies its scientific findings in powering products for Yahoo s users and enhancing value for its partners and advertisers. Yahoo Labs  forward-looking innovation also helps position Yahoo as an industry and scientific thought leader. For more information, visit labs.yahoo.com or Yahoo Labs  blog (yahoolabs.tumblr.com).

About Yahoo:

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). 
2016-08-25
SAP buying former Yahoo CTO's Big Data startup for more than $125M  
2016-09-15
Marissa Mayer Falls From Grace on Yahoo! Inc. Golden Parachute (YHOO) The dollar amount seems outrageous to most observers. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) CEO Marissa Mayer   who isn t expected to stay on after Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) completes its acquisition early next year   is expected to receive a severance package on the order of $44 million once she goes.

That s $44 million despite the fact that she essentially failed to do for Yahoo what YHOO shareholders were expecting her to do.

Too big of a golden parachute, all things considered?

There s no denying the dollar figure stirs up a debate on the matter, but amazingly enough (and not necessarily in a good way), the parting gift Mayer stands to receive is much lower than some were awarded in the recent past.

It s also much bigger than some other severance packages received by CEOs who arguably did their job much better than Mayer did hers.

Mayer s Golden Parachute Isn t Abnormal

Just for the record, that $44 million golden parachute wouldn t be an all-cash offer. The bulk of it would be in the form of exercised stock options. The award would only fork over about $3 million in raw cash.

Considering the average college grad only makes about $2 million over the course of his or her lifetime, is that sum ridiculous? Not as much as some other juicy financial packages handed over to departing CEOs in recent history.

Remember former General Electric Company (NYSE :GE ) CEO Jack Welch? He walked away with $417 million worth of compensation just for stepping down back in 2000. Granted, he led the company for 20 years, and grew it significantly to the benefit of shareholders. Still, $417 million is a ton of money.

The figure isn t even challenged by the $85 million former Viacom chief Tom Freston pocketed when he was booted in 2006. Add about $23 million to that figure for things like stock and a retirement fund payout. Then again, he only held the job for nine months. In terms of compensation relative to the time of service rendered, it s arguably the sweetest deal ever concocted.

It s also one that will forever spur the question  what if? 

Although, not the official reason, a key factor in Freston s exit was his failure to acquire MySpace; News Corp (NASDAQ: NWSA ) nabbed it for $580 million.

In retrospect, it may have been a brilliant decision on the part of Freston. News Corp ended up taking a huge loss on MySpace, selling it for $35 million just a few years later when Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) surpassed it. Yet, one can t help but wonder what MySpace might have become in someone else s hands. Perhaps Facebook would have never gotten out of the gate.

Not every gold parachute is a painfully generous deal, however.

Take the severance package Apache Corporation (NYSE: APA ) would offer its CEO John Christmann were he to be forced out. It s only $8.4 million.

Granted, the loss-making company arguably can t afford to offer anything extra to any employee, working or fired. By most corporate America standards, though, that s chump change.

Former Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE: VRX ) CEO Michael Pearson wasn t exactly lavished when he stepped down earlier this year either. His deal was only worth about $12 million. Of course, he also left Valeant Pharmaceuticals under the scrutinizing microscope of the federal government, and with a marred public opinion   not that others haven t done worse, yet collected more.

There Is No  Normal 

Yes, $44 million seems high in light of what Marissa Mayer didn t accomplish as the head of Yahoo. The figure seems even more unjust knowing she also collected more than $160 million worth of pay during her four years as CEO. But, it s not an unusual deal for the folks who make it to the top of the corporate food chain.

More than anything, the size of a golden parachute is mostly a reflection of how well a CEO negotiated before signing a contract, which   like sports   is a matter of star power as much as it s a matter of capability.

Mayer had an average amount of star power and negotiating skills. It s the shareholder tolerance for such deals that have gotten out of whack.

As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 
2016-03-15
Yahoo Community Benefit Fund announces 2016 grant process Tue, Mar 15th 2016 03:20 pm

Applications due April 29

The Yahoo Community Benefit Fund is now accepting grant applications from nonprofit organizations for its 2016 grant cycle. Applications are due at 4 p.m. April 29, and are available for submission at cfgb.org/yahoo.

The fund will award grants annually to organizations that are located in and/or serve Niagara County residents. Preference will be given to organizations or projects that are located in and/or benefit the Greater Lockport area. This year's grant cycle will prioritize applications that support the fund's five interest areas, including:

Family and community building

Youth education

Economic development

Environment

Animal welfare

Approximately $230,000 is available for the 2016 grant cycle. Grant awards are determined by the fund's resident advisory council, with decisions to be announced late July.

Organizations that are interested in learning more about this grant application process are encouraged to attend a grant briefing session from 10 a.m. until noon Tuesday, March 29, at the Lockport Ice Arena, 34 Chestnut St.

The Yahoo Community Benefit Fund was established in 2015 as part of Yahoo! Inc.'s agreement with Empire State Development to open a customer care and data center in the Town of Lockport. For more information, visit cfgb.org/yahoo.

The Community Foundation for Greater Buffalo, a 501(c) (3) organization, was established in 1919 to enhance and encourage long-term philanthropy in the Western New York community. The Community Foundation's mission is: Connecting people, ideas and resources to improve lives in Western New York. For over 95 years, the Community Foundation has made the most of the generosity of individuals, families, foundations and organizations who entrust charitable assets to the Community Foundation's care. Visit www.cfgb.org to learn more. Dial  C  for Confusion: Courts Split on TCPA Definition of Autodialer USA March 15 2016

Notwithstanding so-called  guidance  from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in its July 2015 Order, the definition of  automatic telephone dialing system  (ATDS or autodialer) continues to be a disputed issue. This issue perpetuates the uncertainty over the scope of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and creates confusion for businesses that are working in good faith to operate within the parameters of the statute. The FCC s Omnibus Order issued on July 10, 2015 resolving more than half a dozen petitions on the autodialer question failed to provide clarity and is being challenged in an appeal pending before a federal appellate court in Washington, DC. Even before the FCC issued its Order, the courts were split on the meaning of the term, and more recent decisions show that courts are continuing to struggle to apply a workable definition. The uncertainty over the definition of ATDS affects the scope of the TCPA and makes it difficult for businesses using automated communications to ensure compliance and manage litigation risk.

Recent FCC Guidance

The TCPA restricts the use of autodialers, which are defined by the statute as  equipment which has the capacity (A) to store or produce telephone numbers to be called, using a random or sequential number generator; and (B) to dial such numbers. 1 In 2012, the FCC stated that the definition  covers any equipment that has the specified capacity to generate numbers and dial them without human intervention regardless of whether the numbers called are randomly or sequentially generated or come from calling lists.  In re Soundbite Communications, Inc. Declaratory Ruling, CG Docket No. 02-278 (Nov. 29, 2012). This definition includes  hardware, when paired with certain software, [that] has the capacity to store or produce numbers and dial those numbers at random, in sequential order, or from a database of numbers.  Id. Also included within the FCC s definition of autodialers are predictive dialers, defined as  equipment that dials numbers and, when certain computer software is attached, also assists telemarketers in predicting when a sales agent will be available to take calls. 

In its July 10, 2015 Order, the FCC stated that the mere capacity or capability alone to store or produce, and dial random or sequential numbers, without any showing that such functionality had been utilized or even could have been utilized at the time the calls were made, would define whether equipment constitutes an autodialer, thus giving rise to potential TCPA liability for the use of such equipment, regardless of whether the autodialer functionality was actually used and even if the equipment was used only to dial numbers from customer telephone lists. This FCC guidance is counter to several court decisions that had applied a more common sense standard by recognizing that an equipment s capacity alone, without some showing that the functionality in question had been utilized, should not be sufficient to establish liability under the TCPA. Gragg v. Orange Cab Co., Inc., 995 F. Supp. 2d 1189, 1196 (W.D. Wash. 2014). See also Marks v. Crunch San Diego, LLC, 55 F. Supp. 3d 1288, 1291-1292 (S.D. Cal. Oct. 23, 2014);Glauser v. GroupMe, Inc., 2015 WL 475111 *3-4 (N.D. Cal. Feb. 4, 2015).

Not only did the FCC s July 10, 2015 Order suggest a broad definition of autodialer, but the Order also failed to provide meaningful guidance on the type of equipment that would not qualify as an autodialer under the FCC s definition. Instead, the FCC s Order offers only an unhelpful truism that a rotary dial phone is not an autodialer. The FCC stated that while  it might be theoretically possible to modify a rotary-dial phone to such an extreme that it would satisfy the definition of  autodialer,  . . . such a possibility is too attenuated for us to find that a rotary-dial phone has the requisite  capacity  and therefore is an autodialer.  By resorting to comparisons with rotary phones as an example of what is not an autodialer, the FCC s Order is effectively devoid of any meaningful or practical guidance. Even a federal appellate court has noted that the ruling is  hardly a model of clarity. Dominguez v. Yahoo, Inc., No. 14-1751 (3d. Cir. Oct. 23, 2015).

An appeal of the FCC s Order on this issue is currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, with further proceedings expected in 2016.

Recent Court Decisions

Notwithstanding the uncertainty created by the FCC s July 2015 Order, a number of courts have issued decisions on the definition of autodialer since the FCC s Order. Several courts have applied a practical standard and continued to use the element of human intervention as the touchstone, so that a calling system requiring human intervention has not been held to be an autodialer. These courts have not expansively interpreted the FCC s suggestion that equipment that presently requires human intervention can constitute an autodialer if its capacity could hypothetically be upgraded or modified to place automated calls. Other courts, however, may be taking a broader view of the FCC s Order, though the cases are necessarily fact-specific and varying outcomes can often be explained by differences in the specific facts.

Several lower courts have focused on the element of human intervention and dismissed cases where the communications to the plaintiff were initiated through some type of human intervention, regardless of the equipment s theoretical capacity. In Luna v. Shac, LLC, No. 14-cv-00607, 2015 WL 4941781 (N.D. Cal. Aug. 19, 2015), the court held that a web-based text messaging platform was not an autodialer. The court adopted a test based on human intervention and did not decide the issue based on theoretical capacity. Similarly, in Derby v. AOL, Inc., 2015 WL 5316403, at *4-6 (N.D .Cal., 2015), another text message case, the court dismissed TCPA claims and found that a system that never operates without human intervention is not an autodialer under the TCPA. In Freyja v. Dun & Bradstreet, Inc., No. CV14-7831 (C.D. Cal Oct 14, 2015), the court granted summary judgment for the defendant where a call was manually dialed and therefore involved human intervention was used; the fact that the phone was connected to a desktop computer did not transform it into an autodialer. And inGaza v. LTD Fin. Servs., L.P., No. 8:14-CV-1012, 2015 WL 5009741, at *1 (M.D. Fla. Aug. 24, 2015), the court held that a point-and-click calling system constituted manual dialing and was not an autodialer. Specifically, the agent pulled up the subject account from a database and then used a mouse to manually click on the phone number associated with the account to launch the call. The court held that calls made by this equipment required human intervention, and the equipment was therefore not an autodialer.

Other courts have gone in a different direction, at least in part. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed a favorable defense decision on the autodialer issue and remanded the case for further proceedings in light of the FCC s July 2015 Order. Dominguez v. Yahoo, Inc., No. 14-1751 (3d. Cir. Oct. 23, 2015). The case involved text message notifications sent each time an email was sent to the user s Yahoo email account. The district court held that the texts were not sent by an autodialer because the equipment used to send the texts did not use a  random or sequential number generator  but rather dialed from a compiled list. The appellate court reversed and remanded to the lower court to consider whether the calling system had the  latent capacity  to constitute an autodialer under the standard set by the FCC s July 2015 Order.

In another case involving welcome messages sent as part of a mobile message service, a federal court in California held that the autodialer issue should be submitted to the jury at trial. Sherman v. Yahoo!, Inc., 3:13-cv-041 (S.D. Cal. Dec 14, 2015). The plaintiff received a welcome text message on his cell phone at the time he received an individualized message from another user of the platform. The defendant argued on summary judgment that human intervention by the other user triggered the welcome text, and therefore the text platform could not be considered an autodialer. The court disagreed. In the court s view, the FCC s 2015 Order  backed away from the  human intervention  element.  On that basis, the court distinguished cases decided before the FCC s July 2015 Order.

Conclusion

The lingering uncertainty over the meaning of ATDS, and with it the broader issue of the scope of the TCPA, creates uncertainty and compliance burdens on companies that wish to communicate with their customers. The pending appellate challenge to the FCC s Order opens a new chapter in this fundamental question affecting the scope of the TCPA. Why Messaging Startup Slack Keeps Raising Money It Doesn't Need Slack Technologies Inc.'s product is only two years old, yet the corporate messaging startup has already raised more than $300 million. And it's not stopping there. The San Francisco company has been looking to raise between $150 million and $300 million more, Bloomberg reported this month.

Stewart Butterfield, the chief executive officer at Slack, said the company is close to profitable. So why continue fundraising? It's partly a recruitment tool. Butterfield explained during an onstage interview at South by Southwest that workers like to see the company's valuation continue growing at a rapid pace.

Slack competes with other high-flying startups and major tech companies like Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. when trying to lure top talent. When job candidates ask why they should place their bets on Slack's stock instead of Google's, a soaring valuation helps answer the question. "Getting a valuation tick would be the only rationale for raising money," Butterfield said. "The reality is that over the last two years, compensation has gone crazy especially in the last six months."

After an investment valuing the company at $2.8 billion less than a year ago, Slack is looking to increase that to as much as $4 billion with the current fundraising round. It's an unusual case in a cooling startup fundraising environment. Most companies can no longer treat venture capitalists like ATMs. Butterfield said raising money is generally harder now. Investors are skittish about an imminent plunge in the public markets, which could drag down the private markets, he said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

But Butterfield doesn't expect carnage. "There will definitely be a shift in venture capitalist behavior, dependent on what's going on in the public markets, but it takes a while," he said. VCs still have plenty of cash sitting around in funds. They probably won't give the money back, and it's their job to invest it. "They might pull back temporarily, and I think we've seen that over the past couple months," Butterfield said. "But they're not going to pull back forever, because they can't."

For Slack, the free-flowing capital has enabled it to spend on advertising and other ways to keep it growing. The company has posted billboards in several cities and aired commercials on television.

Butterfield, who also co-founded photo-sharing site Flickr and sold it to Yahoo! Inc. in 2005, acknowledges that he's benefited from a bit of luck in his career. "We are clever, and we work hard, but every time there was a coin toss, it came up in our favor, over and over again," Butterfield said. "I'm enjoying this, and I will never have another opportunity again like this in my lifetime." 
2016-04-22
Yahoo Said to Narrow Field of Bidders as Soon as Next Week Yahoo Said to Narrow Field of Bidders as Soon as Next Week

First-round bidders for Yahoo! Inc. could find out as early as next week whether they ve made it through to the next stage.

Yahoo s advisers will spend the weekend narrowing down the field of bidders after receiving more than 10 initial offers for the Internet company ranging from about $4 billion to $8 billion, according to people with knowledge of the matter.

Several first-round bidders will be eliminated to slim down the group, the people said, asking not to be identified because the process is private.

After culling the list to a handful of the most plausible buyers, Yahoo will give them increased access to internal documents and management, one of the people said. A decision on a winner is probably at least a month away, the people said.

Yahoo Chief Executive Officer Marisa Mayer said on an earnings call with analysts Tuesday that the company is moving swiftly to consider offers for its Web operations and that efforts  reflect clear, decisive action to move forward quickly and in a way that we believe will yield enhanced value. 

Higher Bids

Yahoo and its advisers are already speaking with bidders to glean more information about the structure of the various offers, and to get a sense for how much analysis they ve already done on the deal.

Some of the higher bids -- towards the $8 billion end of the range -- came from companies or private equity firms that haven t spent as much time with Yahoo, one of the people said.

Bidders include Verizon Communications Corp., YP Holdings LLC, TPG, and a consortium led by Bain Capital LP and Vista Equity Partners LLC, people familiar with the matter said earlier this week. At least one or two other strategic firms, as opposed to private equity funds, also bid, one of the people said Friday.

SoftBank Corp. doesn t have interest in buying Yahoo s core Internet business but will have discussions with any buyer that wants to also acquire the Yahoo Japan Corp. stake, according to people familiar with the matter.

SoftBank and Verizon have already had preliminary discussions about Yahoo Japan, two of the people said. The conversations have addressed two scenarios -- SoftBank buying back the stake and Verizon keeping it, the people said. Verizon is attempting to get a waiver from Yahoo to restart conversations over Yahoo Japan with SoftBank, the people said.

Representatives for Yahoo, Verizon and SoftBank declined to comment.

Companies that bid on Yahoo haven t been allowed to speak to other potential buyers given the terms of the non-disclosure agreements they signed. Offers for Yahoo Ranged From $4-8 Billion NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

55:22 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2016-03-21
Apple's new iPhone SE and iPad Pro, in pictures As predicted, Apple s big event Monday brought smaller-screened versions of its most powerful iPhone and iPad.

Since the company s new iPhone SE is essentially an iPhone 6s in the body of a 2013 iPhone 5s, and the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is a certifiable dwarf version of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, it s true that the excitement in these gadgets isn t really in their looks. Nevertheless, we re here like clockwork to provide some first-impression shots of them all the same.

So! Enjoy taking a gander at Apple s ho-hum-looking mobile device refreshes, presented at some great angles.

(Photos by Daniel Howley)

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter @danielwbean. And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook!

 FanDuel, DraftKings shut down daily fantasy sports games in New York  Craig Sager clarifies 3-to-6-month timeline, vows to keep fighting  
2016-08-28
Scam Alert: Yahoo Promotion Most people completely ignore their spam folders. But I scour mine to find the latest scam, which acts like cyber-flypaper for all sorts of swindles.

Recently I got a message congratulating me on winning something from " Inc." The subject line simply read "Yahoo Promotion."

Of course, it was some kind of fraud designed me to open an attached file and download a virus, malware or some other malicious software. Or they simply wanted to steal personal information for the purposes of identity theft.

So I didn't open it.

Most likely, the scam was a ruse to get me to provide personal information like a bank account or Social Security number. Needless to say, I didn't take this any further and jettisoned the email from my spam folder.

According to Yahoo! Answers, this is how the swindle works:

"You can not win something you did not enter or play. Besides, Yahoo, Hotmail, Gmail, , MSN and Aol do not have lotteries, reward programs, promotions, or contests.

It is a scam to get your personal information and/or money.

-- Do not respond to it.

-- Report it, forward it to the FTC here.

-- For Yahoo, report them here. Choose "fraud" as the reason for the violation you're reporting on.

-- If the E-mail appears to be impersonating a bank or other company or organization, forward the message to the actual organization."

Sadly though, I can imagine some naive person opening that file and sending personal identification and getting fleeced through an identity theft scam. Although no one knows for sure how many get deceived by this fraud, it's probably more than what authorities are saying.

What kinds of red flags should you look for? Here are some more tips from the FTC:

Spot imposters. Scammers often pretend to be someone you trust, like a government official, a family member, a charity, or a company you do business with. Don t send money or give out personal information in response to an unexpected request   whether it comes as a text, a phone call, or an email.

Check Them Out. Do online searches. Type a company or product name into your favorite search engine with words like  review,   complaint  or  scam.  Or search for a phrase that describes your situation, like  IRS call.  You can even search for phone numbers to see if other people have reported them as scams.

Don t believe your caller ID. Technology makes it easy for scammers to fake caller ID information, so the name and number you see aren t always real. If someone calls asking for money or personal information, hang up.

Don t pay upfront for a promise. Someone might ask you to pay in advance for things like debt relief, credit and loan offers, mortgage assistance, or a job. They might even say you ve won a prize, but first you have to pay taxes or fees. If you do, they will probably take the money and disappear.

Consider how you pay. Credit cards have significant fraud protection built in, but some payment methods don t. Wiring money through services like or MoneyGram is risky because it s nearly impossible to get your money back. That s also true for reloadable cards like MoneyPak, Reloadit or Vanilla.

Talk to someone. Before you give up your money or personal information, talk to someone you trust. Con artists want you to make decisions in a hurry. They might even threaten you. Slow down, check out the story, do an online search, consult an expert   or just tell a friend.

John F. Wasik is the author of "Lightning Strikes," "The Debt-Free Degree," "Keynes's Way to Wealth"and 13 other books on innovation, money and life. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Verizon's Mixed Bag Purchases Of Yahoo And Fleetmatics In all cases, investors should be looking for a 2-5 year horizon before the full benefit of these acquisitions occur.

While both purchases have their upside, Fleetmatics should have a more immediate and positive impact on Verizon's performance.

Meanwhile the lower profile purchase of Fleetmatics ties much closer to Verizon's core business of wireless and data service.

The Yahoo purchase has excited the investorverse, as it gives Verizon a marketing reach to over 2 billion monthly users.

In recent weeks Verizon (NYSE: VZ) announced purchases of Yahoo (NASDAQ: YHOO) and Fleetmatics Group (NYSE: FLTX), splashing a bit over $7.2 billion to acquire the assets. This is a mixed bag of the types of assets - a social media icon versus a fleet management enterprise. But the opportunities provided, and the potential potholes in the road, will also impact Verizon's bottom line. This impact will likely be more of a mixed bag. While Verizon stands as a tantalizing long term investment, there could be some serious digestion issues before everything comes out all right.

First, let's look at the three companies involved.

THE BUYER: VERIZON

From the Seeking Alpha profile page for Verizon:

Verizon Communications, Inc. is a holding company which engages in the provision of broadband and communication services. It operates through the Wireless and Wireline segments. The Wireless segment offers postpaid and prepaid telecommunications network and sells cellular phones and tablets. The Wireline segment includes local exchange and long distance voice services, broadband video, and network access.

In fact Verizon by many metrics is the leader in wireless communication. It was the first of its ilk to roll out 4G service and is on line to roll out 5G wireless service in 2017, a year before major competitors AT&T (NYSE: T), Sprint: (NYSE: S) and T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS) look to be gunning for a June 2018 roll out.

VZ data by YCharts

The company has a recent stock price just above $52/share, within a 52-week range of $42.20-$56.95. Its recent EPS of $3.54 supports a PE ((NYSE:TTM)) of 14.71 while its dividend rate of 2.26 brings a yield of 4.34%. It has a market cap of $212.25 billion.

One of the biggest drivers for recent Verizon growth has been its commitment to the Internet of Things (IoT). SeekingAlpha Contributor Nikhil Gupta in this article pointed out how Verizon's growth in IoT is brisk at 25% y/y.

Gupta quoted from Verizon's 2015 Annual Report:

The adoption of IoT technology continues to increase, primarily led by the telematics and transportation industries. Through Verizon Telematics, we provide connectivity and telematics to manufacturers such as Mercedez-Benz and help businesses manage large vehicle fleets more efficiently. Our Networkfleet solution provides commercial fleet managers throughout North America with real-time access to data that yields operational efficiencies, increased vehicle reliability and improved driver safety. We also provide this service to over 28,900 vehicles operated by Verizon.

And yet, even as a market leader and innovator Verizon has had a consistent history of underperforming the general market:

VZ Total Return Price data by YCharts

It has outperformed this last year, largely because of first rumors and then actual news of Verizon's acquisitions.

One thing to note is that within its own system Verizon is a dedicated marketer. Especially in its wireless units, it sells and upsells with vigor. My cell service is with Verizon, and I can personally attest to two things with the company:

Its network has a broad reach. I live in Las Vegas. It is widely accepted by locals here that if you are going to places like the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam or Red Rock Canyon, you better have Verizon. AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile do not reach. You will get a steady stream of text messages to conveniently upgrade your service.

Verizon believes it does well in mining its current customer base for new revenue. And yes, it does. Not only does it have the most subscribers of its major competitors, as well as the lowest churn rate, but the best Average Revenue Per Customer (ARPU) based on 4Q 2015:

Verizon leads their competitors in Subscribers and ARPU Company Subscribers (millions) ARPU Verizon 140.098 $48.95 AT&T 128.640 $38.78 T-Mobile USA 63.282 $43.30 Sprint 57.904 $44.10

It can be exciting marketing to send out a text to 140 million people and watch new orders roll in. Which brings us to the Yahoo purchase.

THE OPERATIONS ASSETS: YAHOO

Again, from the SeekingAlpha profile page for Yahoo:

Yahoo!, Inc. operates as a digital media company that is focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through research, communications, and digital content products. It operates through the following geographical segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific.

Its recent stock price has been just above $42 within a 52-week channel of $26.15-$43.29. It has a market cap of $40.19 billion and a negative EPS of -5.18. It does not pay a dividend.

YHOO data by YCharts

The negative EPS is due in large part due to a series of write downs the social network company made for its purchase of Tumblr. Yahoo bought the company in 2013 for $1.2 billion and this year has written off a total of $712 million. More on write downs later.

Yahoo used to be like Verizon is now, the industry leader and all others were months, if not years behind in marketing and technology. Then came Google, aka Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG), and directions of the two companies split sharply:

YHOO Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts

Part of the problem has been the change in importance from PC to mobile technology. Mobile devices have smaller screens with much more limited opportunities for traditional monetization options like page ads. Google has done a much better job of monetizing its platform and growing market share at the expense of Yahoo.

The current Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer went on a 53 company buying binge to try to tie up new technologies and new talent to bring Yahoo back to relevance. The results of that binge resulted in Yahoo's Tumblr write downs. I personally suspect that there are a lot more write downs needed in the wake of those purchases, since almost all of those former purchases have been shuttered, their assets and talent quietly enfolded into the main Yahoo operations.

The announced cost of the purchase was $4.8 billion in cash, but on top of that, Verizon takes on a $600 million obligation in Restricted Stock Units (stock options) to get the Yahoo brand and its operational assets.

An interesting quote from CEO Mayer in Yahoo's in the company's July 25 conference call:

I want to point out that this sale does not include Yahoo!'s cash, its shares in Alibaba Group Holdings, its shares in Yahoo Japan, Yahoo!'s convertible notes, certain minority investments, and Yahoo!'s non-core patents called the Excalibur portfolio. These assets will continue to be held by Yahoo! which will change its name at closing and become a registered publicly traded investment company. Yahoo! will provide additional information about the investment company at a future date.

As I explored in an earlier article: Yahoo's Mayer is basically jettisoning the thorny parts of Yahoo to Verizon. The remainder will include the company's strategic investments which are more uncomplicated opportunities.

Verizon is looking to synergize the vast social media reach of Yahoo plus Verizon's earlier purchase of AOL. Suddenly the data and network provider has upwards of 2 billion monthly users, not just 140 million.

Yet Verizon is a network and data provider, not a social media expert. It is not going to be as easy as sending text messages to those 2 billion users.

There is also some similarity between Verizon's 2015 $4.4 billion purchase of AOL along with the 2016 grab for the operational assets of Yahoo. In each case, AOL and Yahoo were once market drivers in earlier days of the Internet. Both struggled in later years adapting to new market realities, but retained large monthly user bases.

Smart money says it will take time to figure out how AOL and the Yahoo brands will mesh, or not. It will also take time to see if the wireless provider can untangle the Gordian Knot of how to monetize AOL's and Yahoo's vast user base.

This sale has opportunity written all over it. But no doubt it will take many quarters, or years, to digest it all and figure out how to make this all work.

THE FLEET SERVICES: FLEETMATICS GROUP

Meanwhile the purchase of Fleetmatics looks to be a lot more straight forward. One more time, from SeekingAlpha's Fleetmatics profile page:

Fleetmatics Group Plc is a global provider of fleet management solutions for small and mid-sized businesses. Its services include GPS Fleet Management and Field Service Management.

The company's stock was recently trading around $60 within a 52-week $34.41-$62.86 range. It boasts an EPS of $0.79 for a whopping PE of 75.82. It pays no dividend.

FLTX data by YCharts

A good part of Verizon's IoT direction is an already healthy fleet management division, Verizon Networkfleet. The stateside operations of the two should meld with a minimum of fuss, but where this really works is that Fleetmatics has a broad international profile. It opens up Europe wide for Networkfleet to waltz in.

As of to June 30, 2016, Fleetmatics served approximately 38,000 customers and approximately 757,000 subscribed vehicles worldwide. Plus Fleetmatics has a robust cash flow model. It should have a solid positive impact near term on operations

NEAR TERM IMPACT OF THE ACQUISITIONS

VZ Net Debt Issuance (TTM) data by YCharts

After splashing around more than $11.6 billion in cash transactions in just over a year I worry that things can get a bit tight for the company. Verizon had done an outstanding job of lowering its indebtedness but a new $7.2 billion cash hit is going to remove some of this benefits.

Worse, I expect there are going to be a long series of write downs as Verizon fully integrates the AOL and Yahoo units into its own structure. Some write downs will be from removing duplication of effort. others, though will probably come from what I still consider some bloated valuations for some of the dead 53 acquisitions at Yahoo under Mayer's watch.

I don't expect this to become alarming, but there will be a drag on earnings for quarters to come. The trouble is this is like buying a house to remodel and flip. You really won't know how much it will cost until you start ripping out the walls.

LONG TERM IMPACT OF THE ACQUISITIONS

Here is where it becomes tricky, because so much depends on exactly what Verizon does with their new acquisitions.

The key here is that the life of Verizon has been driven by growth. And in fact the last five years Verizon has been one of those stocks you could make a career, or retirement out of:

VZ data by YCharts

But it sits at a crossroads. Author Kevin Fritchard wrote convincingly, during Verizon's purchase of AOL, on how the opportunities of Verizon for organic growth is becoming limited by its very size. If it wants to continue to grow, it needs to find new markets.

And thus we seem to have a $7 billion (NASDAQ:PLUS) swing for the fences to open up new directions for future growth. Success will mean that Verizon will continue to be the growing behemoth.

I expect that these purchases will drive future growth. But since costs and revenues from the Yahoo acquisitions are impossible to quantify at this point, this needs close watching.

ELSEWHERE ON THE HORIZON

One element that has the attention of some analysts is the looming plan by BlackBerry (NASDAQ: BBRY) of entering the fleet tracking game.

The water cooler rumors are that BlackBerry will be rolling out its new service in 2017, and would likely have comparable features at a lower price. The guidance has been that BlackBerry will first launch their system in North America, before reaching into Europe and Asia.

The Verizon - Fleetmatics combination may be too much for BlackBerry to overcome. Yet we are talking about technology being applied in new ways and we are still in a pioneering stage. So far this niche market has limited competition. Adding another player will bear watching.

CONCLUSION

The Verizon acquisitions of Fleetmatics and the operational assets of Yahoo are a mixed bag. The Fleetmatics looks to immediately add to the bottom line while opening up Verizon's IoT into Europe and other foreign markets.

Meanwhile the Yahoo acquisition provides opportunities to vastly expand Verizon's marketing reach. This just so long it can solve the monetization issues which bedeviled both AOL's and Yahoo's management teams. This acquisition looks to take a lot longer to bring to fruition, and to be painful at times.

Verizon is an excellent long term investment for patient investors. I expect over the next 12 month's Verizon's stock price to be choppy, providing good opportunities to accumulate long term positions at dips. Assuming everything works out, I expect Verizon will range to $80-100 in three years. The wide range is due to the numerous factors involved in the consolidations of operations.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-09-08
Yahoo open-sources Pulsar, a low-latency alternative to Apache Kafka Yahoo! Inc. has open-sourced a new distributed  publish and subscribe  messaging system called Pulsar that s capable of scaling out while maintaining low latencies. Yahoo has long used Pulsar to back some of its own critical applications, and now wants the open-source community to help further its development.

Publish-and-subscribe refers to a messaging system in which the senders of messages, called publishers, do not program the messages to be sent directly to specific receivers, called subscribers, but instead characterize published messages into classes without knowledge of which subscribers, if any, there may be. In a nutshell, publish-and-subscribe is a highly-scalable system for applications to communicate with one another.

Yahoo developers Joe Francis and Matteo Merli introduced Pulsar on the company s engineering blog, explaining some of the application requirements they had that led to its development.

 These applications provide real-time services, and need publish-latencies of 5ms on average and no more than 15ms at the 99th percentile,  they wrote.  At Internet scale, these applications require a messaging system with ordering, strong durability, and delivery guarantees. 

They added that messages also need to be committed to multiple disks or nodes to achieve the 99.999 percent guaranteed durability Pulsar assures.

 At the time we started, we could not find any existing open-source messaging solution that could provide the scale, performance, and features Yahoo required to provide messaging as a hosted service, supporting a million topics,  the engineers explained. As such, they  set out to build Pulsar as a general messaging solution, that also addresses these specific requirements. 

Pulsar was designed to work on commodity hardware and scale horizontally in order to provide messaging services to multiple apps. The system can be scaled up to accommodate millions of topics and many more millions of messages per second, Pusar s GitHub page reveals.

Pulsar is accessible via a collection of APIs, and also comes with a client library that contains the messaging protocol and provides functionality such as service discovery, establishing and recovering connections.

How Pulsar works

Yahoo s Francis and Merli also discussed Pulsar s architecture in the blog, saying a cluster is composed of a set of brokers, BookKeepers and a ZooKeeper to manage coordination and configuration. A single Pulsar instance can consist of multiple clusters which can be geographically separated from one another, the engineers explained.

Pulsar s durable storage mechanism is provided by Apache BookKeeper, another Yahoo-built project that was open-sourced in 2011.

 With Bookkeeper, applications can create many independent logs, called ledgers,  it says on the Pulsar GitHub page.  A ledger is an append-only data structure with a single writer that is assigned to multiple storage nodes (or bookies) and whose entries are replicated to multiple of these nodes. 

Topics are assigned to individual brokers, which can serve up to thousands of topics at once, the company said.

 The broker accepts messages from writers, commits them to a durable store, and dispatches them to readers,  the GitHub page reads.

As for Apache ZooKeeper, this is used to help ensure all the bits of Pulsar work together. ZooKeeper was also a Yahoo internal project, open-sourced to the Apache Software Foundation back in 2008, and has now become an integral part of Apache Hadoop.

A Kafka challenger?

BookKeeper is critical to Pulsar s high level of durability, and also provides it with the capability to scale different elements of the system independently. BookKeeper s capabilities also help to explain why Yahoo build Pulsar in the first place, instead of using an existing messaging technology like Apache Kafka.

 By using separate physical disks (one for journal and another for general storage), bookies are able to isolate the effects of read operations from impacting the latency of ongoing write operations, and vice-versa,  Francis and Merli wrote.  Since read and write paths are decoupled, spikes in reads   which commonly occur when readers drain backlog to catch up   do not impact publish latencies in Pulsar. This sets Pulsar apart from other commonly-used messaging systems. 

In their blog post, Francis and Merli said the first instance of Pulsar was deployed back in Spring of 2015. Since then, Yahoo has adopted Pulsar in many of its key services, such as Yahoo Mail, Finance, Gemini Ads, Sports and Sherp, the company s distributed key-value service. Pulsar now publishes around 100 billion messages a day across 1.4 million topics. Latency averages at less than five milliseconds.

Yahoo hopes that by open-sourcing Pulsar it will be able to speed up the system s development. The company said it s hoping the open-source community can help it to decrease the time it takes for topics to be migrated across brokers from the current 10 seconds to under one second. It also wants to provide additional language bindings for Pulsar, and improve publish latencies further.

Image credit: Stuart Rankin via flickr.com 
2016-05-16
Soros Fund reveals stakes in Apple, Fitbit, Yahoo; trims stakes in Google ...  Warren Buffett Backs Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Bidding: Reuters Published By: Ramsha Amir on May 16, 2016 08:23 am EST

The once-mighty Internet business Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is all set to auction its shattered business after witnessing a massive $139 million revenue decline in March quarter results in 2016. The Internet giant failed to keep up with the ever-changing Internet trends, leading it to reduce its workforce and subsequently sell off core assets. In February, CEO Marissa Mayer announced the company s plan to auction Internet assets for  improving long-term growth  in order to "engage on qualified strategic proposals."

Post announcement, a number of companies began considering bids including Verizon, Alphabet Inc., Google s parent company, TPG Capital LP, a private equity firm, and YP Holdings. Surprisingly, the owner of Berkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffet, has also jumped onto the bandwagon along with Dan Gilbert, the man behind Quicken Loans and Cleveland Cavaliers. Mr. Buffet is backing the bid financially, while Mr. Gilbert is leading the bid from the front, as Reuters reported over the weekend.

The American business magnate is better known as  Oracle of Omaha . The reason behind his extensive popularity and good reputation in the investment community are his profitable stock picks and tech holdings. He currently holds ABC Inc, Miami television station and about 12 newspapers. Based on this, those overseeing the holdings anticipates world s most successful investor to get his terms.

Yahoo is expected to raise $4-8 billion through this auction. The $34 billion Internet company has moved into its second round of bidding as the deadline for proposals ends today. Einhorn's Greenlight Capital adds Apple, GM, Yahoo and Yelp shares David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has raised stakes in Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% General Motors Co. GM, -1.62% Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% and Yelp Inc. YELP, -0.40% in the first three months of the year, according to a regulatory filing submitted Monday. The hedge fund boosted its stake in Apple to 8.21 million shares from 6.28 million in the fourth quarter. It also bought more than a million shares in GM to boost its stake to 15.29 million shares while doubling its Yahoo holding to 4.4 million shares from 2.03 million shares in the previous quarter. Meanwhile, Greenlight now holds 3.23 million shares of Yelp versus 383,266 shares it held at the end of the fourth quarter. Based on the companies' stock performances in the first quarter, Greenlight made money on Apple and Yahoo but lost with GM and Yelp. Inside Snapchat: The Best Upcoming Tech IPO?  HSBC USA Inc. Announces Redemption of $1.265 Billion of Preferred Securities NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

HSBC USA Inc. ( HSBC USA ) is announcing the redemption of $1.265 billion of preferred securities. This redemption will affect all of the preferred securities of the following series:

20,700,000 shares of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F (ticker symbol: HUSI-PR F);

373,750 shares of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G and 14,950,000 Depositary Shares, each representing one-fortieth of a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G (ticker symbol: HUSI-PR G); and

373,750 shares of 6.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H and 14,950,000 Depositary Shares, each representing one-fortieth of a share of 6.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H (ticker symbol: HUSI-PR H).

The Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F and the Series G and H depositary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the above ticker symbols. The redemption date for each series of securities is June 30, 2016. The cash redemption price payable for each series of securities on the redemption date will equal:

For the 20,700,000 shares of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, $25 liquidation preference per share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, plus an amount equal to the accrued but unpaid dividends thereon for the then-current dividend period to but excluding the redemption date;

For the 14,950,000 depositary shares of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G, $25 liquidation preference per share (which is equivalent to $1,000 liquidation preference per share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G), plus an amount equal to the accrued but unpaid dividends thereon for the then-current dividend period to but excluding the redemption date; and

For the 14,950,000 depositary shares of 6.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H, $25 liquidation preference per share (which is equivalent to $1,000 liquidation preference per share of 6.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H), plus an amount equal to the accrued but unpaid dividends thereon for the then-current dividend period to but excluding the redemption date.

The redemptions announced today were approved by the Federal Reserve Board as part of HSBC North America s planned capital actions pursuant to the 2015 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), and reflect the strategy of HSBC North America Holding Inc. and HSBC USA of continuing to optimize their capital structures according to U.S. Basel III.

In light of the redemption of the Series F shares and of the Series G and H depositary shares on June 30, 2016, including payment of accrued and unpaid dividends, the dividend payments scheduled for July 1, 2016, will not be made.

Beginning on the redemption date, the redeemed securities will no longer be considered outstanding and dividends will no longer accrue on such securities. HSBC Bank USA, N.A. is the registrar and transfer agent for each series of preferred securities and is the depositary for the Series G and H depositary shares. HSBC Bank USA, N.A. s address is as follows:

HSBC Bank USA, NA

Corporate Trust and Loan Agency

452 Fifth Ave. 8E6, NY, NY 10018

Attn: Account Bank

Notes to editors:

HSBC USA Inc. ("HUSI") is a Maryland corporation and its principal business is to act as a holding company for its subsidiaries including HSBC Bank USA, N.A. Through HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and its subsidiaries, HUSI offers a full range of traditional banking products and services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, small businesses, corporations, institutions and governments. HSBC USA Inc. is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC North America Holdings Inc.

Certain statements in this press release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including without limitation the actual completion of the announced redemptions, the completion of the final analysis of the capital impact on HSBC USA Inc. and HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and as a result of the redemptions and the factors contained in HSBC USA Inc. s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation the "Risk Factors" section of HSBC USA Inc. s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Precautionary statements included in such filings should be read in conjunction with this release.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160516006607/en/ Berkshire Hathaway offered to be potential finance partner for Dan Gilbert's bid to buy Yahoo - Warren Buffett to CNBC  
2016-11-01
Women executives left Yahoo in US amid layoffs, deal talk A tattered flag bearing the Yahoo company logo flies above a building in New York, U.S., October 31, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

The Yahoo logo is shown at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California, U.S. on April 16, 2013. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/File Photo

Women executives left Yahoo Inc U.S. operations at an unusually high rate after the technology company announced plans to sell itself earlier this year, but it was not immediately clear why, according to the company's 2016 diversity report, released on Monday.

The sharp drop comes as Silicon Valley faces pressure to diversify a workforce heavily dominated by white and Asian men.

The last year has been turbulent for the web pioneer, which in February announced it would explore alternatives and put in motion a plan to cut about 15 percent of its workforce. In July, it struck a $4.8 billion deal to sell its core internet businesses to Verizon Communications Inc.

The number of women in Yahoo leadership roles in the United States slipped to 21 percent as of June 30, down from 23 percent the year before, the report showed. Women in non-technical jobs remained flat at 52 percent. The total number of women at Yahoo in the United States remained steady at 31 percent.

Yahoo had 8,800 employees at the end of the second quarter, down from 9,400 as at March 31.

It was not clear why there was such a marked decline in the proportion of women leaders at Yahoo, which is led by Silicon Valley's most powerful female CEO, Marissa Mayer.

"Women leaders organically left because other opportunities were more appropriate for them," said Margenett Moore-Roberts, Yahoo's global head of diversity and inclusion. She said most of the women executives who left did so voluntarily after the plan to sell the core company was announced.

She said Yahoo will use a combination of internal searches and promotions, outside recruitment and partnerships with women-focused tech organizations to balance the losses.

The dip in women executives does not seem to be mirrored at other major tech companies. Women held 28 percent of leadership positions at Apple Inc, according to its latest figures, unchanged from the year before.

(This version of the article corrects paragraphs one and four to show that the drop was in U.S.-based women executives and that the drop was from 23 percent, not 24 percent. It also corrects paragraph 4 to show percentage of U.S. non-technical women was unchanged, not falling)

(Reporting by Deborah M. Todd; Editing by Peter Henderson and Bill Rigby) Yahoo saw female execs leave amid takeover talks Justin Sullivan, Getty Images

Count diversity as another issue that Yahoo has to tackle in the coming months before Verizon takes it over.

The company released its diversity report on late Monday, and the results weren't encouraging. While the overall percentage of women stayed steady at 37 percent, the number of female executives fell from a year ago.

The company, which is dominated by white and Asian men, saw no change in the percentage of black (2 percent) and Hispanic (4 percent) employees.

The report comes amid continued chatter about the under-representation of women and certain minorities in the field. Diversity reports have become a barometer of progress, which has been slow.

Yahoo, admittedly, has been a tumultuous place to work. The past year has seen constant rumors of a takeover, with Verizon finally stepping up and making a $4.83 billion offer. The company also disclosed that it was the victim of the worst hack ever, affecting at least half a billion accounts. Layoffs didn't help either.

Given the issues, there isn't anything too alarming to Margenett Moore-Roberts, head of inclusive diversity at Yahoo. "It's really tied to the organic changes here and folks having to make a career decision for themselves," she said in an interview.

Still, she acknowledged that Yahoo has work to do and is focusing on improving how the company searches for talent. Yes, Yahoo is still hiring, she said.

"We're fortifying the environment so when we bring diverse talent, they feel like they're on a real career path here," she said.

First published November 1, 6:43 a.m. PT.

Updated, 2:36 p.m. PT: Added comments from Yahoo's head of diversity.



Updated, 9:56 a.m. PT on November 2: Corrected Verizon's purchase price for Yahoo. It's $4.83 billion.

 MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc. Announces Management Changes ORLANDO, FL / ACCESSWIRE / November 1, 2016 / MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc., (OTCQB: MDIT, the "Company") specializing in the development, manufacturing, and marketing of molecular biomarkers and premium medical devices for detection, risk assessment and diagnosis of cancer and precancerous conditions announces the following appointments effective immediately:

- David Patterson as Chief Executive Officer

- Michael Ott as Chairman of MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc. and CEO of MEDITE GmbH, Germany, the wholly owned subsidiary

- Michaela Ott as Chief Operating Officer

David Patterson a former Executive Vice President specializing in corporate development, marketing and strategy during his 30 year career with Cigna, Phillips Health care and other companies will become the Chief Executive Officer of MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc. "MEDITE has worked with David in his role as an independent consultant since November 2015. We believe David's past results and experience can assist MEDITE in building the infrastructure for substantial growth of United States sales which currently is approximately 5% of overall sales. We also believe David's international knowledge, experience and contacts will be important factors involving the launch of our new products," says Michaela Ott now Chief Operating Officer and former CEO of the Company. "As CEO of the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, I look forward in assisting David implement the Company's plans and strategy worldwide with the assistance of our German operations," says Michael Ott, Chairman of MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc. and CEO of the German subsidiary, MEDITE GmbH. "I am truly excited about the future of the company as we look to substantially grow United States sales and launch our new world class products worldwide as more efficient and cost effective solutions in the detection of cancer and cancer related diseases. I also look forward to working with the talented and dedicated people of MEDITE," says David Patterson the new CEO of MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc.

Effective immediately, Michaela Ott, will resign as Chief Executive Officer, Michael Ott will resign as Chief Operating Officer and Robert McCullough, Jr. will resign as Chairman of the Board of MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc. McCullough will remain as Chief Financial Officer. All three will remain on the Board of Directors with respect to their positions

About MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics, Inc.

MEDITE Cancer Diagnostics Inc., is a Delaware registered company consisting of wholly-own MEDITE GmbH a Germany-based company with its subsidiaries. On April 3, 2014, MEDITE was acquired by former CytoCore, Inc. a biomolecular diagnostics company engaged in the design, development, and commercialization of cost-effective cancer screening systems and Biomarkers to assist in the early detection of cancer. By acquiring MEDITE the company changed from solely research operations to an operating company with a well-developed infrastructure, 78 employees in four countries, a distribution network to about 70 countries worldwide, a well-known and established brand name and a wide range of products for anatomic pathology, histology and cytology laboratories.

Forward Looking Statement

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding future operating performance, events, trends and plans. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained herein, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues and costs, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "estimates," "anticipates," or "believes" or the negative thereof or any variation thereon or similar terminology or expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations, include but are not limited to, MEDITE's ability to maintain and grow its revenues. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, as they speak only as of the date made. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and we undertake no obligation to disclose any revision to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date hereof.

Read More HCP Inc. (HCP) Q3 FFO Beats, to Sell Assets to Blackstone HCP Inc. HCP   a healthcare real estate investment trust ( REIT )   reported third-quarter 2016 adjusted funds from operations ( FFO ) per share of 72 cents, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 71 cents.



Results were driven by better-than-expected growth in revenues. However, adjusted FFO per share was down 7 cents from a year ago.



The company posted revenues of $654.3 million, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $624 million. However, it compared unfavorably with the year-ago number of $657.5 million.



Importantly, HCP completed the spin-off of Quality Care Properties, Inc. (QCP) on Oct 31, 2016. The company also entered into definitive deals for selling 64 communities triple-net leased to Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. for $1.125 billion to affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VIII L.P.

Behind the Headlines



HCP attained year-over-year three-month cash same property portfolio net operating income (NOI) growth of 3.1%, excluding QCP. Results were backed by solid life science and senior housing operating portfolio performance.



The company executed 991,000 square feet of leasing in its life science and medical office portfolios, comprising 429,000 square feet of new leases and 562,000 square feet of renewals. Leasing efforts helped bring Phase I of The Cove to 73% leased and Phase II to 50% pre-leased.



HCP completed $254 million of acquisitions during the reported quarter and through Oct 31, 2016. Year to date, the company s investments totaled $711 million. On the other hand, during the third quarter and through Oct 31, 2016, the company announced $204 million of additional dispositions. Notably, for full-year 2016, the company projects to generate around $1.3 billion of proceeds from dispositions.



HCP exited third-quarter 2016 with cash and cash equivalents of $132.9 million, down from $346.5 million at the end of 2015. It ended the quarter with $1.4 billion drawn on its revolving line of credit facility and $0.6 billion of remaining capacity.



Brookdale Asset Deals



HCP signed definitive agreements for selling 64 communities triple-net leased to Brookdale for $1.125 billion to affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VIII L.P. The deal is anticipated to close in first-quarter 2017 and the company plans to repay debt with the proceeds.

Further, the company has settled with Brookdale to sell or transition 25 triple-net leased assets in the next 12 months as well as shift eight expiring Brookdale leases to RIDEA structures. These moves are aimed at reduction of the company s tenant concentration and improved lease coverage.



Outlook



HCP projects 2016 adjusted FFO per share in the range of $2.69 $2.75. This reflects the QCP spin-off accomplished recently. The company anticipates 2016 same property portfolio cash net operating income growth, excluding QCP, in the range of 2.75 3.75%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2016 is currently pegged at $2.83.



For 2017, the company estimates adjusted FFO per share of $1.89 $1.95. Presently, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2017 is currently pegged at $2.63.



Conclusion



We believe that HCP stands to benefit from its diversified portfolio, rise in healthcare spending and an aging population over the long run. Strategic investments, tie ups and opportunistic acquisitions are likely to drive decent cash flow. Yet, cutthroat competition and any rise in interest rate continue to pose challenges before the company.



HCP currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.

HCP INC Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise Inphi to Acquire ClariPhy Communications, Inc., A Leading Provider of Coherent DSP SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Nov 1, 2016) - Inphi Corporation ( NYSE : IPHI ), a leading provider of high-speed data movement interconnects, today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire ClariPhy Communications Inc., a leading provider of ultra-high-speed systems-on-chip (SoCs) for multi-terabit data, long haul and metro networking markets for $275 million in cash as well as the assumption of certain liabilities at the close. The acquisition is expected to close in December of 2016, at which time ClariPhy's employees are expected to join Inphi.

"With the acquisition of ClariPhy, we are completing our product portfolio as the leading component and platform supplier for optical networking customers," said Ford Tamer, president and CEO of Inphi. "The ClariPhy coherent DSP complements Inphi TiA, driver, optical PHY and silicon photonics components to provide system OEM and module customers high-performance and low power platform solutions. Following closing, we expect to have platform offerings for long haul, metro, DCI edge, and intra-data center applications. We believe this will provide customers with faster time-to-market, proven quality, and competitive cost."

As the world turns toward optical networking, the ability to communicate in "coherent" DWDM technology over both long and short distances is becoming increasingly important. ClariPhy is one of only three merchant suppliers with this coherent DSP technology in the world today. On the product front, following closing, Inphi expects to be able to offer customers (1) coherent DSP, TiA, drivers for long haul, and metro, (2) direct detect PAM DSP-based solutions for DCI edge between data centers, and (3) NRZ and PAM short reach solutions for inside data centers. On the component front, following closing, Inphi expects to be able to offer TiA, driver, silicon photonics, coherent DSP, PAM and NRZ physical layer devices.

IHS estimates the total available market for 100G & 200G coherent optical network hardware will grow at 18% CAGR, from $3.2 billion to $7.4 billion, between 2015 and 2020. This growth will be driven by several concurrent, powerful tailwinds: the optical super cycle, a growing and expanding SAM (serviceable available market), opportunities in regions such as China and with new markets such as Cloud. Inphi believes that this acquisition will position the company to be one of the most comprehensive component and platform suppliers across all three optical market segments inside/outside data centers, metro and long haul.

Strong Additions to the Inphi Team

Inphi enthusiastically welcomes the addition of the ClariPhy employees who are expected to join our team as a part of this acquisition. Nariman Yousefi, ClariPhy's current CEO is expected to join Inphi to run the Coherent DSP business unit. Additionally, the company's already strong design team is expected to be augmented by ClariPhy's well-known VP of Engineering and DSP architect, Oscar Agazzi.

Conference Call Today, Nov. 1, 2016, at 4:30pm EDT; 1:30pm PDT

Inphi will host a conference call today, Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016 at 4:30 pm EDT; 1:30 pm PDT to discuss the acquisition as well as our third quarter earnings results also published today. To access the conference call, please dial 1-844-459-2451; international callers should dial 765-507-2591, participant passcode is 98500691. A live and archived webcast and accompanying presentation of the conference call will be available in the Investors section of Inphi's website at www.inphi.com for up to 30 days after the call.

Further details of the transaction and arrangements are set out in Inphi's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2016.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements contain words such as "believe," "will," and "expect," or the negative thereof or comparable terminology, and include (without limitation) statements regarding the acquisition of ClariPhy Communications and expectations regarding the timing and impact thereof, including projected plans for Inphi after the acquisition, an expanded product portfolio, new product development and introduction, impact on customers and market position, additions to our team and financial impacts of the acquisition. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in any such statement. These risks include, but are not limited to: the ability of the parties to timely satisfy the conditions for closing the acquisition, the ability to integrate the two companies, including retention of key personnel of ClariPhy Communications and maintaining sales to existing ClariPhy Communications customers, the impact on our financial performance the ability to extend product offerings into new areas or products, the ability to commercialize technology, unexpected occurrences that deter the full documentation and "bring to market" plan for products, trends and fluctuations in the industry, changes in demand and purchasing volume of customers, unpredictability of suppliers, the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, the ability to move product sales to production levels, the ability to compete for client design-in opportunities, the ability to cross-sell to new clients and to diversify and the success of product sales in new markets or of recently produced product offerings, including bundled product solutions. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" and in other sections of the Inphi filings with the SEC, and in its other current and periodic reports filed or furnished from time to time with the SEC. All forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to Inphi as of the date hereof, and Inphi assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

Read More Ampco-Pittsburgh Announces Acquisition of ASW Steel, Inc. CARNEGIE, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (AP) is pleased to announce the acquisition of ASW Steel, Inc. ( ASW ), a premier specialty steel producer based in Welland, Ontario, Canada. The total purchase price of ASW is approximately $13.1 million, including $3.5 million in cash and assumption of approximately $9.6 million of outstanding indebtedness.

Commenting on the acquisition, John Stanik, Ampco-Pittsburgh s Chief Executive Officer, said,  I am very pleased to add ASW to the Ampco-Pittsburgh family. This acquisition is a very important element in Ampco-Pittsburgh s strategic diversification plan. ASW s proven broad expertise in flexible steel refining methods will provide us with the capabilities to manufacture the additional chemistries needed to expand our reach in the open-die forging market. The transaction also enhances our ability to grow in markets in which we currently participate and to add new markets for customers in the oil and gas, power generation, aerospace, transportation, and construction industries. 

"We are very excited to join the Ampco-Pittsburgh group of companies. ASW has enjoyed a healthy, long-standing relationship with their steel-related facilities. Our combined capabilities will offer forgers, ring rollers, and rolling mills, a high-quality supplier with the broadest range of specialized steel products in the marketplace. Most importantly, however, I see a strong cultural fit. Ampco-Pittsburgh is driven to succeed, and their employees are progressive and service oriented. ASW employees embody the same values and enthusiasm. We cannot wait to get started," said Tim Clutterbuck, President of ASW Steel, Inc.

ASW, whose annual revenues are approximately CAD 65 million, will be an indirect subsidiary of Union Electric Steel Corporation, a wholly owned operating subsidiary of Ampco-Pittsburgh. Union Electric Steel is a leading producer of forged and cast engineered products for the global steel and aluminum industries.

About Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation

Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation, through its operating subsidiary, Union Electric Steel Corporation, is a leading producer of forged and cast rolls for the worldwide steel and aluminum industries, as well as ingot and open die forged products for the oil and gas, aluminum, and plastic extrusion industries. Ampco-Pittsburgh is also a producer of air and liquid processing equipment, primarily custom-engineered finned tube heat exchange coils, large custom air handling systems and centrifugal pumps. The Corporation operates manufacturing facilities in the United States, United Kingdom, Sweden, Slovenia, and China. Sales offices are located in North and South America, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. Corporate headquarters is located in Carnegie, Pennsylvania.

About ASW Steel, Inc.

ASW Steel, Inc. is a premier specialty steel-making facility located in Welland, Ontario, offering a unique combination of carbon, stainless, and other specialty steelmaking capabilities. Flexible steel refining methods include argon oxygen decarburization, vacuum oxygen decarburization, vacuum degassing, and ladle metallurgical station. ASW Steel's specialty metals and flexible steel refining methods allow for the production of various high-quality products.

Certain statements in this press release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and may include, but are not limited to, statements about sales levels, restructuring, profitability and anticipated synergies, expenses and cash outflows. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. All statements contained herein that are not clearly historical in nature are forward-looking, and words such as "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "may," "will," "should," "continue," "plans," "intends," "likely," or other similar words or phrases are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement contained herein, in other press releases, written statements or documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or in Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation communications with and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, phone calls and conference calls, regarding expectations with respect to sales, earnings, cash flows, operating efficiencies, product introduction or expansion, the benefits of acquisitions and divestitures or other matters as well as financings and repurchases of debt or equity securities, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Many of these risks, uncertainties and contingencies are beyond our control, and may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance or achievements. Factors that might affect such forward-looking statements, include, among other things, disruption from the acquisition may make it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers or suppliers; general economic and business conditions, demand for Ampco-Pittsburgh s goods and services, competitive conditions, interest rate and foreign currency rate fluctuations, availability of key raw materials and unfavorable resolution of claims against the Corporation, as well as those discussed more fully elsewhere in this release and in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ampco-Pittsburgh, particularly our latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Any forward-looking statements in this release speak only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after that date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101006801/en/ Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. Completes Acquisition of FBC Bancorp, Inc. PLANT CITY, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. (SBCP) ( Sunshine ), the parent holding company of Sunshine Bank, today announced the completion of the acquisition of FBC Bancorp, Inc. and its Florida Bank of Commerce subsidiary. This merger places Sunshine Bank as one of the top community banks in deposit market share in all of Central Florida.

 We are pleased to welcome the Florida Bank of Commerce team to the Sunshine family,  Andrew S. Samuel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Sunshine, said.  The financial institutions share a similar culture and banking philosophy with high performance, high service standards, and a strong commitment to the community. Our customers will continue banking with many of the same faces and benefit from an expanded suite of products and services with greater lending capacity. 

The transaction was announced on May 10, 2016, and all required regulatory and shareholder approvals were received by the middle of October 2016.

As a result of the merger, Sunshine s network will include 18 banking facilities operating under the Sunshine Bank name in Brevard, Hillsborough, Manatee, Orange, Osceola, Pasco, Polk, Sarasota, and Seminole Counties.

Conversion of the core banking systems is scheduled for the weekend of December 3rd.

Forward Looking Statements

This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements in this release that are not strictly historical are forward-looking and are based upon current expectations that may differ materially from actual results. These forward-looking statements, identified by words such as  will,   expected,   believe,  and  prospects,  involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by the statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties involve general economic trends and changes in interest rates, increased competition, changes in consumer demand for financial services, the possibility of unforeseen events affecting the industry generally, the uncertainties associated with newly developed or acquired operations, and market disruptions. Sunshine undertakes no obligation to release revisions to these forward-looking statements publicly to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unforeseen events, except as required to be reported under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

About Sunshine Bancorp, Inc.

Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. was formed in 2014 as the holding company for Sunshine Bank. The Company was first organized in 1954 in Plant City. In 2014 after converting from the mutual form of organization to the stock form, the current name of Sunshine Bank was adopted. Operations are conducted from the main office in Plant City, Florida, with 18 branch offices throughout Brevard, Hillsborough, Manatee, Orange, Osceola, Pasco, Polk, Sarasota, and Seminole Counties. Sunshine s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  SBCP.  For further information, visit the Company website www.mysunshinebank.com. Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101005351/en/ Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.: Building the Board of Directors for the Future A new direction as a waste industry solutions company

MILTON, GA / ACCESSWIRE / November 1, 2016 / The Board of Directors (the "Board") of Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. (MRDN) ("Meridian" or the "Company") today announced the appointment of three key additional members of the Board: Thomas J. Cowee, Jackson Davis and Joe Ardagna, all of whom are independent directors. In addition to serving on the Board, Mr. Cowee will chair the Audit Committee, Mr. Davis will chair the Nominating Committee and Mr. Ardagna will chair the Compensation Committee.

"I have spent tireless months working to build the Board of Directors for the future of Meridian. Tom, Jackson and Joe are phenomenal people with incredible experience growing companies, integrating large divisions inside a corporate structure and building world-class brands from the ground up. Entrepreneurs like these men are rare and I am honored they accepted these positions on our Board," said Jeff Cosman, Chairman and CEO of Meridian. "The Company is excited to continue moving forward in our efforts to raise additional capital for growth, up-list to the Nasdaq and continue growth on the foundation I have built inside Meridian to this point. The appointment of these independent directors, has positioned the Company well for our plans for future growth."

Thomas J. Cowee, Director (Audit Committee Chair), has 37 years of experience in the environmental industry, including 15 years as a Chief Financial Officer. After retiring in late 2012, Mr. Cowee began serving as a board director for companies and is currently serving as a director for Enviro Group, LLC and STC Investors, LLC, both privately owned environmental companies, positions he has held since 2015. Enviro Group, LLC is a hazardous trucking and transfer company, and STC Investors, LLC is primarily a refinery services and trucking company. Previously Mr. Cowee served as a director on the board of Rizzo Group, LLC, a privately owned solid waste collection, transfer and recycling business from 2014 to 2016, until sold. Mr. Cowee was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd, from 2005 to 2012. Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd, was a publicly traded solid waste collection, transfer, recycling and landfill business, with operations in the United States and Canada. Mr. Cowee joined IESI Corporation in 1997 as its Chief Financial Officer and in 2000 was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer until IESI Corporation was acquired by Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd in 2005. From 1995 to 1997, he was Assistant Corporate Controller of USA Waste Services, Inc., and from 1979 to 1995 he held various field accounting positions with Waste Management Inc. Mr. Cowee has a B.Sc. in accounting from The Ohio State University.

Jackson Davis, Director (Nominating Committee Chair), has more than 20 years of experience in technology and technology leadership, previously holding roles with software development companies providing mobile infrastructure management and wholesale financing solutions. Mr. Davis holds a BSBA in Decision Science with concentration in Management Information Systems from East Carolina University and has extensive experience in guiding organizational business strategy to propel improvement and maximum impact, while focusing on cost-efficiency and productivity. He is currently Director of Financial and Business Services Applications for Cox Enterprises a leading communications, media, and automotive services company with revenues of $18 billion.

Joe Ardagna, Director (Compensation Committee Chair), brings 30 years of experience in the restaurant industry, currently owning and operating a 28-restaurant chain in Atlanta and the Carolinas having approximately $90 million in yearly sales. Mr. Ardagna oversaw all aspects of the business, including, but not limited to finance, legal, compensation, site selection, design and development, licensing and brand development. Mr. Ardagna sold a majority of his interest in this business to a private equity group in 2011 and currently sits on its board of directors. In 2013, Mr. Ardagna started a new venture in the restaurant industry in Atlanta and currently oversees the operation of four pizza restaurants and the construction of a new store scheduled to open in February 2017. He has an undergraduate degree from Bowdoin College in 1984 and serves on the Board of Trustees at the New Hampton School in New Hampshire.

Read More 
2016-06-03
Twitter Inc. Met Yahoo Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer About Possible Merger: Report In Silicon Valley, it is sometimes hard to know what is reality and what is fantasy, and a report from the New York Post Thursday evening suggesting Twitter met with Yahoo about a possible merger, falls right in the middle of the two.

The report says Twitter executives met with Yahoo's CEO Marissa Mayer and her management team several weeks ago to discuss the possibility of the two companies joining forces. The Twitter executives looked at Yahoo's financial situation and discussed whether a strategic partnership would make sense.

The reaction of some people on Twitter itself to the report suggests a lot of people don't think the move would make sense, but one of the sources speaking to the Post had a different take.  Twitter is the destination for instant news, and Yahoo has a lot of eyeballs on its site,  the source said.  The idea isn t as crazy as you might think. 

The company is said to have bowed out of the bidding process soon after the meeting. Twitter is the latest company to have been named as a potential bidder without ever going as far as signing a 14-page nondisclosure agreement to access Yahoo's sale book, a list which includes Microsoft, the Daily Mail and SoftBank.

Yahoo has been seeking a buyer for the last six months and is currently considering opening bids from the likes of Verizon, AT&T, several private equity groups and one bid from Quicken Loans CEO Dan Gilbert, which is backed by Warren Buffett. Second round bids for Yahoo's core internet business are due early next week.

How serious Twitter was about the possibility of a merger has been questioned. The absence of CEO Jack Dorsey from the talks is an indication that this could have been more about information gathering than anything else.

 When your CEO doesn t show up for a management meeting, you have to wonder how serious it was,  the Post's source said, adding that Twitter s interest wasn t driven by  some huge thesis   it was a flyer.  Yahoo Stock: Time to Bail on Yahoo! Inc.? By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : June 3, 2016

No Time to Sell Yahoo Stock

Japan s SoftBank Group Corp (OTCMKTS:SFTBF) has announced plans to sell a 4.2% stake in the Chinese giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA). SoftBank s move has immediately raised speculation about the fate and value of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), which owns a 15.4% stake in Alibaba stock. Yahoo stock suffers whenever Alibaba drops.

Yet, it s no time to be selling Yahoo.

SoftBank is Alibaba s main shareholder and the sale would bring down its holdings from 32% to 28%. The transaction could generate some $8.0 billion for the company, which remains the top shareholder of China s online retail giant. So, it s not in SoftBank s interest to force the value of Alibaba stock any more than it is in Yahoo s interest. For this reason, nobody needs to fear SoftBank hatching some plan to force down Yahoo s value to take it over.

Yahoo, which is Alibaba s second-largest shareholder with a 15.4% stake, also fell on the news. (Source:  Does SoftBank Plan To Sell Alibaba Stake Help Or Hurt Yahoo?,  Investor s Business Daily, June 1, 2016.)

Yes, there was speculation that SoftBank s sale of its Alibaba assets was going to go toward a possible bid for Yahoo assets. However, the Japanese company has denied the rumors. SoftBank reiterated its intentions, stating it will use  the capital proceeds to manage our leverage and our balance sheet, which does not include expanding and buying things in the U.S.  (Source:  Softbank says not involved at all in Yahoo Inc asset sale,  Reuters, June 1, 2016.)

SoftBank is a leading player in the telecom world. The Japanese company is one of the main operators in Japan; it also owns telecom operator Sprint in the U.S. But SoftBank has accumulated huge debts and needs to start shedding some excess weight; that s where Alibaba comes in to save the day.

Yahoo was one of the first to invest in Alibaba. That s how it managed to gain such a large chunk of the Chinese retailer s capital. Yahoo s BABA stake is worth some $24.0 billion. (Source:  Alibaba Raises More Cash, Yahoo Stake In Sight?,  Forbes, February 29, 2016.) Yet that amount is precarious given the recent sell-off of Alibaba stock, which for Yahoo investors was the ultimate cushion to absorb risk in times of hardship.

Yahoo stock has actually suffered considerably from the past week s volatility in Alibaba s stock. On May 26 alone, YHOO shares fell five percent as Bloomberg reported that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) was investigating Alibaba s accounting practices. The problem is that when Alibaba sneezes, Yahoo catches the flu. Alibaba is the one asset that Yahoo is grabbing to keep afloat. (Source:  Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Tumbles As Investors Flee Alibaba (BABA),  Insider Monkey, May 26, 2016.)

Yahoo is trying to sell its core business assets and there are several interested bidders from AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) to Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ). Indeed, Yahoo stock has gained well over 10% year-to-date. The gains have not come from Alibaba s holdings as much as they have come from the frenzy over its core assets.

That frenzy has intensified after Warren Buffett decided to indirectly enter the bidding contest for Yahoo by backing Dan Gilbert of Quicken Loans fame. Gilbert has thrown his hat in the race for Yahoo s core assets with Warren Buffett s financial backing.

So, if Warren Buffett is still in, even indirectly, it s no time to get out of Yahoo. Twitter and Yahoo Held Merger Talks (TWTR, YHOO) Shares of Twitter Inc. (TWTR) were declining Friday, falling as much as 1.3% to $15 per share after multiple reports suggest that the social media company has met with Yahoo!, Inc. (YHOO) about a potential merger.

Does a Tie-Up Make Sense or Just Kicking the Tires?

According to The New York Post (NYP), management teams of both companies recently discussed a potential tie-up, but the discussions ended without an agreement. The NYP report, which cited sources, said executives of both companies had spent several hours looking at whether a strategic combination would make sense. (See also: Snapchat Passes Twitter in Daily Users.)

"Twitter is the destination for instant news, and Yahoo has a lot of eyeballs on its site," one source told NYP, according to CNBC. "The idea isn't as crazy as you might think." CNBC reported that Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey was not present at the meetings. Citing sources, CNBC reported Twitter appeared "mainly interested in sucking information out of Yahoo, as it bowed out of the bidding process soon thereafter."

 When your CEO doesn t show up for a management meeting, you have to wonder how serious it was,  the source said, adding that Twitter s interest wasn t driven by  some huge thesis   it was a flyer. 

Yahoo is still in the process of selling its core assets. Second-round bids are due early next week, and telecom giant Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) is still broadly considered the front-runner. Last month, reports circulated that that AT&T, Inc. (T) was considering a bid. The extent of AT&T's interest is unclear, given the company has not commented on the rumor. But reports suggest it could be a possible means to hinder Verizon's play for Yahoo.

The Bottom Line

Shares of both twitter and Yahoo were trading lower Friday on the reports. TWTR stock has declined 35% so far in 2016 and has a consensus hold rating with an average analyst 12-month price target of $18 implying a 19% rise from current levels. Yahoo shares, which also have a consensus hold rating, have gained 10% year to date. Twihoo? Deal Talks Between Twitter And Yahoo  
2016-03-03
Yahoo exploring sale of $1 billion-$3 billion in 'non-core assets': CFO A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle, 30 km (19 miles) east of Geneva, in this file picture taken December 12, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) is exploring the sale of $1 billion to $3 billion of patents, property and other "non-core assets," its chief financial officer said on Thursday.

Yahoo CFO Ken Goldman told the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference that a committee created to explore alternatives to the company's plan to spin off its core business is looking at quick sales of assets.

Goldman said patents, land, property and "non-core units or businesses" are all on the table for potential sale, and the company has sold or licensed more than $600 million in patents over the last three years.

Yahoo faces increasing pressure from shareholders and investors to sell its core business instead of going through a spinoff that would separate the company from its multibillion-dollar stakes in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N).

In recent weeks, media reports have surfaced that Time Inc (TIME.N), Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and several other suitors have emerged as potential buyers.

Goldman did not confirm the reports but said the committee is "aligned to see what best creates shareholder value."

(Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Marguerita Choy) YHOO Stock: This Could Send Yahoo! Inc. Shares Skyrocketing By Jing Pan, B.Sc, MA Published : March 3, 2016

Attention! The downward trend in Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock was just reversed. After a sizable downfall in 2015, Yahoo shares started to climb back upward. In less than three weeks, Yahoo s stock price has surged 23%. The question now is this: will the trend continue?

Could This Save YHOO Stock s Demise?

First, let s admit that Yahoo is not what it used to be. More importantly, the company is not even in the same league as its competitors. The latest report from comScore suggests that Yahoo sites only had 12.4% of the U.S. core search market in January 2016, absolutely dwarfed by Google sites  63.8% market share. Even Microsoft sites received 21.1%, significantly more than Yahoo. (Source:  comScore Releases January 2016 U.S. Desktop Search Engine Rankings,  comScore, February 15, 2016.)

It also doesn t help that the company s earnings are deteriorating. In 2015, Yahoo s earnings per share (EPS) missed analysts  estimates in three out of the four quarters. (Source:  Analyst Estimates,  Yahoo! Finance, last accessed March 2, 2016.)

So, how on earth did YHOO stock manage to climb up? Well, as it turns out, Yahoo is still a very attractive acquisition target.

Even though it cannot be comparable to other Internet giants, Yahoo still has quite a few users on its web portal. In fact, there are more than one billion people using Yahoo s e-mail, finance, sports, and video sites. Companies that want to enter the Internet industry are eyeing YHOO stock for the company s sizable web traffic and content.

According to Robert Peck, analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, there are more than 20 potential bidders for Yahoo. (Source:  Yahoo!:  Melting Ice Cube  Must Engage Prospective Buyers, Says SunTrust,  Barron s, February 18, 2016.)

A bidding war? Now that s exciting.

Among the potential buyers are media companies like Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA), telecom giants like AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) and Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ), as well as private equity firms.

The Bottom Line on YHOO stock

More bidders will likely drive up the price of the asset. But the company has to be willing to sell first.

Fortunately, Yahoo is indeed looking at this option. Last month, Yahoo announced that its board has formed a strategic review committee to explore strategic alternatives alongside the company s consideration of a reverse spin. (Source:  Yahoo Board of Directors Forms Independent Committee to Explore Strategic Alternatives,  Yahoo! Inc., February 19, 2016.)

Moreover, Yahoo has also hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), and PJT Partners Inc (NYSE:PJT) as financial advisors.

All of this suggests that Yahoo is taking a proactive approach in the potential sell.

Last but not least, remember that the goal of a sale of Yahoo s core assets is to maximize value for shareholders. So when more information about the process is revealed, don t be surprised if YHOO stock takes another surge. Yahoo and ESPN to compete in 'esports' coverage Two major media organizations, Yahoo Inc. and Walt Disney Co. s ESPN Inc., will now go head-to-head in providing comprehensive coverage of the booming  esports  industry.

See:  Esports  explained in five pictures

Yahoo s YHOO, +0.15% move into the market came Tuesday, when the company launched Yahoo Esports, a destination for professional esports coverage across major games and events. ESPN DIS, +0.14% launched its own esports vertical in January.

The two join Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% and Intel Corp. INTC, -1.07% , which have both long had skin in the game. Amazon bought the popular esports streaming portal Twitch in 2014, which has helped popularize the sport and now boasts 55 million users. Intel has been sponsoring the world s largest esports championship, Intel Extreme Masters, for the last decade.

Last year, Intel Extreme Masters set a Twitch record for peak concurrent streaming views for a single event with more than 1 million online viewers.

The increased investment from mainstream companies comes as the industry continues to boom, with more people now tuning into esports tournaments than some championship games in more traditional sports.

Roughly 226 million people tuned in either occasionally or regularly to esports events in 2015, an 11% increase from 204 million in 2014, according to industry tracker Newzoo. The double-digit pace of growth is expected to continue through at least the next few years.

ESL Gaming Fans hold signs for their favorite teams at ESL Gaming's Intel Extreme Masters in March 2015

Tech and content companies are attracted to the tech-savvy and often affluent demographic of esports viewers, said Newzoo CEO Peter Warman.

 Esports fans are early adopters when it comes to gadgets and using new media services and also don t shy away from spending,  Warman said.  Traditional media content companies are recognizing the esports audience as a sizable and valuable demographic to tap into. 

Global revenues for this industry reached $325 million in 2015, a 67.4% jump from the year before, according to Newzoo data. By 2019, esports revenue is expected to have surpassed $1 billion, while its audience is expected to expand to 435 million world-wide viewers.

While the demographic of people physically attending esports events may appear narrow and to skew youthful, the audience is actually much broader when considering the streaming population. Many of the people who tune in online are between 21 and 35 years old, and many have full-time jobs with higher-than-average income, said Warman.

AFP/Getty Images

The content companies plan to cover esports with the same fervor as traditional sports, like football and basketball.

Yahoo said its esports content will cover live tournaments and go  inside the action,  including in-depth features and interviews with teams and players. It will also host weekly  League of Legends  coverage with esports veteran journalists Travis Gafford and Taylor Cocke.

 We re approaching our coverage of esports with the same tenacity and professionalism we always have with Yahoo Sports, News and Finance,  said Yahoo Sports Media Vice President Bob Condor.

ESPN said fans can expect to find the  same level of quality content and journalism  that users of ESPN.com have come to expect from its coverage of traditional sports Lost in translation: 13 iPhone emojis that look way different on other phones If emoji is indeed the fastest growing language in the world, then we may have a vocabulary problem.

We all know the Unicode Consortium is the international body that defines the symbols that are included in today s high-tech hieroglyphics. But the specific ways those symbols are rendered on different phones is up to the makers of said gadgets, meaning that some emojis look different on different mobile platforms   iOS, Android, Windows, BlackBerry, and so on.

In fact, some emojis look so different on different handsets, it s hard to be sure that an Android phone person will always know what an iPhone person is trying to say, or vice versa.

Here are a few prime examples of iPhone emojis that could definitely be lost in translation from one phone to another.

(Emoji images and titles courtesy of Emojipedia)

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter @danielwbean. And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2016-10-30
Verizon's Marni Walden: Yes, We're Buying Yahoo and Here's Why 4:29

Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdo an: A History

On April 16, Turkey's citizens will vote on a constitutional referendum that could dramatically reshape the government and keep President Erdogan in office for another two decades. Here s a look at Erdogan's political career over the past two and a half decades. Photo: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images 
2016-05-27
Dan Gilbert, asked about possible Yahoo! Inc. bid, evades like a pro Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert seems to have developed the skills of a superstar athlete in at least one respect   deflecting media questions he d rather not answer.



Here, via sister publication Crain s Detroit Business, is how he reacted to a question on Thursday afternoon at a Detroit Startup Week event about whether he is going to buy internet pioneer Yahoo! Inc.



"What was the question?" Gilbert said jokingly to an audience member during a question-and-answer session about financial technology, or fintech, startups in front of about 400 people at the Masonic Temple in Detroit. "I wish I could comment on that."



Then, expertly, he changed the subject.



 If I could shift the conversation, Detroit could become the fintech capital of the world, couldn't it?" Gilbert asked audience members.



Minimal as that might be, Crain s Detroit says Gilbert's response  is believed to be the billionaire's first public comments since reports emerged in mid-May that the chairman of Detroit-based Quicken Loans Inc. was seeking to acquire Yahoo with the backing of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 





This and that

Catching up: Donald Trump isn t the Republican Party s only liability in this fall s election.



Politico reports that the Republican National Committee  is scrambling to respond to increasingly frantic concerns from state GOP officials that the party has not provided enough field organizers and will be badly outgunned by Democrats in battleground states. 



The website surveyed nearly two dozen GOP chairmen, officials and operatives in key swing states  who said the RNC hadn t delivered on promises, putting in peril their ability to launch the robust voter-turnout operation needed in the general election. 





On Thursday, May 26, the RNC released a memo saying it intended to double its field staff in battleground states, including Ohio.The state of things for the GOP in the Buckeye State looks tough.From the story:In Ohio, where Trump is banking on a win and GOP Sen. Rob Portman finds himself in a treacherous reelection contest, the RNC had promised to fund more than 170 field staffers to arrive by July 1, according to multiple party operatives. At this point, there s only around 25.  If you re on the ballot in Ohio this year, it s a real concern,  said Mike DeWine, a former Ohio Republican Party chairman.  It needs to get fixed fast and hurry to give voters and donors a sign that Trump plans to compete and contest in Ohio. A local news experiment worth watching is taking place in Mansfield, according to this story from the Columbia Journalism Review.The emphasis is on uplift.From the story:What s the right formula for a for-profit, local online news startup in a smaller market?There s probably no single answer to that question. But in north-central Ohio, the people behind Richland Source say they have a recipe that s working for them. It includes original content that s free to read, a diversifying revenue base anchored by digital ads, engagement with live events, a relaxed approach to the traditional  church-state  divide and an unapologetically upbeat attitude about the local community.Richland County has faced a  slow-motion butt-kicking  over the course of a few decades, Jay Allred, the site s publisher, tells CJR.Still, he says, the editorial vision behind the site is  to tell the story of the community as a whole, rather than just the things that are challenging. Or as Larry Phillips, the managing editor, puts it:  Not everything in Mansfield, Ohio, is a disaster. CJR says Richland Source was launched in July 2013 with an investment from Carl Fernyak, the CEO of a local printer and copier supplier. Today, the site has six full-time editorial staffers, and is, Allred says,  on track  for a planned five-year path to profitability.Indiewire wraps up its coverage of the Cannes Film Festival with an assessment of some of the more commercially accessible films there, including the Cleveland-shot  Dog Eat Dog,  a crime thriller from director Paul Schrader that stars Nicolas Cage and Willem Dafoe.The critical take on the film is, for the most part, positive.  Schrader emerged from the Directors' Fortnight (a section of Cannes) with his best reviews in years for this entertaining and wickedly funny take on the crime caper movie, anchored by two stars at the top of their game. But the commercial prospects seem iffy. Video company Image is set to provide a perfunctory theatrical release unless someone better comes along to pick up the title,  Indiewire says.  There's theatrical potential here, but this may wind up a VOD hit. 

You also can follow me on Twitter for more news about business and Northeast Ohio.



 Verizon Hires Bank Of America to Help With Yahoo Bid  
2016-02-16
Yahoo Finance to Host First-Ever Live Stream of Berkshire Hathaway ... SUNNYVALE, Calif. & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) today announced that it will host the first-ever live stream of Berkshire Hathaway s (BRK.A; BRK.B) annual shareholders meeting on Saturday, April 30. Approximately 40,000 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders from around the world are expected to attend the highly anticipated event, which until now, has been unavailable to the general public. The live stream will appear exclusively on Yahoo Finance - across all devices - reaching more than 75 million monthly users.

 Over the past 50 years, we ve seen a tremendous increase in the interest around our shareholders meeting. Partnering with Yahoo Finance provides us with the opportunity to reach more people than ever, in key financial centers around the world, from New York to China and beyond,  said Berkshire Hathaway s Chairman & CEO Warren Buffett.  Yahoo Finance is a great platform to bring the energy and excitement of what happens in Omaha to an informed audience around the world. 

Live coverage kicks-off on Yahoo Finance at 10:00 am ET on Saturday with 30 minutes of on-the-ground reporting from CenturyLink Center Omaha, followed by the start of the shareholders meeting live stream at 10:30am ET. Viewers will get to hear first-hand from Mr. Buffett, and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, as they offer up insights in a no-holds-barred Q&A session with the on-site audience, and provide business updates on Berkshire and its subsidiaries. Yahoo Finance will serve as a guide throughout the weekend festivities, taking viewers inside the meeting and beyond, including highlights such as visits to Gorat s Steakhouse, Borsheim s, the Nebraska Furniture Mart, and the carnival-like atmosphere of the exhibition hall where many of Berkshire's subsidiaries will have exhibits describing their products and services and offering many for sale.

 The Berkshire Hathaway Shareholders Meeting has been called the  Woodstock of Capitalism,  and we re thrilled to offer access to a worldwide audience for the first time ever,  said Yahoo Finance Editor in Chief Andy Serwer.  Yahoo Finance is known for providing its users with unparalleled access to data, analysis, and financial insights. By giving them a virtual ticket to this highly coveted event, we re expanding on that experience in new and meaningful ways. 

An exclusive VOD replay will be available on Yahoo Finance for 30 days following the meeting. Yahoo will offer video and display advertising, as well as sponsorship opportunities alongside the live stream.

For more information, and to register for regular updates on the Berkshire Hathaway Live Stream on Yahoo Finance, go to: https://finance.yahoo.com/brklivestream.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Groupon's stock surge gives big boost to Alibaba and Yahoo shares AFP/Getty Images Alibaba founder Jack Ma should be pretty excited about Groupon s second straight record rally.

Groupon Inc. s stock blasted higher Tuesday, on track for its biggest-ever one-day gain, after China s e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. disclosed a large stake in the daily deals site.

The stock GRPN, -2.92% shot up 40% to a 3 1/2-month high in midday trade. It was the most-active Nasdaq stock with 52.3 million shares traded as of 11:30 a.m. Eastern, or more than five times full-day average of about 10 million shares over the past 30 days, according to FactSet.

The price jump would knock s Friday s record surge of 29%, after Groupon reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter results, down to second on the list of biggest one-day percentage gains.

FactSet

Late Friday, Alibaba BABA, -0.38% disclosed in a regulatory filing that it owned 32,972,000 million shares of Groupon as of Dec. 31, 2015. That is about 5.4% of Groupon shares outstanding, enough to make Alibaba the fourth largest shareholder, according to FactSet data.

The two-day, 80% jump in Groupon s stock has increased the value of Alibaba s stake, if it remains intact, by about $59.3 million. It also means that Alibaba would now be up about $32 million on its Groupon investment so far this year, after being down as much as $28 million last week.

Shares of Alibaba, which was founded by Jack Ma, ran up 9% on Tuesday. Another beneficiary of Groupon s stock rally was Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% which owns 384 million shares of Alibaba. Yahoo s stock climbed 7.5%.

Groupon went public on Nov. 4, 2011, at an initial public offering price of $20. The stock s record close of $26.19 was seen just two week later. On Feb. 9, 2016, it had closed at a record low of $2.22, or about 8.5% of the value at its record high. 
2016-04-14
Yahoo modifies employee-severance language ahead of possible sale Yahoo Inc., which has been in talks to sell its core Web business and Asian assets, has modified the definition of  change in control  in its employee-severance plans.

An amendment on April 10 clarified that a sale of all or substantially all of Yahoo s operating business would constitute a change in control, the company said in a regulatory filing Thursday.

Read: Yahoo s potential sale takes center stage during earnings

The Wall Street Journal reported April 10 that the parent company of the Daily Mail, the British newspaper and global tabloid website, is in talks with several private-equity firms about a possible bid for Yahoo. Yahoo YHOO, +0.15% has drawn a wide range of suitors. Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.61% is considered the front-runner, the Journal has reported.

Additionally, Yahoo said Thursday that severance agreements of certain executives have been amended.

The severance agreements had provided that, in the event of a termination without cause, any annual vesting installment scheduled within six months of termination would accelerate. Yahoo said it  generally moved to monthly vesting rather than cliff vesting  for new equity awards.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Del. High Court Nixes Yahoo Email Release Pending Appeal Del. High Court Nixes Yahoo Email Release Pending Appeal

Law360, Wilmington (April 14, 2016, 5:39 PM EDT) -- Delaware s Supreme Court on Thursday quashed a lower court order for Yahoo Inc. s release of documents   potentially including CEO Marissa Mayer s personal emails   to shareholders probing a top company officer s performance and nearly $60 million severance in January 2014 after 14 months on the job.



Amalgamated Bank filed the original records action against Yahoo as a trustee for two funds that invest in large-capitalization companies.(Credit: AP) The high court stay decision, pending a ruling on the company s full appeal, noted that Yahoo s case could...

To view the full article, register now. Yahoo Mail Updated with Support for Google Drive, Dropbox, GIFs, More Great news of Yahoo Mail users, as developers announced a major update is now available for their Android and iOS applications, which promise many new features and improvements.

This is the second important update for Yahoo s email service in the last couple of months, so if you re using the application on Android or iOS, it s important to upgrade to the latest version.

The most important new feature included in the update is the addition of Google Drive and Dropbox support, which means Yahoo Mail users will now have access to files from these two cloud services.

Furthermore, the update brings support for GIFs from Tumblr, so Yahoo Mail users can send pictures, presentations or other visual content faster and easier.

 Now that you can manage multiple mailboxes from the Yahoo Mail app, we want to empower you to send compelling and creative emails from any of your email addresses. Thanks to new access to files from Google Drive and Dropbox, as well as GIFs from Tumblr, you can quickly send your spring break photos, that important presentation, or that GIF that so perfectly describes your excitement,  said Josh Jacobson, director, Product Management, Yahoo Inc.

New features for iOS users include preview attachments, Android users get widgets

Yahoo also confirmed that iOS users can now preview an attachment without downloading it first to their mobile phone or tablet.

Also, if you re using the Android application, you will be able to delete a draft permanently if you cancel an email that you start composing.

Last but not least, developers announced that they have added Android home screen widgets. There are three home screen widgets, which should provide updated information about user s inbox. They will also include a preview of the inbox, a badged icon, as well as a shortcut to the compose screen.

According to Yahoo, the latest updated to the Yahoo Mail app for iOS (4.3) and Android (5.4) should be available for download beginning today. 
2016-03-16
Yahoo Stock: This Is What Everyone Is Missing About Yahoo! Inc. By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : March 16, 2016

Asset Sales Could Boost Yahoo Stock

Despite the rumors of demise, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has defied the analysts and the odds. Over the past month, Yahoo stock has gained almost 15%. The even more surprising aspect at Yahoo is the stubbornness of its embattled CEO Yahoo. Marissa Mayer has managed to absorb the shareholder activism of Starboard Value, which wants her out. She remains firm at her desk.

Ultimately, Mayer s strategy is working because it keeps the Yahoo core or  ecosystem  attractive to both strategic partners and outright asset buyers. Yahoo is experiencing a spring cleanup rather than a fire sale.

Indeed, rather than admit defeat, Melissa Mayer has concocted a three-year plan for renewal. If there is one big concern is whether she will have the courage to implement it. Yet, there is no reason to doubt her, considering how determined she has been so far. Mayer took her executive post at Yahoo four years ago. Now, she is giving herself three years to complete what she hasn t been able to do so far. (Source:  Yahoo! Inc. CEO On a Secret Mission,  Business Insider, March 4, 2016.)

Mayer still has a miracle-sized effort to achieve if she intends to keep Yahoo on track. Simply reducing the workforce further and selling assets including core activities other than its stake in Alibaba will not be enough to keep the company alive. Thus far, the cuts have worked.

Yahoo has launched a staff reduction scheme, targeting 15% of its workforce, while selling assets to generate about a billion dollars by selling non-strategic assets.

The assets on the chopping block have included Yahoo! Games, Yahoo! Astrology (France, UK, Spain, Germany, India), and Yahoo! Maktoob. LiveText video messaging is also on its last legs. The restructuring is intended to enable Yahoo (and Yahoo stock) to develop seven main products, which Mayer is not cutting. These include the search engine, Yahoo! Mail, Tumblr, and the four Yahoo portals, including news, sports, finance, and lifestyle. (Source:  Yahoo announces plans to kill off Games, Livetext, Boss, and more regional sites,  Venturebeat, March 11, 2016.)

Marissa Mayer also continues to ensure that the firm will be functioning when she s finished with its turnaround plan over three years. Mayer may not be able to stave off the storms, but her determination has a certain charm, enough to persuade investors to remain optimistic if not outright bullish on Yahoo. Certainly, it is an exciting time for Yahoo stock.

The only certainty concerns the 15.5% stake in Alibaba, which alone is worth some $30.0 billion. CEO Marissa Mayer decided not to spin off Alibaba, citing fiscal risks. Instead, the CEO s strategy has been to sell Yahoo s core companies. These include the search engine, e-mail service (which was the most popular e-mail service in 2009), and the news section.

These assets are crucial for Yahoo stock, because they may have sparked a bidding war among some 40 companies, including Time Inc. and Verizon, the telecom giant, which already has AOL under its belt. (Source: Ibid.)

In short, Marissa Mayer is doing everything possible to retain her post. And her strategy has worked so far. This suggests that most Yahoo investors agree with her. They would rather Yahoo sell its core businesses rather than spinning off multibillion-dollar stakes like Alibaba Group. Chances Are 50-50 Alibaba Buys Groupon Or Yahoo, Blogger Speculates In a new article, YoungChinaBiz discussed the possibility that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) s new $3 billion bank loan is setting the company up for a high-profile acquisition of either Groupon Inc (NASDAQ: GRPN) or Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO).

The article suggests that the loan hints at a possible acquisition because Alibaba already had $18 billion on its balance sheet at the end of last year and could now be lining up the cash for a large buyout.

 At the end of the day, I would put chances for a Groupon bid a bit higher than a Yahoo stake buyout, though I would still peg a Groupon bid at only 50-50,  the author projected.

Groupon s stock surged more than 80 percent in the days following Alibaba s disclosure of a 5.6 percent stake in the company last month. As soon as the position was disclosed, the market began to speculate about a possible full buyout in the future.

However, a source close to the matter told Benzinga that investors shouldn t jump to conclusions about the stake and Alibaba takes minority positions in a large number of smaller companies without plans to take majority stakes.

Source: Don't Jump To Conclusions On Alibaba's Groupon Stake

If Yahoo can find a buyer for its core business, such as Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), Alibaba could buy out Yahoo s shell company and essentially buy back Yahoo s large stake in Alibaba without paying capital gains taxes on the stake.

Posted-In: News Rumors M&A Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. White House creates Twitter account to argue for Obama's SCOTUS nominee President Obama hasn t kept all his POTUS promises, but his vow to forge ahead and make an election-year Supreme Court justice nomination was just honored with high-tech, info-attack fury.

The president announced Merrick Garland as his SCOTUS pick Wednesday morning, just hours after the launch of a dedicated Twitter account to try and ensure that the public has  the facts on President Obama s Supreme Court nominee.  At the handle @SCOTUSnom, the account tweets about Garland s qualifications, as well as constitutional- and precedent-based arguments for an election-year SCOTUS nomination, something which some GOP naysayers have called  unprecedented. 

Chief Judge Merrick Garland oversaw  every aspect of the federal response to the Oklahoma City bombing.   @POTUS pic.twitter.com/kTeiAyAtPc   SCOTUS Nomination (@SCOTUSnom) March 16, 2016

Since this White House has created plenty of pop-up social media accounts to gain favor in the court of public opinion (@FactsOnClimate, @TheIranDeal), @SCOTUSnom is really business as usual.

This is the Twitter bully pulpit. This is how politics works now.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter @danielwbean. And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook!

 
2016-05-06
Marissa Mayer on maternity leave: 'I understand I'm the exception'  
2016-05-23
Apple Inc.: AAPL Is Losing Its High-End Mojo It s becoming a clich  to say something in the line of,  Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) is going through a rough patch.  I mean, if I were an editor at any financial news publication, I d strike out anything along that line, thinking,  Who doesn t know that by now? 

And from the look of things in recent years, I want to make a bold statement:  Apple is looking like a more successful version of Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ). 

Don t get me wrong, I love AAPL and I have talked about reasons why Apple is undervalued at current levels. But let s face it, Apple has been less innovative since Steve Jobs passed away.

AAPL s Best Days Over?

Since the death of Jobs, Apple hasn t launched any new notable product. We ve only been treated to a series of incremental improvements. Other than that, all we hear is rumors of what could be the next big product.

Here s why I made the statement about Apple looking like a more successful version of Yahoo. At one time, Yahoo was the poster child of the internet. It was the first place people would go to search. However, without innovating, it quickly lost to Google   now Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ).

In the same vein, Apple was once everything an innovative company could want to be. But with a famine of innovation since Steve Jobs passed, Apple stock seems to be losing to Silicon Valley competitors including Facebook Inc ( FB ), Alphabet and Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ).

It s not that the current management at Apple is not good. The problem with AAPL is that it has lost its  founder factor.  If you look at all the companies I mentioned above and most other highly innovative companies you know, you d find that the founders are still actively involved. They re usually the most important innovation engine. They are the ones who bring the (sometimes seemingly) impossible ideas that can change the world.

Apple just doesn t have that anymore.

Moves in India Prove Apple Is Losing Innovation

News broke earlier this month that Apple s plan to sell refurbished iPhones in India is all but off.

Yes, AAPL started selling refurbished iPhones in 2007, when Jobs was still around. However, you won t even find iPhones on the list of the refurbished products it sells. Moreover,  refurbished , as a word, doesn t even appear in its annual reports. That means it has been an insignificant thing.

But with AAPL trying to sell refurbished iPhones in India, it looks like refurbished sales will no longer be insignificant.

And that is the ultimate sign that the innovative edge is lost.

We all know Steve Jobs  company as one that targets the high-end market, and that worked because of first-class innovation. There was no shortage of luxury to sell to the (near) affluent.

If Apple stock were as innovative now as in Steve Jobs  days, there wouldn t be a need for such a move as using refurbished iPhones to gain market share in India. And with most emerging markets being like India   their middle class can t afford new iPhones   I won t be surprised if Apple is actively targeting growth in those markets through refurbs.

Apple Is Becoming Mass Market

The truth is, if Apple can t find a way to regain its innovative edge, which makes it easy for it to target the high-end market, it will eventually have to target the mass market for growth.

It is already happening, as we re seeing with India. But we could see this extend far and wide.

While I believe AAPL is still undervalued and a buy, investors need to stop valuing Apple as if it were still run by Steve Jobs.

As of this writing, Craig Adeyanju did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace After-hours buzz: Target, Staples, Yahoo & more Check out the companies making headlines after the bell Monday:



Shares of Target bounced briefly after the bell as the retailer recovered some of the day's losses. Rival Wal-Mart posted better-than-expected same-store sales last week, prompting Morgan Stanley to say that Wal-Mart is taking market share from Target, according to The Wall Street Journal. Meanwhile, Target, closing down 1 percent in the regular trading session, has made headlines over a policy to allow transgender individuals to use their restroom of choice.

Staples saw shares spike, building on the day's gains after the stock was upgraded by Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The analysts said that a failed merger with Office Depot might allow Staples to focus on its "core strengths." 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL), Monsanto Company (MON ... The stock market had a week of mixed results that ended on a high note as the S&P 500 surged 0.6% Friday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished the day 0.4% higher.

The likes of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), Monsanto Company (NYSE: MON ) and Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) are stocks that were making the biggest headlines this weekend.

Here s what s happening with these stocks:

Monsanto Company (MON)

Monsanto shares are surging higher in Monday s premarket trade thanks to a bid by German drugmaker Bayer ( BAYRY ) for $62 billion in cash.

While Bayer is known for its pharmaceutical business, it also has extensive reach in agriculture and crop science. So the combination would create the largest agricultural supplier in world.

Bayer s bid likely will mean the end of the reported interest from German chemical firm BASF ( BASFY ). It also marks yet another M&A move in the agribusiness space. Other deals recently include a merger between Dow Chemical ( DOW ) and DuPont ( DD ), as well as ChemChina s $43 billion purchase of Syngenta AG (ADR) ( SYT ).

Not everyone is in favor of the deal, with one major shareholder accusing Bayer CEO Werner Baumann of  arrogant empire-building. 

Still, Wall Street is happy with the deal, as MON stock is being bid up by 8% in Monday morning trading.

Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)

Tesla continues its to cement itself as one of the preeminent electric car makers in the world with an Asian expansion plan.

The automotive company is fueling rumors of building a factory in China, with CTO JB Straubel stating that Tesla will erect a factory overseas if it reaches  critical mass. 

In the past, Elon Musk has also discussed the rumor, mentioning that we could be less than three years away from seeing construction begin for a China Tesla factory.

TSLA shares are up marginally on the news.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL)

Google announced an update over the weekend that will improve mobile search.

The tech giant is making the function more aesthetically pleasing as the website s mobile search has adopted a new format known as  Rich Cards.  With this function, you can scroll through the search results as if they make up a deck of cards that you can examine.

Google also announced over the weekend that the company is improving Android and Chrome OS by combining the best features of the two.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 
2016-01-10
Yahoo's Brain Drain Shows a Loss of Faith Inside the Company More than a third of the company s work force has left in the last year, say people familiar with the data. Worried about the brain drain, Ms. Mayer has been approving hefty retention packages   in some cases, millions of dollars   to persuade people to reject job offers from other companies. But those bonuses have had the side effect of creating resentment among other Yahoo employees who have stayed loyal and not sought jobs elsewhere.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Only 34 percent of employees believe that Yahoo s prospects are improving, according to surveys conducted by Glassdoor, a firm that collects data on jobs and employers. That compares with 61 percent who are optimistic at Twitter, another troubled tech company, and 77 percent who see a bright future at Google, Ms. Mayer s former employer.

 Basically, it shows employees losing faith in Marissa Mayer and Yahoo,  said Scott Dobroski, a spokesman for Glassdoor who analyzed the data.

Photo

Yahoo declined to comment on employee morale but said that turnover is normal at Silicon Valley companies. While thousands of people have left, many others have been hired, offsetting some of the losses.  We re still hiring, and our application numbers are strong,  Yahoo said in a statement.

One Yahoo employee who was interviewed said she was praying to be laid off so she could collect a severance payment and move on with her life. Others said they were actively looking for their next jobs   a task made more difficult because of the taint of failure that potential employers sometimes associate with anyone at the struggling company.

 Brands are important out here for employers,  said Nick Parham, a career coach in San Francisco who has had several Yahoo clients.  They are going to look harder at people from Facebook and Salesforce, companies that have winning strategies. 

Employees  faith in Ms. Mayer began crumbling in earnest in August 2014, when Yahoo embarked on a series of stealth layoffs, current and former insiders said. For months, managers called in a handful of employees each week and fired them. No one knew who would be next, and the constant fear paralyzed the company, according to people who watched the process.

Last March, Ms. Mayer told the staff at an all-hands meeting that the bloodletting was finally over. Shortly thereafter, she changed her mind and demanded more cuts. All told, about 1,100 people lost their jobs in the layoffs.

Contributing to the employees  disenchantment were Ms. Mayer s protracted deliberations over a corporate reorganization last year that led to the departure of several key lieutenants and broke up the much-ballyhooed mobile team, prompting many mobile engineers to seek other jobs.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Hanging over everything has been the uncertainty about the company s plan to spin off its $26 billion stake in Alibaba, which was announced a year ago but was abandoned last month by the company s board of directors because of tax concerns.

For all of Yahoo s problems, many of its employees still have a deep affection for the company, whose products were the gateway to the Internet for a generation of web users and still remain popular, with more than 1 billion monthly visitors.

 We all want to make as much impact as we can and leverage Yahoo s existing strengths,  said Austin Shoemaker, who now manages Yahoo s instant-messaging efforts after his start-up, Cooliris, was acquired by Yahoo in 2014.

The company has long struggled to overcome two big challenges: the industrywide drop in display advertising that has traditionally been its primary revenue source and the distraction inherent in trying to excel at many different things, from news and fantasy sports to web searches and email.

Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

Jeff Bonforte, Yahoo s senior vice president for communications products, said that Ms. Mayer had always told people that it would take three to five years for the company s turnaround efforts to show results.

 It would be nice to give Yahoo one thing to magically save the company overnight,  Mr. Bonforte said in an interview last month, adding that the idea was unrealistic. Ms. Mayer has invested in technology, he said,  to give Yahoo a chance to be incredibly integral to this next phase of where the Internet is going. 

Mr. Bonforte s team, for example, has spent much of the last two years rebuilding Yahoo s email and instant-messaging services from the ground up, focusing on features such as better searches in email and the ability to unsend or delete an instant message at any time. While those reworked products garnered a modest reception from users, he said the technology was now in place for faster innovation.

He said that Ms. Mayer was the best boss he had ever had, but acknowledged some truth in the common criticism that she was tightfisted with praise and sometimes displayed a harshness that could be demoralizing.

 Marissa is the type of boss that makes you feel like you re disappointing her at all times, so I always feel like I m on the verge of being fired,  said Mr. Bonforte, who is widely respected for both his talent and his irreverence.  It s never,  Way to go, Jeff!   

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Mr. Bonforte said he was proud of Yahoo and his team and had no plans to leave. But other top executives have recently departed for other opportunities, including Kathy Savitt, the architect of the video strategy that Ms. Mayer has now dropped, and Jackie Reses, who led the company s acquisitions and managed its relationship with Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce company in which Yahoo holds a 15 percent stake.

The latest loss was Prashant Fuloria, whose company, Flurry, was sold to Yahoo in 2014. Ms. Mayer put him in charge of Yahoo s critical advertising technology last January, but he quit in December to work on start-up ideas.

Ms. Mayer has put on a brave face despite all the turmoil.

At Yahoo s annual holiday party, a Roaring Twenties-themed affair held Dec. 4 at Pier 48 in San Francisco, she sat in a chair   visibly pregnant with twin daughters who were born the next week   and posed for photos with employees.  She was kind of like Santa Claus,  said one fan who waited in line for a picture.

Just before the party, Ms. Mayer and the company s other directors decided to stop pursuing the original Alibaba spinoff plan and instead slim down and spin off Yahoo s core business.

Now, everyone is waiting for details of that plan, which Ms. Mayer has promised to outline by the time the company reports its fourth-quarter financial results this month.

That is unlikely to soothe the unrest at Yahoo, however, since activist investors like the Starboard Value hedge fund are pushing for new management, a new board and a new strategy, including a possible sale of Yahoo s operating businesses.

Mr. Bonforte said those outside forces were beyond his control.

 That s the problem with a turnaround,  he said.  The world gets to decide,  Time s up.    
2016-10-17
Yahoo, Verizon and Tesla Are Stocks to Watch Stocks mentioned in this story: YHOO, VZ, TSLA, SCTY, INTC, IBM, MU, MSFT, JNJ

One imagines that a couple of months ago, Yahoo Inc. (ticker: YHOO) thought its third-quarter earnings report would be a mere formality   just a procedural hurdle to clear until its buyout by Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) was finalized.

So much for that.

In a week stuffed with earnings reports, Yahoo is a must-watch company because it's cutting back on its earnings information. YHOO will release its earnings on Tuesday afternoon, but the conference call/webcast has been nixed amid growing uncertainty over its pending deal with Verizon.

The biggest culprit: In September, Yahoo confirmed what was rumored in August: that the company suffered a major security breach that put the information from at least 500 million user accounts in hackers' hands. According to Yahoo, that information "may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (the vast majority with bcrypt) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers." Yahoo also suffered a PR hit when the company was accused of scanning user emails at the direction of U.S. intelligence officials.

The Verizon-Yahoo deal still seems likely, just at renegotiated terms. Reports say the telecom is now asking YHOO to accept $1 billion less than the original $4.8 billion offered, which makes all the sense in the world. Yahoo's core assets suddenly look a lot less attractive in the wake of a massive hit to the brand   but that also should make Yahoo even more desperate to get a deal done than before.

Here are four other stocks investors should be watching this week:

Tesla Motors (TSLA). Tesla would appear to be another must-see stock of the non-reporting variety, though given CEO Elon Musk's history of overtweeting and underdelivering, we might be leading you to disappointment on this one.

Musk on Oct. 9 tweeted that there would be a "Tesla product unveiling on the 17th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity (SCTY) on the 28th." That was it, and thus started the rumor mill. So, what all could we see?

Just remember: Musk has a tendency of teasing a lot of things via Twitter, and it doesn't always work out for the best. The best example of this is "The D"   Musk's tweet to what many thought would be a brand-new model, but turned out to be just a variant of the Model S. The disappointment knocked Tesla shares to the ground, costing Musk $500 million in a day.

When Monday hit, Musk pushed back the announcement to Wednesday, saying it "needs a few more days of refinement." We'll see.

Intel Corp. (INTC). Intel is up 37 percent year for the year, but is stumbling a little heading into Tuesday afternoon earnings report, signifying a struggle between short-term optimism and long-term headwinds.

Last week, research firms IDC and Gartner provided some ominous cloud cover for the PC industry. The former reported that while PC shipments in the U.S. actually grew 1.7 percent, global sales were off 3.9 percent. The latter said its data showed a 5.7 percent decline worldwide, with analyst Mikako Kitagawa pointing to lethargic adoption in emerging markets, where people "primarily use smartphones or tablets for their computing needs."

Also last week, Reuters reported that a new consortium of tech firms, including International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) and Micron Technology (MU), are teaming up to take on Intel in the data center space. Specifically, this group is launching an open specification   Open Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface   that will "help corporate and cloud data centers to speed up big data, machine learning, analytics and other emerging workloads." This flies in the face of Intel, who keeps its technology close to the chest.

INTC still could do some work for the longs, however.

Wells Fargo analyst David Wong last week reiterated Intel as his top pick for a number of reasons, including, ironically enough, improvements in the data center business and better PC demand for client computing. Intel itself telegraphed a strong third quarter in September, when it upgraded its revenue guidance from $14.9 billion to $15.6 billion.

Wall Street adjusted its expectations for Intel appropriately, with analysts now expecting revenue growth of 7.6 percent to $15.56 billion, and a sharp 12.5 percent improvement in earnings to 72 cents per share.

Microsoft Corp. (MSFT). Speaking of troubling PC figures, Microsoft will step up to the earnings plate this week as well.

Microsoft's up-and-down 2016 has finally settled on "up" for a couple of months, and the company will try to keep it that way when it reports fiscal first-quarter earnings Thursday evening.

There's not much of a bar to clear here. Earnings are expected to tick up a penny per share to 68 cents, on revenues up fractionally to $21.71 billion, so it won't take much to provide a pleasant earnings surprise. And if MSFT is going to get that kind of a surprise, it'll likely come from better-than-expected results from either Productivity (Office 365 and other products), or Intelligent Cloud, which combined for about $5.5 billion in operating income last quarter.

However, Microsoft does have a couple things working against it.

While MSFT is up only about 4 percent for the year, that has come courtesy of a massive 20 percent-plus jump since June, so Microsoft could be due for a pullback on any sort of disappointment. Moreover, it won't have the benefit of being able to woo investors with cash   it already upped its dividend 8 percent and announced a new $40 billion buyback program last month.

Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): J&J's third-quarter report comes out Tuesday before the open, and analysts expect improvement on both the top and bottom lines, which if met would continue to prop up the stock's strong 2016.

JNJ is up 15 percent year-to-date thanks in large part to earnings beats in the first two quarters of the year, which were heavily driven by strength in the pharmaceutical business. The consumer health/pharma company goes into Tuesday's report with analysts expecting 11 percent earnings growth to $1.65 per share on 3.6 percent revenue growth to $17.71 billion.

RBC Capital Market's Glenn Novarro, who has been bullish on JNJ for some time now, recently expressed optimism ahead of the company's report. He believes concerns about Olysio   a hepatitis C treatment   are overdone "and have created a buying opportunity ahead of what we expect will be another strong quarter, driven by the pharmaceutical segment." Yahoo Faces California Data Breach Class Actions Bloomberg Law: Privacy & Data Security brings you single-source access to the expertise of Bloomberg Law s privacy and data security editorial team, contributing practitioners,...

By David McAfee

Oct. 13   Yahoo! Inc. is facing litigation fallout in federal and state courts after a high-profile hacking attack that exposed information of over 500 million accounts.

Howard M. Privette, a partner at Greenberg Gross LLP in Costa Mesa, Calif., told Bloomberg BNA that  it appears that the state plaintiffs want to try to pursue claims under California law on behalf of California residents, rather than have their claims mixed together with residents of other states in a single huge federal lawsuit. 

The plaintiffs and their counsel more than likely picked California because of the state's  strong consumer protection statutes,  Privette said. California has among the strictest laws governing data security and privacy issues, he said.

 Class action defense counsel often consider federal court to be a more hospitable forum, and I would not be surprised to see Yahoo try to have these cases removed to federal court under the Class Action Fairness Act,  he said.

Whether to file a consumer class complaint in federal or state court can be a major decision that impacts the overall outcome of the case and the amount of a potential settlement. Plaintiffs and defendants may pick and choose different litigation paths based on the specific facts of the case.

There are six active lawsuits in California state courts filed since the breach became public Sept. 22 (15 PVLR 1881, 9/26/16), according to Bloomberg Law data as of Oct. 13. The plaintiffs in the state cases have raised California constitutional, breach of contract, invasion of privacy and consumer protection claims, Bloomberg Law data show.

Additionally, there is a federal consolidated putative class action in the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and other federal cases arising out of the data breach claims (15 PVLR 1950, 10/3/16).

It is unknown whether Yahoo will file a motion to compel the state court actions to federal court and the company declined to comment on the pending litigation Oct. 13.

Federal or State?

Privette said one of the primary issues plaintiffs in data breach cases face is the requirement that they must have suffered an  injury in fact  traceable to the defendant s conduct in order to sue in federal court under Article III of the U.S. Constitution (15 PVLR 1799, 9/12/16).

 Although this is still a developing area of the law, a number of federal courts have dismissed data breach cases right at the outset because they found this requirement lacking,  Privette said.

 California courts do not have the same strict Article III limitation on their jurisdiction, and plaintiffs may try to use the absence of that limitation to avoid some of the threshold standing arguments they might face in federal court,  he said.

To contact the reporter on this story: David McAfee in Los Angeles at dmcafee@bna.com

To contact the editors responsible for this story: Donald G. Aplin at daplin@bna.com ; Daniel R. Stoller at dstoller@bna.com

Copyright   2016 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved. DC plans face threats to crucial data  Agora.io Extends Business Footprint Into Social Media with Momo Inc. SANTA CLARA, Calif., Oct. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Agora.io, a leader in internet-based global real-time communications, today announced that the company's real-time audio and video communication solution - Agora Video and Agora Voice - has been selected and integrated into Momo's mobile application to power new voice and video call features. Momo launched its location-based instant messaging app in August 2011, with a mission to help users discover and engage socially with people and communities nearby. This feature is available for all Momo users with a version of 6.8 or later on Android, iOS and Windows Phone.

Agora Logo (PRNewsFoto/Agora, Inc.) (PRNewsFoto/Agora, Inc.) More

"By adopting Agora Video and Voice capabilities Momo is able to deliver an unprecedented level of interactivity to our almost 80 million monthly active users around the world," said Momo's co-founder & CEO Yan Tang. "Real-Time Voice and Video has helped us boost growth and user engagement. We see this as a critical breakthrough. We are excited to take this first step with Agora.io in revolutionizing social experiences."

"It's an honor to work with Momo Inc., a company that created a new way to get people connected," said Tony Zhao, founder & CEO of Agora.io. "We have been laser-focused on growing our business footprint while continuing to innovate and cementing strong relationships with partners like Momo - we look forward to exploring new ways for people to socialize online using real-time communications technology."

The application of interactive broadcasting is growing dramatically. Credit Suisse projects the personal livestreaming market will be $5 billion by the end of 2017.

Agora.io continues to grow its internal team to address various new market opportunities. The startup officially welcomed communications industry veteran Todd Anderson as Vice President of Sales and Business Development. Mr. Anderson held senior business development roles at Tymphany as well as TokBox, a real-time video communications provider, where he grew the company's presence in education, telemedicine, financial services and more. Mr. Anderson has extensive experience assisting mobile and wireless technology providers in developing go-to-market strategies, identifying potential in-market partnerships, and developing new sales channels and potential growth opportunities.

About Momo

Momo is a leading mobile social networking platform started from China. Momo connects people in a personal and lively way through a revolutionary mobile-based social networking platform. With powerful and precise location-based features, Momo enables users to connect with each other and expand relationships from online to offline. Momo's platform includes the Momo mobile application and a variety of related features, functionalities, tools and services that it provides to users, customers and platform partners. Momo users can maintain and strengthen their relationships through private and group communication tools, content creation and sharing functions, as well as the offline social activities promoted on Momo's platform.

For more information, please visit http://www.immomo.com

About Agora.io

Privately held and founded in 2014, Agora.io is a Communications as a Service (CaaS) provider delivering video and voice communications across devices and networks globally with an ensured quality-of-experience. Agora.io enables software applications to support as many as 20,000 users in a single conference call, and provides HD real-time video and voice communication services to organizations across industries, including: telemedicine, education, financial services, customer service, social media applications, and mobile gaming. Headquartered in Santa Clara, CA, Agora.io is backed by venture capital firms Morningside, SIG, GGV Capital, ShunWei, and IDG.

Read More 
2016-08-23
Merrill Lynch Raises Price Target on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Following Recent Run ... Merrill Lynch analyst Justin Post came out yesterday with a favorable report on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), raising the price target from $50 to $53, while reiterating a Buy rating on the stock, as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) stock has subsequently appreciated 13% following recent Verizon announcement to acquire Yahoo! Inc. s core business in a $4.83 billion cash deal.

Post noted,  We are somewhat surprised that the market is still baking in a mid-30s tax discount on Yahoo s Alibaba stake (now that the perceived Yahoo core business risk and spin-off regulatory risk has diminished). At the current BABA stock price of $96 and Yahoo Japan price of  423, and assuming ~$800mn for the Excalibur patent portfolio, we estimate the implied discount to the BABA stake at ~36%, close to full taxation. 

With full recognition that  the Yahoo shell investment company could persevere as a standalone proxy for BABA indefinitely (with a full tax discount), we think the opportunity for Alibaba to buy back its own shares at a discount (or for another strategic buyer to materialize) warrants a smaller discount,  the analyst added.

Furthermore, Post comments,  We have been getting lots of questions on what Yahoo will do with its cash when the Yahoo sale closes in 1Q 17. We think, at the current share price, buybacks would seem to make more sense than dividends given the BABA tax discount implied at current YHOO levels. That said, the company cannot repurchase shares when holding material non-public info, so any buybacks would need to wait until the Verizon transaction is complete. 

For investors eyeing 2016 returns, Post continues to believe the biggest risk waits for long-only investors and advises to keep a watchful glance on the decline in BABA stock price.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Justin Post has achieved a high ranking of #16 out of 4,122 analysts. Post upholds a steady 76% success rate while realizing 19.9% in his yearly returns. When recommending YHOO, Post earns 10.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate YHOO is a Buy. 50% of analysts polled in the last 3 months rate a Buy on YHOO, while 50% maintain a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $42.10, marking just under a 2% downside from where the shares last closed. Cybersecurity Diligence Issues in Verizon-Yahoo Merger By Daniel R. Stoller

Aug. 19   The $4.83 billion deal for Verizon Communications Inc. to acquire Yahoo! Inc. will create one of the largest technology companies in the world. But the new mega-brand and other merging tech companies may come crumbling down if they aren't diligent in finding and patching cybersecurity deficiencies before and after the deal, mergers and acquisitions analysts told Bloomberg BNA.

U.S. tech companies are responding to pressure to shore up internal networks and information technology infrastructure as more and more companies face data breaches and other hacking incidents. However, many tech companies may not be paying careful attention to the same issues when acquiring another company.

Mike VanDenBerg, managing director at KPMG Cyber, told Bloomberg BNA that  in the past cybersecurity in mergers and acquisitions was a  defend yourself and check the box' strategy.  But now during deals, the buyer should use an  offensive strategy  and the seller should  be more transparent,  he said.

 Cybersecurity needs to move much higher up on the checklist for things that are important in a deal,  VanDenBerg said.

Acquiring company boards should be involved when their C-suite is kicking the target company's data security tires because of the central role that brand reputation and privacy trustworthiness plays with consumers, the analysts said.

Diligence Not Just for Tech Companies

U.S. tech companies may face heightened cybersecurity risks because of the vast amount of intellectual property and sensitive consumer data that they handle. But, all companies that handle personal data and that is nearly every company need to be aware of all cybersecurity risks during a merger or acquisition.

Shawn Henry, chief security officer of Irvine, Calif.-based cybersecurity company CrowdStrike Inc., told Bloomberg BNA that  regardless of the type of industry, when a company makes an acquisition, they are essentially investing in the intellectual property  and research and development (R&D)  of the proposed partner organization.  Prior to the completion of a deal, companies should  perform a comprehensive assessment, identify the gaps in the partner organization's security posture and develop ways to close those gaps before integration occurs. 

Henry, who also serves as president of the CrowdStrike Services enterprise data breach team, said that his comments are focused on general mergers and acquisitions and not on the specifics of the Verizon-Yahoo deal.

Verizon is the third largest telecommunications company in the world with a $218.7 billion market capitalization and Yahoo is the ninth largest internet media company with a $40.87 billion market capitalization, according to Bloomberg data as of Aug. 18.

Yahoo shareholders have until Oct. 23, 2016 to approve the merger and the deal is expected to be completed by March 21, 2017, Bloomberg data show.

Kick the Tires

The buyer and seller in a tech company merger or acquisition will want to pay close attention to cybersecurity issues before and after the deal, cybersecurity professionals told Bloomberg BNA.

Jeff Stull, chief executive officer at Leawood, Kan.-based cybersecurity risk management company RiskAnalytics, told Bloomberg BNA that during a merger companies used to  only worry about the balance sheet, now cybersecurity is part of the equation. 

In addition to the general  check the box  regulations, companies need to  locate, identify and catalog  all company data, Stull said.  It's very difficult, if not impossible to secure what you don't know. 

VanDenBerg said that during due diligence both the buyer and seller need to  elevate cybersecurity issues to the board level.  Since cybersecurity issues affect  a company's reputation,  the buyer and seller need to look for red flags and  take a deep look at internal systems to learn what data they have and how they protect it,  he said.

The seller will also want to pay close attention to cybersecurity issues because it's a  business driver,  VanDenBerg said. Even though Yahoo is an established company, most sellers are  growing companies  looking to be bought by larger tech corporations, he said. The smaller companies need to prepare for cybersecurity issues, identify the threats  and be transparent with the buyer,  VanDenBerg said.

Sharon R. Klein, partner at Pepper Hamilton LLP in Orange County, Calif. and chairman of the firm's Privacy, Security and Data Protection Practice, told Bloomberg BNA that both the buyer and seller  need to kick the tires  to see if there are any cybersecurity gaps or technological pitfalls in their network infrastructure. The buyer and seller need to know how the other company's  network works and how the other company collects, stores, transfers and ultimately destroys consumer data,  she said.

In the event that there are data security issues post-close, companies should budget for  compliance clean-up,  Klein said. Enforcement actions are more than likely to happen to tech companies that handle consumer data, she said.

Companies that prepare for cybersecurity issues before the deal is finalized will have an easier time cleaning up cybersecurity issues post-deal, she said.

Culture Clash Coming?

Not since the AOL Inc.-Time Warner Inc. deal in 2001 have two companies with such different competing cultures joined together in a large-scale merger, Klein said. The culture clash led to the demise of a united AOL-Time Warner. In fact, Verizon ended up buying the then again standalone AOL for $4.02 billion in 2015, according to Bloomberg data.

Verizon and Yahoo should learn a lesson from the AOL-Time Warner fiasco, Klein said.  The differentiating cultures may be the biggest thing to watch out for,  she said.

Although Verizon comes from a more  brick & mortar  background in a highly regulated field, Yahoo is a  pure tech  and digital advertising company that sees very little oversight, Klein said.  The marriage between these two companies can be very powerful and both sides of the transition have to work very hard to find common ground. 

Culture can also play an effect on how strong a company's cybersecurity practices are, Klein said. Because Verizon is a large telecommunications company, it is a  closed loop and from a national security perspective they try to protect the grid,  she said. On the other hand,  Yahoo is more open to seek out consumer data,  she said.

Verizon and Yahoo will work over the next few years  to come up with a plan to align cultures  for the stability of the company and to combat against cyberattacks, Klein said.

A Yahoo spokeswoman told Bloomberg BNA that the company won't immediately make any changes to their operations and will  discuss integration plans over time.  During the due diligence phase,  Yahoo will remain focused on executing against the strategic plan we established at the beginning of the year,  she said. Verizon didn't respond to Bloomberg BNA's request for comments.

Considering the Human Factor

Employees may be the central factor in detecting and preventing data leaks and cyberattacks once the deal is complete, the analysts said.

Klein said that  there has to be a transition period for the selling company's chief information security officer, so that the buyer can understand enough about the seller's network and technology in order to respond and fix any issues downstream. 

Although companies may  do an assessment through an accounting firm,  it will most likely not catch all cybersecurity deficiencies, Klein said. Because tech companies are  layered like an onion,  the buyer needs someone with experience of the seller's technology to properly detect any cybersecurity shortcomings, she said.

Stull said that  companies like Verizon and Yahoo have teams of the most talented security professionals on the planet,  and both companies  have very secure environments.  However,  humans are human and do things that thwart the best security practices,  he said.

Companies may plan for cybersecurity and technology gaps, but  you can't remove the information that is in the heads of employees  from either company, Stull said. It is this  more practical information that causes the biggest headaches,  he said.

Klein said that either through hacks or cybersecurity deficiencies, all  tech deals come down to people. 

Is Tech More at Risk?

The tech industry may face specific cybersecurity threats other sectors don't face due to consumer facing data and intellectual property issues.

Henry said that  cybersecurity threats are truly ubiquitous today  and strike across all sectors. But, the  tech sector is still a highly targeted field because of the all the IP and innovation it holds,  he said.

The first step in the deal process is  truly understanding the network systems the buyer organization is about to purchase, which contain the valuable IP they are acquiring,  Henry said. Before the purchase is complete, tech companies must confirm the  integrity of the data  being acquired and  the team assessing it must be able to provide a level of scrutiny that ensures all areas are fully evaluated, diagnosed, and proved secure,  he said.

Although the tech industry may have specific cybersecurity issues in mergers and acquisitions, all industries should pay attention to intellectual property and research and development risks, Henry said.

VanDenBerg said that consumer-facing tech companies need to pay special attention to cybersecurity issues because  they probably have consumer data on majority of the U.S. population.  If the consumer data isn't protected, companies may be at risk to hackers, he said.  Hackers see this as a moment of weakness,  VanDenBerg said.

To limit this risks the buyer and seller need to be careful when combing  cost synergies,  VanDenBerg said. Cost synergies are apparent in  IT infrastructure, core technologies, data centers, networking equipment, and even the developers,  he said.

The buyer and seller need to combine resources to make sure that both companies are on the same page with cybersecurity, VanDenBerg said.

To contact the reporter on this story: Daniel R. Stoller in Washington at dstoller@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Donald G. Aplin at daplin@bna.com

Copyright   2016 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Major, Lindsey & Africa Places Chief Legal and Chief Compliance Officer of ... Major, Lindsey & Africa (MLA), the world s leading legal search firm, today announced the placement of Guilherme (Bill) Carvalho in the newly created position of Chief Legal and Chief Compliance Officer of the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF) in Miami, effective August 23, 2016. The international search was led by Brian Davis and Rosalind Dodd, both based in MLA s New York office.

In his new role, Carvalho will lead the legal and compliance areas of the Confederation, including managing the legal affairs and overseeing the daily operations of CONCACAF s compliance and integrity programs.

Carvalho joins CONCACAF from Yahoo! Inc., where he was Vice President and Associate General Counsel, Americas and U.S. Hispanic, a role he held since 2005. He was responsible for all legal affairs and public policy matters for a wide range of the company s businesses and subsidiaries throughout the region. Prior to Yahoo! Inc., he was a member of the Latin America practice group at White & Case, LLP. He speaks fluent English, Spanish and Portuguese, and holds a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center as well as a B.A. in economics from the University of California at Los Angeles.

 This robust, international search for CONCACAF s first Chief Legal and Chief Compliance Officer generated interest from dozens of candidates all over the world,  said Major, Lindsey & Africa Partner, Brian Davis. Rosalind Dodd, a Managing Director at MLA, added,  Bill Carvalho is an experienced, skilled and effective advisor with a broad range of skills and qualifications, including team leadership, partner management, government relations and compliance. 

Brian Davis is well versed in handling in-house searches, primarily for financial services clients. He is particularly skilled in corporate, corporate finance, capital markets, private equity, hedge fund, compliance and tax searches for major financial institutions, broker-dealers, hedge funds, private equity funds, sovereign wealth funds, family offices and law firms.

Rosalind Dodd specializes in placing general counsel, senior attorneys and compliance officers with corporate clients across a variety of industries, including financial services, manufacturing, consumer products, healthcare, pharmaceutical, media, advertising and technology.

About Major, Lindsey & Africa

Founded in 1982, Major, Lindsey & Africa is the world's largest and most experienced legal search firm. Combining local market knowledge and a global recruiting network, MLA has earned recognition for its track record of successful general counsel, corporate counsel, partner, associate and law firm management placements. MLA also provides law firms and companies with highly specialized legal professionals on project, interim and temporary-to-permanent hire basis. With 23 offices worldwide, MLA recruiters are dedicated to understanding and meeting client and candidate needs while maintaining the highest degree of professionalism and confidentiality. MLA considers every search a diversity search and has been committed to diversity in the law since its inception. Major, Lindsey & Africa is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. To learn more about MLA, visit http://www.mlaglobal.com Inc 5000 Names SD Bullion to List of 500 Fastest Growing Companies OTTAWA LAKE, Mich., Aug. 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- SD Bullion was recently named number 437 on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing companies in the United States.

TO LEARN MORE, VISIT: https://sdbullion.com/inc

SD Bullion was founded in 2012 by two Doctors with a mission to help restore the financial health of Americans. An e-commerce focused company that specializes in selling precious metals, including gold, silver and platinum bullion in coin and bar forms, SD Bullion followed the American dream with entrepreneurial story common in America generations ago, but rare in the modern age.

The two co-founders, Jon and Tyler, were in medical school together when they came up with an idea. "We decided one of us would start a blog about precious metals and the other would start a blog about medicine and whichever blog took off then that's the one we would pursue," explains co-founder and CEO Dr. Tyler Wall.

That blog just so happens to be SilverDoctors.com, a leading news resource in the precious metals industry; which is now read by hundreds of thousands of precious metals investors every month. "The precious metals blog took off and readers started to ask how to purchase precious metals from us. That is how SD Bullion originated."

Dr. Wall tells the story, "We've never taken on any funding or any debt for that matter. It's been a lot of long hours and sleepless nights but we love what we do, we're passionate about precious metals and sound money, and we love this company and what it represents to our customers; which is the lowest prices period."

The company has ambitious plans and is on track to double their business again this year. They are planning to invest in more technology infrastructure to help them get to the next level.

About SD Bullion:

Founded in 2012, SD Bullion has become one of the fastest growing Precious Metals dealers in the country. They were recently included on the 2016 Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing companies in the United States. Visit http://www.SDBullion.com

Contact:

Tyler Wall

sales@sdbullion.com

800-294-8732

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inc-5000-names-sd-bullion-to-list-of-500-fastest-growing-companies-300316911.html 
2016-09-23
Yahoo Battered With Class Actions Over 2014 Data Breach Yahoo Battered With Class Actions Over 2014 Data Breach

Law360, New York (September 23, 2016, 1:49 PM EDT) -- Yahoo Inc. was hit with three proposed class actions in California and Illinois federal court Friday, just one day after it revealed that hackers infiltrated its systems in late 2014 and lifted names, hashed passwords and other account data tied to at least 500 million users.



The suits are seeking to represent any current or past Yahoo account holder in the U.S. who had their personally identifiable information compromised or stolen from the tech giant in 2014. (AP) Named plaintiffs Jennifer Myers and Ronald Schwartz filed...

To view the full article, register now. Momentum Stock in Focus: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) share price soared 0.02% or +0.01 points to reach at $44.15 during previous trading session. The stock s price fluctuated within the range of $43.74   $44.87 during previous trading session. A total of 32,583,424 shares exchanged hands, whereas the company s average trading volume stands at 11,727,213 shares. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has a market capitalization of $42.03B and most recently 951.78M outstanding shares have been calculated.

In terms of market analysis and trading signals, RSI moving above the horizontal 30 reference level is viewed as a bullish indicator, while the RSI moving below the horizontal 70 reference level is seen to be a bearish indicator. Movements above 70 are interpreted as indicating overbought conditions; conversely, movements under 30 reflect oversold conditions.

Relative strength index (RSI-14) for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is at 61.11.

According to sentiments of 30 analysts the mean estimates of short term price target for the company s stock is marked at $42.45. The most optimistic analyst sees the stock reaching $55.00 while the most conventional predicts the target price at $31.00.

The consensus mean EPS for the current quarter is at $0.14 derived from a total of 30 estimates. According to analysts minimum EPS for the current quarter is expected at $0.11 and can go high up to $0.2. However a year ago during same quarter Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) reported $0.15 EPS.

For the upcoming quarter, initial predictions are anticipating that the company will post earnings of $0.17 per share according to consensus of 30 analysts.

According to sentiments of 22 analysts the company is expected to report revenues of $1.31B for the current quarter. Bearish revenue estimates established at $1.27B while the bullish revenue forecast has been figured out at $1.38B.

In terms of Buy/Sell recommendations, analysts have a consensus rating of 2.31 on the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Out of rating recommendations 7 have given the stock a Buy while 10 recommend the stock as Outperform. 18 have given the stock a Hold rating, 0 as Underperform and 0 as Sell.

On technical side, moving averages may help to distinguish direction of tendencies, and they might also be used to set levels of sustenance and resistance. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s distance from 20 day simple moving average is 1.92% whereas its distance from 50 day simple moving average is 6.91% along with 22.45% distance from 200 day simple moving average.

An important factor to consider when evaluating a stock s current and future value are the 52 week price high and low levels. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares were trading -1.71% below from the 52-week high mark of $44.92 and +68.83% above from the 52-week bottom of $26.15. The stock hit its 52-week high price on 09/07/16, and 52-week low price on 02/11/16.

When we have a peek on stock s historical trends we come to know that, the stock has climbed 0.36% in the past one week and soared 3.64% during previous one month drive, the stock went up 16.86% during past quarter. In the last six months the stock s performance soared 26.65% while yearly performance of the company advanced 48.45%. The company s year to date (YTD) performance is at 32.74%.

While taking a glance at financials, we can look at a number of key indicators. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has a Return on Assets (ROA) of -11.20%. The company currently has a Return on Equity (ROE) of -17.20% and a Return on Investment (ROI) of -15.40%. Average true range (ATR-14) of the company sets at 0.84, along with its weekly and monthly volatility of 2.17%, 1.88% respectively. Beta value of the stock stands at 1.56.

The company s price to free cash flow for trailing twelve months is 70.37. Its quick ratio for most recent quarter is 6.00 along with current ratio for most recent quarter of 6.00. Total debt to equity ratio of the company for most recent quarter is 0.04 whereas long term debt to equity ratio for most recent quarter is 0.04. First Class Action Against Yahoo! for Largest Data Breach in History Filed by ... NEW YORK, Sept. 23, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Labaton Sucharow LLP and Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP jointly filed a class action today against Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo) (NASDAQ:YHOO) concerning an unprecedented breach of the tech giant s security affecting approximately 500 million users.



In a statement released yesterday, September 22, 2016, Yahoo noted that a  recent investigation  confirmed that sensitive personal account information associated with at least 500 million user accounts  was stolen from the company s network in late 2014 by what it believes is a state-sponsored attack.  The stolen information included users  names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords, and in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers. Reports indicate that this data breach was the largest from a single site in history.

The plaintiffs allege that Yahoo s actions constituted a reckless disregard for the safety and security of Yahoo users  personal information and assert that Yahoo should be responsible for damages caused to its users. Unlike many other recent data breaches, Yahoo has not offered users any assistance with identity theft protection, even though its users are now at a much higher risk of having their identities stolen and must pay out of their own pockets to protect themselves.

In a joint statement, attorneys from Labaton Sucharow and Robbins Geller said,  Yahoo s failure to safeguard its users  very personal, sensitive information, in direct violation of its promises, is utterly unacceptable in this day and age. The fact that a breach of this magnitude went undetected at a tech giant like Yahoo for two years is astounding. 

The case, Schwartz v. Yahoo Inc., 16-cv-05456 (N.D. Cal.), was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.

About Labaton Sucharow LLP

Labaton Sucharow prosecutes precedent-setting class actions, recovering billions of dollars on behalf of defrauded consumers and investors. The Firm offers complex litigation services in the areas of data privacy, securities, antitrust, consumer protection, corporate governance and shareholder rights law, as well as whistleblower representation. Labaton Sucharow s successful reputation is built not only on its team of nearly 60 attorneys, but also on its industry-leading in-house investigators, financial analysts, and forensic accountants. Offices are located in New York, NY and Wilmington, DE. For more information, visit labaton.com.

About Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP

Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP is widely recognized as one of the leading law firms advising U.S. and international institutional investors and other clients in complex litigation emphasizing securities fraud, corporate takeovers, shareholder derivative claims, consumer fraud, antitrust claims, insurance fraud, and intellectual property, as well as whistleblower protection and qui tam suits. With 200 lawyers in 10 offices, Robbins Geller has obtained many of the largest securities class action recoveries in history and ranked first in both the total amount recovered for investors and number of shareholder class action recoveries in ISS s SCAS Top 50 Report for each of the last two years. Robbins Geller attorneys have shaped the law in the area of securities litigation and shareholder rights, and have recovered tens of billions of dollars on behalf of the Firm s clients. Robbins Geller not only secures recoveries for defrauded investors, it also strives to implement corporate governance reforms, helping to improve the financial markets for investors worldwide, and to protect consumers from fraud and deceptive and unfair trade practices. Please visit rgrdlaw.com for more information.

Contact Ivette Delgado, Communications Manager 212-907-0634 idelgado@labaton.com Yahoo breach headaches, plus Oracle offers new cloud services: News IT leaders ... This week s highlights also include a Cisco and Salesforce alliance, plus Accenture creates a prototype for an editable blockchain.

Yahoo! breach potential headache for business users

The massive data breach reported this week by Yahoo! could have unexpected consequences for businesses, even if they don t use Yahoo email addresses. Rogers Communications has long outsourced its email offerings to Yahoo!, meaning that rogers.com addresses, or email hosted by Rogers, may also be compromised. Rogers said in a statement,  We take our customers  privacy seriously and are in contact with Yahoo as they continue their investigation and determine next steps. We encourage people to regularly change their passwords and they can visit https://t.co/L65mt50E58 for tips on how set a strong password. 

Accenture debuts  editable  Blockchain

Accenture has created a prototype of a new capability that enables blockchain technology to be edited under extraordinary circumstances to resolve human errors, accommodate legal and regulatory requirements, and address mischief and other issues, while preserving key cryptographic features. The prototype represents a significant breakthrough for enterprise uses of blockchain technology particularly in banking, insurance and capital markets. The invention is designed for  permissioned  blockchain systems, which are managed by designated administrators under agreed governance rules.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise launches GDPR compliance tools

Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) has launched a set of tools to assist companies dealing with the recently approved General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), designed to set data protection, privacy, and security standards related to personal data collected on European Union citizens. The regulations apply to organizations based in the EU, as well as any organization that collects information on European customers from anywhere in the world. Failure to comply with the regulation when it comes into effect in May 2018 could lead to fines of up to four percent of the organization s global revenues.

Titus launches upgraded Classification Suite

Ottawa-based Titus, whose solutions discover, classify, protect, and analyze sensitive information in emails, documents and other file types, has launched an upgrade to its Classification Suite that now works across Windows, Mac, and mobile platforms. It also announced improved integration with Ionic Security Protection Suite to classify and automatically secure sensitive email and documents for real-time data protection and policy enforcement. CEO Tim Upton said that the Classification Suite has been rebuilt to be service-oriented, allowing it to be run either on premises or from the cloud as the customer chooses. It works with the encryption products and security products of the customer s choice.

Cisco and Salesforce announce global strategic alliance

Cisco and Salesforce have announced a partnership that will result in the integration of several of their products. Cisco Spark and WebEx collaboration will be natively integrated into Salesforce s Sales Cloud and Service Cloud, Cisco Jasper and Salesforce IoT will integrate to provide visibility and control of IoT devices, and Cisco s Unified Contact Center Enterprise will be integrated with the Salesforce Service Cloud. The Unified Contact Center/Service Cloud integration is available now through the Salesforce AppExchange; IoT and collaboration integrations will launch in the second half of 2017.

Oracle announces cloud services

At its annual OpenWorld conference, Oracle executive chairman and CTO Larry Ellison announced more than twenty new Oracle Cloud Platform and Application services that, he said, will allow the company to compete strongly with Amazon Web Services. These include Oracle Database 12c Release 2 in the cloud, public sector and revenue management cloud services, employee engagement capabilities, expanded packaged industry solutions, new blended agent capabilities for sales and service professionals and expanded B2B commerce functionality, Internet of Things applications for asset management, production insights, connected worker and fleet management, and more.

Salesforce announces Einstein

Salesforce has announced an artificial intelligence engine, dubbed Salesforce Einstein, which it calls the world s first comprehensive AI for CRM. It will be integrated into Salesforce s products, adding capabilities such as predictive lead scoring in the Sales Cloud and intelligent image filtering. It will be demonstrated at the company s annual conference, Dreamforce, next month. Stocks Accelerate Losses; Yahoo Drops But Bats Flies On Buyout Buzz The stock market extended losses Friday afternoon, as a sharp drop in oil prices contributed to losses, but Bats Global Markets (BATS) soared on buyout talk.

The S&P 500 fell 0.5%, dropping back below its 50-day moving average after retaking the key support level on Thursday. The Nasdaq lost 0.6% and the Dow Jones industrial average was off 0.7%. The small-cap Russell 2000 fell 0.6%.

Volume was running below Thursday's levels at the same hour. Declining stocks led advancers significantly.

Energy, mining and some medical industry groups were the weakest in Friday's trading. Crude oil prices were down 4% to $44.50 a barrel on reports that Saudi Arabia is not expecting an agreement among major producers on freezing oil output. Curbing production would lift crude prices, but such an agreement has been elusive.

Solar energy, cybersecurity, PC hardware, department stores and steel makers were up more than 1%.

Yahoo (YHOO) fell 3.5% in heavy volume. Yet the stock is near 52-week highs as it guards recent gains made in July and August. The company disclosed Thursday a data breach compromising information on at least 500 million user accounts. Yahoo shares

Bats Global Markets soared past the 29.11 buy point of its first base, as shares climbed nearly 20% in heavy trading. The electronic stock exchange operator moved on speculation that it may be acquired by CBOE Holdings (CBOE), the parent of the Chicago Board of Options Exchange.

CBOE shares rose nearly 2%, solidifying themselves past a 69.58 buy point that had seen a lukewarm breakout up to now.

AdvancePierre Foods (APFH) broke out of a flat base, rising above the 26.59 buy point. But volume was only moderately above average, and the stock has pared gains to 26.62, just above the pivot point. The company -- which makes ready-to-eat sandwiches, entrees and snacks -- went public July 15 at 21 a share.

Among IBD 50 stocks, BroadSoft (BSFT), one of its telecom components, climbed back above the 47.60 buy point -- barely -- of a cup-shape base. But Arris International (ARRS) slipped below its 29.04 entry.

RELATED:

CEO Of HACK ETF On Yahoo Data Breach: 'What Else Are We Not Being Told?'

Apptio Keeps IPO Wheels Turning With Strong Trading Debut The Morning Download: Massive Yahoo Breach Endangers Thousands of Other Websites Sign up here for The Morning Download, and get the most important news in business technology emailed to you each weekday morning. Good morning. The breach of Yahoo Inc., in which the company says it believes a state-sponsored hacker stole personal data from at least 500 million users, could effect the security of thousands of [ ] Is the Yahoo Hack a Threat to the Verizon Deal? NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

06:21 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) It's Time to Cancel Your Forgotten Internet Accounts Yahoo Inc. s revelation of a massive 2014 security breach might have reminded you of an old account or two you haven t logged into for years.

No good comes from leaving details of your identity alternate email addresses, date of birth and, yes, passwords floating around the backwaters of the internet. Hackers who find their way into one account, dormant or still in use, can exploit details such as PINs or security-question answers... How Yahoo's Data Breach Impacts the Verizon Deal NASA Concerned About Risk of Outer-Space Hacking

07:25 - Cybersecurity at NASA extends from maintaining email systems at the agency s Washington headquarters to guarding U.S. networks in Russia, where Americans serve on crews working with the International Space Station. Bloomberg's Nafeesa Syeed has more on NASA's cybersecurity challenges. (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo is sued over big data breach<YHOO.O>  
2016-02-22
Net Neutrality Sparks Telco Interest in Buying Yahoo! Mail SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER

With the FCC s  Net Neutrality  policy undermining telecommunications companies  business model, it looks like a bidding war may be spooling up for Yahoo! s legacy email service.

Yahoo, Inc. (YHOO:NASDAQ) appears to be moving quickly to a sale of its Internet related services units, with the form of an Independent Board of Directors  Committee and the hiring of three investment banks to engage with  potentially interested strategic and financial parties. 

Yahoo previously said in December that it was exploring a plan to spin off its core Internet-related services and emphasized at the time that the Yahoo was not interested in selling the entire company. But using the term  potentially interested parties  is Wall Street code for the idea that Yahoo has been approached by potential industry or private equity buyers like Verizon, AT&T, Comcast or Fox.

The big telcos are natural buyers, after being the huge losers last year when the FCC reclassified broadband Internet access as a regulated telecommunications service under Title II of the Communications Act of 1934.

The February decision was celebrated by Silicon Valley corporations for giving the FCC authority to prevent Internet service providers from forcing customers, online sites, and internet-dependent services to pay for reliable access. The FCC s Republican-appointed Commissioner Ajit Pai said that it was  sad to witness  Obama administration intrusion replacing Internet freedom with  government control. 

The U.S. Telecom Association (UTA) said in a brief filed as part of an April 2015 industry-wide lawsuit against the FCC that Internet service providers wouldn t commit to deep investments for maintaining infrastructure if they had to comply with the  net neutrality  rules.

The Net Neutrality ruling has become a boon for potential litigation against broadband service providers. National Journal reported that over 2,000 complaints were filed against telecom companies in the first month after the Net Neutrality vote.

Facing years of waiting while the litigation works its way through the courts, Verizon Communications Inc. s (VZ:NYSE) Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said in December that the top U.S. wireless carrier could look at buying Yahoo Inc. s core business   which includes e-mail, its news and sports sites and advertising technology   if it turned out to be a good fit.

Verizon has already expanded into targeted advertising and mobile video by purchasing AOL Inc. in June 2015 for $4.4 billion. Four months later, Verizon launched  go90  as an ad-supported mobile video streaming service, supposedly targeting millennials.

CEO Marissa Mayer had planned to spin off Yahoo s 15 percent state in Chinese Internet provider Alibaba, which was worth almost $32 billion in mid-2015. But with the IRS refusing to bless the spin-off as a tax free event, the company faced the risk of shareholders being fully taxed on the difference between the $7.6 billion Yahoo paid for the investment and the final sale price.

The Yahoo Board voted in September to continue holding Alibaba shares and spin off its core Internet related businesses. Although the  core  only generates about $3 billion in revenue, some analysts have estimated that the core Internet asset might be worth $6-8 billion.

With the announcement that Yahoo s Internet core was up for sale, CEO Mayer said in a February 19 news conference that both shareholders and employees are committed to  return this iconic company to greatness.  She added,  We can best achieve this by working with the committee to pursue various strategic alternatives while, in parallel, aggressively executing our strategic plan to strengthen our growth businesses and improve efficiency and profitability. 

Yahoo, Inc. (YHOO:NASDAQ) stock was up about 2.8 percent to $30.90 a share at mid-day trading on Feb. 22. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Phones and Accessories, in Photos BARCELONA, Spain   Sunday evening, just hours before the official start of Mobile World Congress 2016, Samsung hit us with some new phones: the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. They re slick, so we figured you might want to scope some fancy shots of the new handsets, alongside some pictures of newly announced accessories to go with them, of course. You can find all that fun above.

To read all the details on the new S7 and S7 edge, check out our writeup here.

Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com. Follow me on Twitter at danielwbean.



And for all the hottest tech news and gadget reviews, follow Yahoo Tech on Facebook! 
2016-03-17
Opinion: 4 beaten-down Internet companies that are takeover targets As U.S. stocks  valuations are rich and profit growth at companies scarce, you now have to look for special catalysts to boost your investments.

One way is to own shares of a company that eventually gets bought. Predicting takeovers, of course, is risky business. But it can be lucrative.

A stock I owned, and suggested, in 2014 in my stock letter, Brush Up on Stocks, Synageva Biopharma, is typical. It surged 111% on May 6, 2015, on buyout news.

So who s next?

With social-media stocks like LinkdedIn Corp. US:LNKD and Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.83% down so much, and signs that the Silicon Valley venture capital (VC) bubble days are over, it makes sense to fish for carp, not bluefin tuna.

Those companies now look a lot cheaper. And Bay-area bubble trouble means the VC crowd is having a harder time generating cash. So they re more disposed to push for sales of companies where they have influential board seats and shares, says Tom Taulli, the author of several investing books.

VC investments fell 28% to $11.3 billion in the fourth quarter, compared with a year earlier, and there s weakness in the first quarter, too, according to Goldman Sachs.

 While this only provides one data point, we believe it could indicate the beginning of a broader rationalizing in the VC environment,  says Goldman Sachs analyst Heath Terry.

Here s a look at four companies that Taulli and Goldman Sachs analysts say have a chance of catching a takeover bid. If you re skeptical, keep in mind that you don t actually need a takeover to profit. Sometimes the rumor of a takeover can move a stock 20% or more.

 If you notch a 20% to 30% gain, you may want to think about taking your winnings,  says Taulli.

Twitter: Trying not to be MySpace

Twitter is the go-to website for the latest real-time news about the Kardashians and Kanye West, or controversial tweets from Donald Trump. But this heavy focus on celebrities and news junkies may explain why user growth has faltered.

 Celebrity accounts make up the overwhelming majority of the top 100 most followed accounts,  says Stifel Nicolaus analyst Scott Devitt.

That s a double-edged sword. Sure, celeb fans are rabid. But there s only so many of them. Twitter may have hit the wall, based on celebrity channels like Bravo and E! maxing out viewership, says Devitt. In contrast, Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% continued growing rapidly after it hit Twitter s current 320 million user mark, because it seems like almost everyone around the world loves sharing personal news   and food pics, unfortunately   with friends and family.

At Twitter,  the fundamentals don t look good, especially compared to Facebook and Google,  says Taulli, author of  High-Profit IPO Strategies: Finding Breakout IPOs for Investors and Traders. 

But, in a counter-intuitive way, that s exactly what drives sale potential.

 At some point, they may have to throw in the towel and say:  Let s have what we have, rather than become the next MySpace, down the road,    says Taulli, who does not own the stock.  I do think there is a realistic possibility it gets bought out, and maybe sooner rather than later. 

He cites Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% and Google s parent company, Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% GOOG, -0.09% as possible buyers.

Not everyone is convinced.

 I don t see how Twitter fits into another s business model. I don t see how it merits a huge premium,  says Tom Vandeventer, portfolio manager of the Tocqueville Opportunity Fund TOPPX, +0.00% who made a great bullish call on Facebook in a column of mine in 2013 when the stock was at $23. (It s now at $109.)

But takeover rumors often boost Twitter s stock after it gets hit by poor quarterly results, as it just did. And we could see a repeat.

 It happens with this stock all the time,  says Taulli.  I do think there is some kind of trading play here. 

Meanwhile, the outlook for Twitter is not entirely bleak. Usage picked up in January. Co-founder and CEO Jack Dorsey, relatively new to the job, has been making changes, like allowing longer tweets and sorting tweets by relevance as opposed to time posted. And he is not done yet.

 In the core product, there s just a number of broken windows that are confusing people and inhibiting a lot of growth,  he said in the company s most recent conference call. He wants to improve live streaming and make the platform more intuitive.

LinkedIn: Cheaper valuation raises buyout potential

LinkedIn shares were hammered in February when results got hit by sluggish ad revenue and mobile growth, ho-hum performance of its Sales Navigator sales-lead generator, and weakness in Europe and Asia.

The stock fell to around $115 today from above $200. This huge hit improved valuation considerably. LinkedIn now trades for the sector multiple, despite expected superior growth. This ups the odds of a takeover, say Goldman Sachs analysts. The analysts increased takeover potential to two from three, on a scale of one to four.

 We believe the decline in LinkedIn s multiple and enterprise value could make it a more attractive acquisition target,  says Terry, the Goldman analyst covering the stock.

One obstacle: LinkedIn has a dual-share-class structure, which concentrates voting power. But even without a takeover, LinkedIn could do well, given the company s big network of users and how much they like the site   plus all the valuable user information this provides. Terry has a $155 price target.

Yahoo: Pay me now or pay me later

Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% is already for sale. The only question is whether it gets sold in bits and pieces as CEO Marissa Mayer would like, or whole, as activist hedge fund Starboard Value is gunning for.

Mayer s plan is to continue selling off parts, like patents, property and non-core assets, generating $1 billion to $3 billion this year, while working on the ongoing turnaround of the core businesses   search, display ad, mail and Tumblr. The company also continues to look for a tax-efficient way to separate from its holding of about 15% of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.38%

This path alone could push the stock up to $47 in a year from recent levels of around $33, says Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak. He assigns a $9-a-share value to the core businesses, $6 to the company s 35.5% stake in Yahoo! Japan, and about $32 a share to the Alibaba stake (assuming $115 a share in value for Alibaba).

The problem is that Starboard Value is probably unimpressed with Yahoo! s recently announced game plan.

 We don t think there is anything in the announced restructuring and potential non-core asset sales that will mollify activist investors,  says Barclays analyst Paul Vogel. Though he concedes Meyer s plan might be a way to shape up Yahoo! for a sale.

 I think they get bought out. It s like AOL,  says Taulli. AOL was recently purchased by Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.61%  These second-tier and third-tier Internet properties are hot properties if owned by strategic players. As independent entities, not so much. 

Groupon: Not so dead after all

Following several quarters of lousy performance, shares of Groupon Inc. GRPN, -2.92% were just about left for dead in February. The stock traded near $2. Then Alibaba disclosed a 5.6% stake, confirming it might not be so dead after all. That lit a fire under Groupon s stock. It rose above $5 before settling in around $4.

What s next? CEO Rich Williams, who took over in November, has been aggressively streamlining the company, trimming its presence to 28 countries from 47. He s also adding customers. We see signs of progress. Revenue increased nearly 9% in the fourth quarter. That news moved the stock up even before the Alibaba lightning struck.

But Taulli thinks a takeover is still possible, and he cites Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% as a possible buyer. That s because Groupon is in areas Amazon has had trouble penetrating. Groupon partners with smaller local companies that will remain brick-and-mortar for some time, like spas and restaurants.

Predicting buyouts is so tough, it s unlikely all of the companies mentioned above will get bought. But given how much Internet-based companies have fallen, they look a lot more like targets.

 This year could be interesting for mergers and acquisitions in social media,  says Taulli.

At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush suggested FB in his stock newsletter Brush Up On Stocks in April 2013. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist Group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. 
2016-02-21
Yahoo Said to Start Approaching Bidders as Soon as Monday Who Are the Possible Bidders for Yahoo?

Yahoo! Inc. will begin approaching potential corporate and private equity buyers as soon as Monday as the Web company seeks bidders for its core business, according to people familiar with the process.

Companies such as Verizon Communications Inc., Comcast Corp. and AT&T Inc. are among interested parties, as well as buyout firms including Bain Capital Partners, KKR & Co. and TPG, the people said, asking not to be identified as the situation isn t public. The potential first-round bids for the business are unlikely to come in for at least a month, they said.

Yahoo said Friday it hired financial advisers and told independent board members to explore its strategic options, as it takes steps to transform itself and consider deals amid rising pressure from investors. Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and PJT Partners Inc. will provide financial counsel, the Web company said a statement.

A new committee of directors will reach out to potentially interested parties and make recommendations on any proposed transactions, Yahoo said.

Representatives for Yahoo, Verizon, Comcast, AT&T and TPG declined to comment. Officials for Bain and KKR didn t immediately respond to requests for comment.

Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer is under pressure from activist shareholders after struggling to boost sales and separate Yahoo from a $26 billion stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Starboard Value LP is taking initial steps toward a potential proxy fight with Yahoo, people familiar with the matter said last week.

Yahoo climbed 2.8 percent to $30.87 as of 12:58 p.m. in New York, giving the company a market value of about $29 billion. Through Friday s close, the shares declined 10 percent this year after falling 34 percent in 2015. 
2016-08-13
What Did Verizon Really Get In The Yahoo Deal? Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) agreed last month to buy Yahoo! Inc.'s (NASDAQ: YHOO) core Internet business, but Yahoo shares surged 3.3 percent on Thursday following Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) s big Q2 earnings beat. The vast majority of Yahoo s value comes from its 15 percent stake in Alibaba and its 35.5 percent stake in Yahoo Japan Corp, neither of which is included in the Verizon deal.

If Verizon isn t getting Yahoo s most valuable assets, what exactly is it getting and why does Verizon want it?

Digital Advertising

As the telecommunication market becomes more saturated, Verizon is trying to stay ahead of the curve by looking for growth opportunities in mobile digital advertising. In fact, this new strategy is exactly why Verizon paid a combined $9.2 billion for Yahoo and AOL within the past year, two former Internet giants who are typically seen as companies that came out on the losing side of the battle for modern Internet domination.

Related Link: ESPN Launches WWE Vertical 6 Months After Saying It Doesn't Cover Pro Wrestling As Sport

Despite its shortcomings, AOL has put together some impressive programmatic video advertising technology in recent years.

Content Is King

Yahoo has struggled to turn a profit on its Internet business in recent years, but it certainly has an audience. Roughly a billion users visit Yahoo sites regularly for sports scores, financial news, Yahoo email, photo-sharing and other services.

If Verizon is going to make a successful transition to mobile advertising, it needs content, and it needs an audience. Yahoo has both.

See more from Benzinga

  2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-01-11
Yahoo Considers Selling Its Internet Business Yahoo! Inc.( NASDAQ:YHOO) is said to be considering the outright sale of its internet business, instead of spinning it off into a separate entity as put forward last month. Such a move would be the latest effort by management to unlock the value for its internet business. The market capitalization of Yahoo approximates the value of the sum of its cash and its equity holdings in Alibaba and Yahoo! Japan, suggesting a negative valuation for the core business. The company is under considerable pressure from investors to seek a remedy to this situation.

However, we still believe that selling the internet business might be a challenge as it is not as lucrative as it once was in the face of increasing competition from other content providers.

Click here to see our full analysis of Yahoo

Who Can Buy The Internet Assets?

Yahoo s portfolio consists of some famous websites such as Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Sports, Yahoo! News and Yahoo! Mail. These websites have over 1 billion unique visitors with over 700 million users for its mobile apps. Considering the sizeable footprint in the Internet, Yahoo s web properties can attract private equity players who are looking to pivot Yahoo s content business into one that offers products for online video or placing ads on other websites programmatically.

It is also possible that Yahoo s internet business, which consists of video (BrightRoll) and mobile (Flurry) programmatic platform, could attract the attention of a telecom giant such as AT&T as was the case with Verizon and AOL. AOL s mobile and video advertising technology was the primary draw for Verizon, as it looked to capitalize on two of the biggest trends in the media and advertising industry. First is the shift of media viewing time from traditional media to mobile devices. And second is the move from manual digital ad purchases to programmatic buying. Additionally, Verizon Communication s CEO, Lowell McAdam, said at a technology conference in December that it can look into buying some of Yahoo s properties as these would complement its AOL properties, which it bought for $4.4 billion last year. What Could Be The Value of Yahoo s Internet Business?

Considering that Yahoo has invested over $2 billion on acquiring companies such as Tumblr ($1.1 billion), BrightRoll ($640 billion) and Flury etc, and its properties have over a billion users, the estimated value of its properties due to search and display ads is close to $5.2 billion. Precedence dictates that an acquirer pays a premium for internet property that have sizeable userbase, as is the case with Yahoo. Therefore, we believe that if Yahoo were to sell all its properties, it could generate over $6 billion from the proceeds, a 20% premium at the current valuation.

However, as the company has not yet released any official statement on the subject, the recent news is mostly a rumor. However, investors hope that the news is true and it was reflected in the stock price spike on Friday. 
2016-07-06
Verizon's Pursuit of Yahoo Puts the Spotlight on a Rising Star As Verizon Communications Inc. gears up for a possible acquisition of Yahoo! Inc., the executive in charge of reinventing the phone company as a digital powerhouse is Marni Walden, who began her career selling handsets from a kiosk in a home-improvement store.

If Walden, the head of product innovation and new businesses for the $231 billion company, can successfully swing the transition, it may alter not only Verizon s course but also her career. The 49-year-old is on a short list of candidates to potentially succeed Verizon Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam, 62, a position never held by a woman.

Marni Walden. Source: Verizon Communications Inc.

The latest round of bids for Yahoo is due Wednesday, and Verizon is one of the leading contenders. But so far the company s digital transformation is off to a slow start. Go90, the free mobile-video service for teens overseen by Walden, hasn t attracted a massive following, and the bid for a failing Yahoo has puzzled Wall Street. She came under fire in April as analysts pressed her on why Verizon was venturing so deeply into mobile advertising and putting itself on a collision course with Facebook Inc. and Google.

 It s a high-risk, high-reward assignment,  said Rosabeth Kanter, professor at Harvard Business School who has studied Verizon s management for 10 years.  Marni brings a whole new skill and capability. 

Walden is trying to take digital ventures like subsidiary AOL -- and potentially Yahoo -- and use them to forge a new path for a company that dates back to Ma Bell. Not only is she the boss of the freewheeling AOL CEO Tim Armstrong, she also oversees wireless Internet services like connected cars and the company s push into online video, which will expand to premium subscription services.

After spending $130 billion in 2014 to buy out partner Vodafone Group Plc s stake, McAdam wanted to protect Verizon s landline and wireless business while exploring new areas. He divided the task, naming John Stratton president of operations with responsibility for the main business. Walden was put in charge of new ventures.

 I needed to bring in some new talent, and Marni was the choice,  McAdam said. A product-development person from outside would have been an obvious choice, he said, but an insider with lots of operations skill and customer knowledge was key.

Walden doesn t exactly fit the mold of Verizon executives, who have largely been part of an Eastern boys club. Raised in Cheyenne, Wyoming, she s the second of three siblings, all of whom spent much of their youth on the family s cattle ranch.

 When I was growing up, I wanted to be either a cowboy or a ballet dancer,  Walden said.  But neither seemed like reasonable options.  

Leaving Wyoming

Wyoming held few prospects. Her grandparents sold the ranch, and when her older sister, April, moved to California for college, Marni followed and finished her last year of high school in Chico. Like her sister, she attended California State University at Chico.

Her first job after college was selling briefcase phones for General Cellular Corp. at a high table covered with a plastic sheet inside a Chico home-improvement store. That was 1991.

 I called my parents and told them I was going to work with a cellular company -- back then we called them car phones,  she recalled.  And my parents were like,  People are going to put phones in their cars?  And I remember them thinking,  This is not going to last.   

Walden quickly rose from the kiosk to bigger sales duties at General Cellular. Within three years, she was opening stores and eventually managing multiple locations. Her ascent coincided with industry consolidation.

Big sister April took a parallel path in wireless. After Chico, she landed at San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis. PacBell, as it was called, spun off its wireless business in 1994 and named it AirTouch Communications Inc., where April served as head of investor relations.

Sibling Connection

When Marni wanted to relocate closer to the Rocky Mountains, April put her in touch with her colleagues at AirTouch, who eventually hired her to run that region. AirTouch was acquired by U.K.-based Vodafone in 1999 and became part of a wireless joint venture with Verizon. It was integrated into Verizon after the 2014 buyout.

Walden lives with her husband and son near Verizon s New Jersey office and travels the country weekly to meet with her teams.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

At work, Walden pushes her staff to be efficient, though she has a playful side. If someone shows up late to one of her meetings, she fires up a karaoke machine and requires the laggard to sing as punishment. The punctuality rule applies to everyone, including AOL s Armstrong, who recalls having to sing John Denver s  Take Me Home, Country Roads  as penance. Walden remembers it as the soft-rock standard  Feelings. 

One area where Walden needs to exercise her muscles is outside the office, McAdam said. At first she was a bit awestruck by the Hollywood crowd she was thrown into in her new role making content deals for go90, he said.

 Now she s having conversations with them on a daily basis,  McAdam said.

Pursuing Yahoo

Those circles are fairly routine for AOL s Armstrong, who was in Cannes, France, for an entertainment conference last month and is attending Allen & Co. s annual gathering in Sun Valley, Idaho, this week.

 My charter is to go stand up several businesses,  Walden said.  Tim runs one of those businesses and he is pretty independent. I let Tim run his business. He s very public. He has to be: He s competing with Google and Facebook and his customers and employees need to see him out there fighting for the business. 

To help Walden and Armstrong, Verizon has been pursuing the purchase of Yahoo. With its millions of users, online properties and ad technology, it could bolster AOL. Verizon is among the leading contenders, competing against Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans Inc., and AT&T Inc., according to people familiar with the matter.

Walden s highest profile project is go90, a YouTube-like collection of short clips and shows supported by ad revenue. Verizon hasn t disclosed subscriber numbers but says it will provide some ways to show viewer engagement later this month when it reports earnings.

 I don t think the top people at Verizon are losing any sleep over whether go90 is a success or failure,  said Jennifer Fritzsche, an analyst with Wells Fargo Securities LLC.  Walden is a major pillar in Verizon s future. Her legacy won t be judged by go90.  Report: Dan Gilbert-led investment group to offer final bid for Yahoo Report: Dan Gilbert-led investment group to offer final bid for Yahoo

A group of investors led by Quicken Loans Inc. Chairman Dan Gilbert is expected to offer a third and final bid Wednesday for internet pioneer Yahoo Inc., Redcode.net reported.

The bid by Gilbert, who also owns the NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers, is reportedly being backed by billionaire investor Warren Buffett. His competition for Yahoo is Verizon Communications Inc., Redcode reported.

Representatives from Dan Gilbert's investment arm, Rock Ventures LLC, did not immediately respond for comment.

Experts predict bids between $3.5 billion and $5 billion.

Once upon a time, Yahoo was the envy of the tech world   putting millions of users in an email address and building a web portal that reigned supreme before Google Inc. even existed   but now it's in the throes of a decade-long slide.

Yahoo tried to reinvent itself as a media company in 2005, but Google and newcomers like Facebook Inc. overtook its standing in online advertising.

Yahoo's stock price has plummeted from $108 at the end of 1999 to just $37.40 in early trading Wednesday. It struggles with profitability, reporting a $99 million loss in the first quarter of this year. Today, almost all of Yahoo's $35 billion market value derives from its 15.5 percent stake in China's largest e-commerce company, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Yahoo's 383.6 million shares in Alibaba are worth roughly $30.6 billion, according to calculations made from Bloomberg data.

But Yahoo, and its related sites, is still the third-most visited in the U.S.   with 206.9 million unique visitors in March, according to analytics site ComScore Inc.   behind Google and Facebook.

Even at a good price, it's difficult to predict what Gilbert would do with Yahoo.

"Yahoo's biggest asset is traffic ... it's a top site," Puneet Manchanda, chair of marketing for University of Michigan told Crain's in May. "(But) it is hard to see synergy between Yahoo's traffic and Gilbert's portfolio. The only connection is that a lot of customer acquisition and management is now via digital channels and this could potentially help in building up Gilbert's businesses in consumer finance and gaming/entertainment. There is also a possibility that this purchase is a way to get hold of a (mass) media property and use it as a communication/public relations tool."

Related Links 
2016-03-14
Sports Illustrated, Sweepstakes App Provider Announce March Madness Bracket ... USA March 14 2016

Last Wednesday, Time Inc. s  Sports Illustrated  brand and sweepstakes app provider Kizzang LLC ( Kizzang ) announced their upcoming $25 million College Basketball Bracket Challenge.

With potential prizes in the millions (or billions) of dollars, how can sweepstakes sponsors minimize their legal risk?

Kizzang s Sweepstakes App and Sports Illustrated 2016 College Basketball Bracket Challenge

Formed in 2013, Kizzang is a sweepstakes app provider that sponsors games, sweepstakes and contests through its Web and mobile platforms. On March 9, 2016, Kizzang and Sports Illustrated announced their partnership for this month s  Sports Illustrated 2016 College Basketball Bracket Challenge. 

Like other March Madness contest of its kind, any participant who can correctly predict the winner of all 63 games in the NCAA Men s Basketball Tournament will win a cash prize   in Kizzang and Sports Illustrated s case, a $25,000,000 prize. The promotion is accessible through Kizzang s downloadable sweepstakes app.

March Madness Contest Mishap

As we reported previously, the sponsor of another March Madness contest faced legal issues before the promotion even came to fruition. When Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo ) wanted to offer a similar March Madness contest with SCA Promotions, Inc. ( SCA ) in 2014 with a $1 billion prize, Yahoo changed its plans and worked out a deal with Quicken Loans (and without SCA). SCA sued Yahoo, alleging breach of contract and claiming that Yahoo owed SCA nearly $10 million.

The district court ultimately granted Yahoo s motion for summary judgment and dismissed the sweepstakes lawsuit. Although Yahoo prevailed at the federal district court level, SCA has appealed the ruling.

Legal Concerns for Sweepstakes Sponsors

Sponsoring a promotional contest or sweepstakes app or website can come with a number of legal risks   sometimes before the applicable promotion even gets off of the ground. Sponsors should ensure that they have taken every precaution to conduct their contest or sweepstakes in accordance with applicable regulations and third-party agreements. 
2016-06-07
3 Stocks to Watch on Tuesday: Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Verizon ... Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen confirmed that no interest rate hike will be announced next week, and instead the Fed will look to either July or September. The markets were pleased with the news, with the S&P 500 rising 0.5% to a seven-month high, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average surged 0.6%.

Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALXN ), FedEx Corporation (NYSE: FDX ) and Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) were among companies making waves ahead of Tuesday s trading.

Here s what you need to know heading into the day:

Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ)

In a move that most saw coming, VZ reportedly was planning a bid for the core business of beleaguered internet company Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ). Any offer would be part of Yahoo s second round of bidding, and Verizon s is expected to come in at $3 billion, according to a Wall Street Journal report.

Verizon appears to be interested in just the core business, and not other assets  such as patents and real estate. 

The report says private equity outfit TPG could also submit a bid.

Yahoo has been trading in a fairly tight range for the past two months as Wall Street waits to see how the bidding wars shake out.

Tuesday s news actually has YHOO shares off 1% before the bell.

Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN)

ALXN stock is off by double digits in Tuesday s premarket trading amid an obstacle in the progress of one of its drug trials.

Soliris   a medication that treats two types of blood disorders   failed to meet its primary goal during the late stages of an FDA trial. This trial is focused on patients with refractory generalized myasthenia gravis, a condition that weakens muscles, causes exhaustion and can even lead to respiratory failure. During phase 3 of the treatment, patients did not improve significantly.

The drug previously received approval for the treatment of rare blood disorders paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome.

ALXN shares were off more than 11% in Tuesday s premarket trade.

FedEx Corporation (FDX)

FDX shareholders are getting a significantly greater amount of cash from the delivery company, as FedEx announced a massive bump to its quarterly dividend.

The parcel service provider said it will boost its payout from 25 cents to 40 cents   a 60% improvement.

The dividend will be paid out to FDX shareholders on record as of the end of business on June 16. Investors will receive their tidy sums on July 1.

FDX shares were off slightly in Tuesday s early trading, looking likely to remain in the same holding pattern the stock has been mired in since mid-March.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Activist hedge fund TCI builds Yahoo stake - Sky News  Verizon to bid $3 bln for Yahoo's web assets in second round of bidding - CNBC, citing DJ  
2016-12-07
KeyStone Solutions, Inc. and Brekford Corp. (OTCQX: BFDI) Announce Terms for ... Merger Would Allow Combined Companies to Grow Existing Business Through Access to Additional Capital, Sales and Distribution Resources

CHANTILLY, VA / ACCESSWIRE / December 7, 2016 / KeyStone Solutions, Inc. ("KeyStone"), a company whose subsidiaries presently serve the government contracting sector, announced today that it has entered into a non-binding letter of intent ("LOI") to combine with Brekford Corp. (BFDI) ("Brekford"). KeyStone is focused on building end-to-end solutions for its clients through both acquisitive and organic means. Brekford is a public company that delivers public safety technology and turnkey automated traffic safety solutions to federal, state and municipal audiences. KeyStone management believes that through sales, partnering, expanding distribution and strategic direction, it can create value for the combined entity's shareholders. The LOI contains an exclusivity provision through March 31, 2017 during which time Brekford has agreed they will not solicit, negotiate, or accept any third-party proposals regarding the acquisition of Brekford, any merger or consolidation with or involving Brekford, or any other "Competing Transaction" (as defined in the LOI) of Brekford, except for the sale of Brekford's vehicle upfitting business. The proposed transaction is conditioned on the sale by Brekford of not more than 81% of its vehicle upfitting business to a company with the resources to grow that business unit to a national footprint, with the terms of such sale to be approved by KeyStone.

The LOI contemplates a consolidation in which KeyStone and Brekford would merge with two separate wholly owned merger subsidiaries of a newly formed publicly traded holding company, with KeyStone and Brekford surviving as wholly owned subsidiaries of that new holding company. If the mergers were consummated as planned, shares in KeyStone and Brekford would be exchanged for shares in the new holding company, resulting in KeyStone and Brekford becoming wholly owned subsidiaries of the holding company. The foregoing share exchanges would be accomplished pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The parties expect that the consolidation would result in KeyStone stockholders and Brekford stockholders holding approximately 80% and 20%, respectively, of the new holding company's shares on a fully diluted basis upon the closing of the combination. The LOI requires that the parties work exclusively together to complete definitive agreements by January 31, 2017, with a view toward closing on the combination by the end of the first quarter of 2017.

KeyStone previously announced its intended acquisition of Firestorm Solutions, LLC (http://keystonewins.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/U-1-2016.11.21-Final-Firestorm.pdf). KeyStone intends to leverage the Firestorm network of principals and locations to expand Brekford's product distribution to municipalities and government agencies. A combination of the three companies, should it occur, would allow Brekford to increase sales in its two core service areas, upfitting for public safety vehicles and automated traffic safety enforcement. KeyStone management believes that through the use of additional capital, strategic relationships, and broadened distribution, the combined entity will grow beyond Brekford's existing markets. The boards of KeyStone and Brekford believe the resulting entity will create greater opportunities for shareholder value.

"The combination of KeyStone, Brekford and Firestorm will allow the shareholders to enjoy the benefits of an entity that gains greater market share in the government contracting space. With the federal government spending an estimated $430-500 billion annually procuring products and services, we feel this market is stable, unlikely to shrink and has a strong need for innovative products and services such as those provided by our subsidiaries," said KeyStone Solutions CEO Robert A. Berman.

Upon closing of the consolidation, Robert A. Berman is expected to become CEO of the combined entity.

"Brekford is excited to complete this combination with Keystone and Firestorm, which we believe will provide increased value to our shareholders and customers on multiple fronts. We intend to offer our turnkey automated photo enforcement services much more broadly throughout the United States, utilizing a force multiplier effect with Firestorm's business development network. Additionally, we are confident that customers will continue to benefit from our foundation as a public safety solutions provider, as we seek to identify the appropriate buyer for our public safety vehicle services business," said Rod Hillman, Brekford Corp. President and COO.

Read More SmooFi Announces Corporate Name Change to NuLife Sciences, Inc. and Stock ... SAN CLEMENTE, CA--(Marketwired - December 07, 2016) - SmooFi Inc. (SMFI) today announced that FINRA has approved its corporate name change to NuLife Sciences, Inc. as well as a change of the trading symbol of the Company's common stock. Effective Thursday, December 8th, the Company's shares of common stock will commence trading on the OTC Markets under the trading symbol "NULF" and CUSIP number 67054M105.

The name change was the result of the close of the Asset Purchase Agreement through which NuLife acquired all of the assets of GandTex, LLC, a company with biomedical IP focused on advancing human organ transplant technology and medical research.

"We are moving forward as NuLife Sciences, a name that better reflects our focus on a unique patented proprietary method, the 'NuLife Technique', that could potentially eliminate the need for an organ or tissue match and the necessity for anti-rejection drugs in human organ transplant," said John Hollister, Chief Executive Officer of NuLife Sciences. "With over 123K candidates waiting for an organ in the U.S. alone, the market need is great with a potential to use discarded or marginal organs. With the Discovery phase completed, we now intend to enter a Preclinical phase involving animal experiments in collaboration with Florida International University and Nova Southeastern University. We look forward to updating investors as our progress moves ahead."

About NuLife Sciences

NuLife Sciences is a biomedical company focused on advancing human organ transplant technology and medical research. NuLife has a patent protected unique proprietary method ("NuLife Technique") that could potentially eliminate the need for an organ or tissue match and the necessity for anti-rejection drugs. With a massive need and market for organ transplants, and over 123K candidates waiting for an organ in the U.S. alone, NuLife's versatile technique is suitable for a variety of clinical indications. The Company has completed discovery phase for its technique, and is now entering a Preclinical phase involving animal experiments on its pathway to commercialization. NuLife Sciences will also provide an online marketplace and community to assist in creating jobs and enable entrepreneurs and service providers to offer health related products and services within local markets.

Safe Harbor

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control. The Company's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this press release. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's growth strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenue or losses, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this press release, the words "will," "may," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "expect," "project," "plan" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information contained herein. Potential investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this press release are reasonable, the Company cannot assure potential investors that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. The Company discloses important factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from its expectations under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this press release. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf. T-Mobile is trying to revolutionize the way you use your phone number T-Mobile has introduced a new service it hopes will reinvent how you use your phone number. Called Digits, the initiative lets you use your regular old number across multiple devices; we re talking Android phones, iPhones, tablets, computers, smart watches, the works.

Conversely, you ll also be able to add multiple phone numbers to a single device, which means you won t have to carry around a personal and work phone anymore, since you can use both phone numbers on one device.

Digits is currently in a closed beta and available to only a limited number of T-Mobile customers. T-Mobile hasn t announced pricing for the service, though representatives were keen to point out that it will be  disruptive. 

So how will Digits work? Good question. Say you have a T-Mobile iPhone and an old Verizon phone sitting in your drawer, or even your current work phone. You sign up for Digits and, in the instance of that old Verizon phone, download the Digits app to your Verizon handset. From then on, you ll be able to place calls and send messages using your T-Mobile number on that Verizon phone through the Digits app.

If you ve got a work phone and want to leave it behind, you can simply add the number to your personal device via Digits. That way you ll be able to make calls and send text messages to work contacts without having to deal with two different handsets.

Since Digits also works with your laptop and desktop, you can also make calls and send messages via your web browser in the event that you forget your phone at home or it dies and you can t find a charger. To do that, you ll simply have to log into your T-Mobile account from your computer. Once you re logged in, you ll have access to all of your contacts and text messages.

There are certainly other services similar to Digits out there, such as Google Voice, Verizon s One Talk and AT&T s NumberSync. But, according to T-Mobile, those don t let you use multiple numbers on your device, while also letting you use your number on other companies  handsets, tablets and desktops.

If you do put your number on multiple devices, T-Mobile says they ll each ring at the same time, to ensure you don t miss your call. There s no word if you ll be able to silence specific devices, though, being unable to do so would be downright ridiculous. You don t want to hear your phone, tablet, laptop and watch ring all at once. That would drive you nuts.

If you re interested in signing up for the Digits beta, you ll need to have an Active T-Mobile postpaid account and an Android phone running Android 5.0 or newer, an iPhone running iOS 9 or newer and either Firefox or Chrome for your Mac or PC. Unfortunately, T-Mobile says Apple s iMessage won t work with the Digits beta, so if you manage to get in, you ll have to disable it and use a standard texting app.

More from Dan:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. 
2016-07-12
SunTrust Downgrades Twitter, Yahoo: Here's A Timeline Of Recent Buyout Speculation Following Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) s massive $26 billion buyout of LinkedIn Corp (NYSE: LNKD), shareholders of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) seemed convinced buyout deals for each company were imminent. So far, they have both gotten nothing but more speculation.

SunTrust analyst Bob Peck lost his patience with the two stocks earlier this week and downgraded both to Neutral. Why? In all likelihood, it s because of the same reasons both companies weren t acquired a long time ago. Both companies have struggled to define a clear vision for the future and both companies are suffering from stagnant growth.

Related Link: Cybersecurity Consolidation May Be Heating Up

M&A chatter has certainly heated up last month, but so far, neither company has closed a deal. Here s a timeline of buyout-related headlines for the two companies since the beginning of June.

Timeline

June 3: NY Post reported Twitter and Yahoo discussed a potential merger but are now no longer interested in a deal.

NY Post reported Twitter and Yahoo discussed a potential merger but are now no longer interested in a deal. June 7: Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) reportedly bid $3 billion for Yahoo s core assets.

(NYSE: VZ) reportedly bid $3 billion for Yahoo s core assets. June 7: Benzinga reported unconfirmed market chatter that AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) could make a surprise bid for Yahoo.

Benzinga reported unconfirmed market chatter that (NYSE: T) could make a surprise bid for Yahoo. June 9: CNBC reported Yahoo received multiple bids at or above $5 billion and Verizon s more than $3.5 billion bid was among the lower bids. CNBC reported bidding will conclude by mid-July.

CNBC reported Yahoo received multiple bids at or above $5 billion and Verizon s more than $3.5 billion bid was among the lower bids. CNBC reported bidding will conclude by mid-July. June 10: Bloomberg reported AT&T and Dan Gilbert each offered $5 billion for Yahoo.

Bloomberg reported AT&T and Dan Gilbert each offered $5 billion for Yahoo. June 13: Reuters reported Verizon, AT&T and Dan Gilbert are entering the final round of Yahoo bidding.

Reuters reported Verizon, AT&T and Dan Gilbert are entering the final round of Yahoo bidding. June 13: Recode speculated Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA) could be buyers for Twitter.

Recode speculated (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and (NASDAQ: CMCSA) could be buyers for Twitter. June 20: TechCrunch mentioned Google as a potential Twitter buyer.

Did you like this article? Could it have been improved? Please email feedback@benzinga.com to let us know!

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Latest Ratings for YHOO Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Needham Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 MKM Partners Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for YHOO

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color CNBC News Downgrades Rumors M&A Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Yahoo's Patents Are a Pile of Junk, Report Says Little has gone right for Yahoo, which is one reason the flailing tech giant decided this spring to sell off the bulk of its patent portfolio. Now it looks like the move will produce a further disappointment as a report suggests most of the patents are weak or outright worthless.

A summary of the report, published Monday by TurboPatent , claims that 44% of the thousands of patents have "high severity" issues and that nearly all of the patents, including pending ones, have deficiencies that could lead them to be invalidated. These findings throw further cold water on optimistic predictions that Yahoo ( yhoo ) could make up to $4 billion from the sale.

TurboPatent, which produced the 155-page report, is a Seattle-based analytics firm that analyzes patent quality and helps firms with the patent application process.

According to CEO James Billmaier, the company deployed its machine learning and artificial intelligence technology over several days to assess the Yahoo portfolio, which consists of 1,757 patents and 896 patent applications.

The process looked for similarities between Yahoo's portfolio and other patents to determine how vulnerable the Yahoo ones would be to challenges that claim they are invalid. The conclusion was stark.

"[Our] analysis found Yahoo! s Excalibur patent portfolio contains a much higher percentage of potentially worthless patents than the average patent portfolio," the company said in a statement.

In addition to the 44% of patents and applications deemed to have "high severity" vulnerabilities, TurboReport found another 53% had low or moderate vulnerabilities.

According to Billmaier, "high severity" indicates an over 90% likelihood a patent would not survive a challenge, while"moderate" indicates around a 50% chance of such a likelihood and "low" equals around 10 or 20%. He added that the firm's assessment was based on an automated review, but also involved human spot reviews as well.

Get Data Sheet , Fortune s daily tech newsletter.

PatentTurbo's findings, if accurate, make the portfolio an unattractive asset since the patents it contains would be difficult to enforce. They also add credence to an earlier news report that Yahoo's gambit, which involved putting the 2,653 patent assets into a shell company called Excalibur, amounted to a "fire sale." Yahoo has denied such assessments.

"As we've said from the beginning, we believe this portfolio represents significant value," said a spokesperson, who declined to provide further specifics.

Alice's Arrival and a Shifting Patent Landscape

TurboPatent identified four categories under which the Yahoo patents could be found vulnerable. One of these categories concerns Alice , a landmark Supreme Court decision from 2014 that found existing ideas can't be patented simply because they are implemented with the help of a computer. This has cast a cloud on many software-related patents, including those in the Yahoo portfolio.

Another TurboPatent red flag that a patent is weak is a dearth of citations from other patents. The company, which considers 30-plus citations to be the sign of a strong patent, found that only 169 of the Yahoo patents met this mark, while also noting that 725 of them had been cited by exactly zero other patents.

The other two categories used by the company to flag suspect patents are title and assignment issues, and "technical quality," which evaluates the language and process used to seek patents.

TurboPatent is not, of course, the one that gets to decide whether Yahoo's patents should be valid. It can only predict, and its predictions might be wrong.

That said, the company and its CEO appear well-versed in the arcane aspects of patent law. More importantly, unlike other companies that offer intellectual property services, TurboPatent does not appear to have a strategic interest in the Yahoo sale going off well or poorly Billmaier told me it is simply using the Yahoo portfolio as a way to show off its technology.

More broadly, the findings are not surprising given the nature of Yahoo's business and changes to patent law that have taken place in recent years.

Many of the company's patents fall under categories like "database and file management" and "financial price determination," which are likely to confront Alice challenges if anyone asserts them in a lawsuit. Meanwhile, changes to the patent system (recently upheld by the Supreme Court ) have made it much easier and less expensive for defendants to challenge low-quality patents held by Yahoo or anyone else.

The upshot is that predictions of Yahoo receiving $4 billion or even $1 billion for the patent portfolio appear way, way overstated. (Potential buyers would also be aware that some of the patents date from 1996 and will expire soon, and that maintaining the portfolio could cost more than $20 million in fees to the Patent Office).

Finally, there is the question of who would want to buy the Yahoo portfolio. As the veteran tech writer Steven Levy noted , it could go to another tech giant like Google ( goog ) , or it could be snapped up by investors who want to "unleash a flurry of patent trolling."

Whatever the outcome, the Excalibur sale is likely to mark another milestone in Yahoo's apparently permanent decline. 
2016-07-18
When will Marissa Mayer leave Yahoo? Along with sale outcome and potentially ... Which is why it's probably not much of a surprise that the rumors started swirling this weekend about how and when its CEO Marissa Mayer will leave the company she has led for four years.

More from Recode:

How many people are actually playing Pok mon Go? Here's our best guess so far.

Donald Trump's terrible Mike Pence speech showed us Twitter at its best

Here's what Pokemon Go looks like on a $2,750 augmented reality headset

Will she cut out as soon as Yahoo announces whichever of the remaining bidders prevails, as one scenario that has been discussed among insiders at the company? While the idea of Mayer leaving quickly could be unusual, some speculate that she is even now planning her soft landing, which might see the high-profile exec in a more low-key place for a while.



Or, as is more likely, will Mayer stick around and help the victor with the transition   if they want her help at all, that is   making sure that at least some of her many efforts were not for naught? Under such a plan, whoever buys Yahoo might even let Mayer stay on its board, even if she no longer had real influence.



Among the most unusual ideas I have heard over and over is that there will be no sale and Mayer will continue to rush into the breech with her latest turnaround plan. Sources inside the company said she has been actively managing the company of late, despite the end game approaching.



But the idea that Yahoo will not sell seems outlandish, given how opposed activist shareholder Starboard Value had been to Mayer's tenure before it got several seats on the board and how badly investors would react to such a development.



What is clear though is that Mayer is not calling any of the shots in the final sale, according to numerous sources from both inside and outside the company. Instead, key Yahoo players include board chairman Maynard Webb and director Tom McInerney, as well the company's platoon of bankers.



"She's been helpful with questions, but it's clear they have recused her," said one bidder, a sentiment that was echoed by many of them. "The Mayer era at Yahoo is pretty much over."

And it is one that ends with whimper and not a bang.



That's in contrast to when Mayer came in, when it was all huzzahs for the well-regarded tech star from Google. Now not so much, after she has been unable to turn Yahoo around, despite a rigorous, splashy and pricey effort to do so.



Speaking of pricey, because of that, there is likely to be ever-louder grumbling about the eventual departure payout that is expected to be substantive for Mayer, as well as other top execs, many of whom have had their stock grants accelerated in the case of a sale.

Does the management team in place deserve it? Probably not. Does it matter? Not even slightly, with most possible buyers writing it off as the cost of doing business in this transaction.

"[Mayer] is less expensive than a lot of other things are going to be," said another bidder, who is more concerned with deals that could be costly such as the one Mayer struck with Mozilla for search share (which is as bad for Yahoo as I previously wrote, because I've seen the contract). "But, everyone has eyes wide open here."



The eyes have it, it seems, as BGC Financial analyst Colin Gillis noted in a report last week: "Yahoo is over in our eyes."



 By Kara Swisher, Recode.net.

CNBC's parent NBCUniversal is an investor in Recode's parent Vox, and the companies have a content-sharing arrangement. CNBC has a content-sharing partnership with Yahoo's finance site.

 Whisper Numbers: Netflix, Yahoo, VMware, Rambus (NFLX, YHOO, VMW, RMBS) All eyes will be on Netflix, Inc (NFLX) after today s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the video-streaming service to post $2.11 billion in sales during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. This would show a 7.65% increase from the 1Q16 revenue of $1.96 billion, as well as an increase of 28.66% from the same period in 2Q15. EPS in 2Q16 are expected to come in at $0.02, a decline rate of 66.67% from $0.06 per share a year earlier. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.04 per share.

Share price:

Netflix s stock price has stagnated as subscriber growth has slowed. The company indicated in the first-quarter of 2016 that its streaming customer base expanded by 6.74 million new subscribers, including 4.51 million international subs and 2.23 million in the U.S. Netflix expects net additions for the current quarter to be down to just 2.5 million.

 As expectations around subscriber growth have become less sanguine, we believe the risk/reward around Netflix is becoming more compelling heading into earnings,  Raymond James  Justin Patterson wrote in a recent note to clients.

Analysts covering Netflix s stock have a median 12-month base case estimate of $120 p/sh with a high target of $150 p/sh. Currently there are 21 analysts that rate NFLX a  Buy , 15 rate it a  Hold . Three analysts rate it a  Sell .

Netflix shares have advanced 4.35% in the last 4 weeks, while declining 11.77% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the name has gained 1.37%. The $42 billion Los Gatos, CA-based market cap company is down 15.04% year-over-year, compared with a gain 1.7% in the S&P 500.

NFLX has lost more than 25 percent of its value since December s $130.93 p/sh record.

 

Yahoo Inc (YHOO) is set to announce its second-quarter 2016 earnings after the market close on Monday, July 18. Analysts expect the struggling internet giant to report earnings per share of $0.10 and revenue of $1.08 billion. That would be $0.02 higher the $0.08 per share posted last quarter, and $0.06 lower the $0.16 posted in the 2Q of 2015. Revenue is projected to be $160 million lower than the $1.24 billion posted in the same period a year earlier. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.10 per share.

Stock Reaction:

Yahoo! Inc. recently traded at $37.81, a gain of 0.23% over Friday s closing price. Shares are down 3.06% on the year, outperforming the S&P s 1.70% gain. Of 33 analysts who follow the stock, 15 rate it at  Buy , and 18 rate it a  Hold . No analyst rates it a  Sell . Their mean price target, or where analysts expect the pps to go, is at $41.50, about 10 percent higher than the current share price.

On Monday, Susquehanna s Shyam Patil reiterated a  Positive  rating and $44 price target on Yahoo shares. SunTrust s Rob Peck on the other hand, downgraded Yahoo s stock to  Neutral  from  Buy  and cut his price target by two points to $42.

 

VMware Inc (VMW) is scheduled to release 2Q16 earnings tonight after the close. The Street is looking for EPS of $0.96 and revenue of $1.68 billion. Last quarter, the provider of cloud and virtualization software and services posted a positive earnings surprise of 2.38%, reporting EPS of $0.86, $0.02 better than the Street s consensus estimate of $0.84. Revenues increased 5.30% on a year-over-year basis to $1.59 billion versus the $1.51 billion reported. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a 2Q16 whisper number of $0.96 per share.

Shares of VMware have gained $0.64 to $62.71 in late morning trading on Monday, giving the company a market cap of roughly $27 billion. The stock traded as high as $117.12 on November 2, 2007.

 

Rambus Inc. (RMBS) is expected to report second quarter 2016 earnings after the bell. The Street has consensus estimates of $0.13 in earnings per share and $74.44 million in revenue. In the Q2 of the previous year, Sunnyvale California-based semiconductor posted $0.13 in EPS and $72.8 million in revenue.

As a quick reminder, Rambus reported Q116 EPS of $0.13, $0.01 better than the Street s consensus estimate. Revenues declined 0.27% on a year-over-year basis to $72.7 million versus the $73.25 million consensus.

Rambus opened at $12.90 on Monday from a close of $12.75. In the past 52 weeks, the name has traded between a low of $9.86 and a high of $14.20, with the 50-day MA and 200-day MA located at $12.08 and $12.27 levels, respectively. Additionally, shares of RMBS trade at a P/E ratio of 0.68 and have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) and MACD indicator of 68.12 and +0.61, respectively

Currently there are 4 analysts that rate the name a  Buy , 2 rate it a  Hold . No analyst rates it a  Sell . RMBS has a median Street price target of $14.00 with a high target of $15.00. SeeThruEquity Issues Update on CytoDyn Inc. (CYDY) NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / July 18, 2016 / SeeThruEquity, the leading independent equity research firm focused on smallcap and microcap public companies, today announced it has issued an update on CytoDyn Inc. (CYDY) with a price target of $3.40.

The report is available here: CYDY Update Note.

CytoDyn Inc. (OTCQB: CYDY, "CytoDyn") is engaged in the development of humanized monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), and other diseases. CytoDyn's lead drug candidate is PRO-140, a viral entry inhibitor which seeks to block HIV from entering a cell by binding to a molecule called CCR5. CytoDyn has a Phase 3 clinical trial underway with PRO-140 for HIV in combination with Highly Active Anti-Retroviral Therapy (HAART). The company also recently initiated a Phase 3 trial of PRO-140 for long-term monotherapy as a replacement for HAART for patients who have completed initial antiretroviral therapy (ART). If approved, PRO-140 would be the first, self-administered, injectable antibody therapy for HIV. In our view, whether approved as a combination therapy or first line therapy, PRO-140 has the potential to be a significant advancement in the treatment of HIV, which could dramatically improve the quality of life for HIV patients while sharply lowering toxicity, offering fewer side-effects, and lowering costs versus existing treatments.

Investment Highlights

Positive Clinical Developments

CytoDyn held an update conference call with investors on July 13, 2016, during which the company announced several key developments on the clinical front. These included an important outcome from its conversations with the FDA regarding its ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial for PRO-140 in combination therapy with HAART, which allows for an accelerated and less costly completion of the trial, as well as the introduction of a new clinical pathway for PRO-140 with the potential for breakthrough and orphan drug designations. Finally, while no specific timing was provided, the company reiterated that achieving an uplisting to the NASDAQ or NYSE Market was a high priority for the company.

FDA allows CYDY to trim patient enrollment pool to 150

In a significant development for what is likely CytoDyn's best chance for an approval of PRO-140, the FDA allowed the company to reduce its enrollment pool by half in its ongoing Phase 3 pivotal study of PRO-140 as a 2nd line combination therapy with HAART. This should allow CytoDyn to accelerate the timeline for the trial. It will also reduce costs given that fewer patients will be participating in the 25-week trial, which has a primary endpoint of viral load reduction from baseline and secondary endpoints of tolerating repeat subcutaneous injections with no serious adverse events related to PRO-140 over 24 weeks. If approved, the potential market opportunity for PRO-140 for 2nd line combination therapy with HAART is estimated to be approximately $5 billion per year.

CYDY identifies new potential pathway for acute HIV

A key takeaway for us from CYDY's investor update was that management believes it has identified a new potential pathway for PRO-140, which has the potential for breakthrough status and may qualify for an orphan drug designation. The pathway involves initiating PRO-140 therapy for treatment-na ve HIV patients in the two week "danger period" while they wait for the results of a genotype test that enables physicians to select the best medication for patients. For these two weeks the patient has no available drugs, making HIV an acute condition. CYDY expects to file an application for a Phase 2b clinical study with the FDA within a week's time, and we are eager to learn more about the size and scope of this this opportunity.

Maintaining price target of $3.40

We are maintaining our price target for CYDY at this time. We continue to see CYDY as a speculative biotechnology company with a bold goal of transforming the quality of life for HIV patients in the United States.

Please review important disclosures at www.seethruequity.com.

About CytoDyn Inc.

CytoDyn is a biotechnology company focused on the clinical development and potential commercialization of humanized monoclonal antibodies for the treatment and prevention of HIV infection. The Company has one of the leading monoclonal antibodies under development for HIV infection, PRO 140, which has completed Phase 2 clinical trials with demonstrated antiviral activity in man and is currently in Phase 3. PRO 140 blocks the HIV co-receptor CCR5 on T cells, which prevents viral entry. Clinical trial results thus far indicate that PRO 140 does not negatively affect the normal immune functions that are mediated by CCR5. Results from seven Phase 1 and Phase 2 human clinical trials have shown that PRO 140 can significantly reduce viral burden in people infected with HIV. A recent Phase 2b clinical trial demonstrated that PRO 140 can prevent viral escape in patients during several weeks of interruption from conventional drug therapy. CytoDyn intends to continue to develop PRO 140 as a therapeutic anti-viral agent in persons infected with HIV and to pursue non-HIV indications where CCR5 and its ligand CCL5 may be involved. www.cytodyn.com.

Read More Yahoo CEO Mayer says no announcement to share on strategic alternatives process - Conf Call  Yahoo expects Q3 revenue of $1,275 - $1,325 mln  Yahoo qtrly GAAP loss per share $0.46  
2016-12-17
Step up security for Indian users: Government to Google, Yahoo, Facebook and ... NEW DELHI: The government information and technology department has asked email service providers Google and Yahoo , and social networking platforms Facebook and Twitter to strengthen their security systems to safeguard Indian users in the wake of the recent incidents of cyber-hacking."Protecting public websites, citizens email accounts and social media handles is also our responsibility at the end of the day, and we have told these social media sites, etc., to put adequate security measures in place," Aruna Sundararajan , secretary in the ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY), told ET.Email service provider Yahoo recently revealed that hackers had compromised as many as 1 billion user accounts worldwide in the course of the last few years due to its own security flaw."The incidents disclosed on December 14, 2016, had a global impact. We are not offering specificity with regard to the impact on particular countries or regions," a Yahoo Inc spokesperson said in a statement to ET.Twitter declined to comment while Google and Facebook did not respond to ET's queries on the matter.Even as the government embarks on the ambitious 'Digital India' programme encompassing a host of online and mobile services, including mBanking and electronic delivery of public services, cyber security remains an area of concern, say analysts.MeitY is currently probing the hacking of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi 's Twitter account by the Legion group, and after the initial response from US-based micro-blogging company Twitter, it has sought "additional" details from Gandhi."We are in a constant dialogue with the company. Twitter has also sought more details to probe the matter further," the top IT official said.Twitter, however, said the breach did not occur from its side.The Legion group, which also hacked into the Twitter accounts of the Indian National Congress, liquor baron Vijay Mallya, journalists Barkha Dutt and Ravish Kumar, as well as news channel NDTV, claims to have dumped email addresses and passwords of nearly 75,000 chartered accountants in the country.Legion earlier threatened to hack the Indian Parliament website sansad.nic.in, and over an encrypted text chat with the Times of India newspaper on Wednesday, indirectly attacked Delhi Police, saying policemen should spend their time thinking of "better passwords" for their servers rather than chasing them.The government itself is a big IT user, with various websites of ministries, departments and public-sector firms, including people-facing web interfaces for various government-to-citizen services that host critical data."We need to secure top sites, vulnerable data and public interfaces. We are hardening security for these sites, putting additional layers, and have already conducted detailed system-wide audits covering devices, networks, mobile applications and end usage as far as government systems are concerned," Sundararajan said.MeitY has also asked the National Informatics Center (NIC), which offers email services to government employees, to ensure foolproof security of its systems and servers.On the back of a surge in digital payments after the government announced its demonetisation move on November 8, the department has also issued about seven advisories to banks and financial institutions, including the Reserve Bank of India, and has strengthened cyber reporting system."We don't want to take any chance and have started special audits and cyber security drills in banks," the official said.MeitY, which is now working almost 14 to 16 hours a day, has asked public-sector organisations and departments across central and state governments to employ chief information security officers (CISO) in a view to separate IT functions from that of security capabilities. 
2016-03-29
Yahoo Investors Should Soon See a Payoff  Why Verizon Buying Yahoo Makes More Sense Than A Time Warner Play For Hulu It s mind-boggling to see how companies make flawed strategic moves when faced with the onslaught and uncertainty of digital transformations. There are infamous cases, like when Kodak missed the boat on the photo industry s move from analog to digital, and Blockbuster s failure to catch the Internet video distribution trend. And examples abound beyond these well-known cases. Why do smart executives fail to develop effective strategies to compete in a digital world?

After years of studying digital transformations across industries, there is one reason that stands out in my mind: Many executives, pressured to continue producing at high margins, find it feasible to do so only under the assumption that the digital transformation will not happen or will come much later, despite obvious signals. It all starts with formulating questions that conveniently lead to easy and predictable answers, like:  Will digital distribution replace physical distribution?  Executives will spend endless hours debating with those who argue  No!  or  Not in the near future   Instead, the right question is:  To what extent will digital distribution replace physical distribution?  This open question recognizes the uncertainty about how digital technologies will affect the industry s competitive landscape, and forces executives to consider scenarios where the impact could be significant.

Let s look at some potential strategic moves in digital video distribution to make the point: Verizon s interest in Yahoo, and Time Warner s interest in Hulu.

Verizon-Yahoo

The news that Verizon is preparing a bid for Yahoo is reminiscent of the news about the company s $4.4 billion acquisition of AOL last year. AOL's CEO Tim Armstrong was quoted last year when the deal with Verizon closed as saying  there's what we call the 40-40 opportunity, which is $40 billion going to mobile and $40 billion going to video." Verizon is clearly making a bet that the future of video distribution is digital and mobile, and making investments accordingly. Its interest in Yahoo could further position the company to dominate in a market in which content is steadily shifting toward mobile devices.

According to an article in Bloomberg  Verizon is looking to make its go90 streaming video service a source of new sales and profit. Yahoo, with more than 1 billion people using its e-mail, finance, sports and video sites, represents a prized asset to combine with AOL s 2 million users and Verizon s more than 112 million wireless subscribers. That kind of Web traffic, along with exclusive content, is just what Verizon needs to secure a foothold in video advertising against YouTube and Facebook serving a mobile phone-addicted generation. 

Time Warner-Hulu

Time Warner is a major media conglomerate that owns Warner Bros. and HBO. It is reportedly interested in an ownership stake in streaming service Hulu, owned by Fox, Disney, and Comcast s NBCUniversal. As Netflix focuses on original programming and less on licensing content, a potential Time Warner stake in Hulu could position Hulu very well to become the industry s defacto aggregator of top TV and movie content, since four major media conglomerates would have a stake in it. However, Time Warner is reportedly asking Hulu to drop its current season TV programming as part of the negotiations.

Time Warner has plenty of content that s part of cable and satellite subscriptions, which is cannibalized by next-day or current season content streamed on Hulu. But at the same time, it seems one of Time Warner s best bets to hedge against cord-cutting and Internet-based consumption of video is to invest in Hulu. The thing is, this move is coming late, so Time Warner will now have to purchase a multi-billion ticket to be part of the Hulu club, and it will appear contradictory if it invests in a streaming platform that cannibalizes its traditional pay-TV revenue streams.

Time Warner made a major move in digital distribution a year ago with the launch of HBO Now, the first over-the-top, direct-to-consumer streaming service by a top content owner that did not require a cable or satellite subscription. It was a great move, albeit some could argue it also came a bit late, years after digital distributors like Netflix and Amazon led the disruption, and after Fox, Disney, and NBCUniversal invested in Hulu.

A Flawed or Flawless Digital Strategy?

Time Warner is considering a late investment in Hulu conditioned on less current TV programming. It seems as if it is trying to hedge against all possible outcomes in video distribution, rather than fully committing to a strategic vision. Hulu, in turn, has a unique opportunity to become a top TV and film aggregator and streaming service, and if that vision is clean and clear, it should not sacrifice its inroads into TV programming to accommodate equity investors.

On the other hand, Verizon has a clear strategic vision that bets big on mobile video content, as reflected in its multi-billion dollar investment in AOL and its interest in Yahoo. Verizon seems to be on the right path. With a clear vision and a deliberate plan to position a company in the face of technological transformation, executives can win. Otherwise, they should get ready to join the list of infamous failures.

Dr. Granados is an Information Systems professor at Pepperdine Graziadio Business School. He researches digital trends in travel, media, and entertainment. Follow him on Twitter, Forbes. 
2016-06-01
Can A Buffett Bid Make A Difference For Yahoo Stock? Yahoo's second round of bids has come in much lower than expected.

Warren Buffett is reportedly backing a consortium that is interested in Yahoo's assets.

Can a Buffett bid make a difference for Yahoo?

Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) attempt to sell its core assets has been beset by several challenges, key among them being that early bidders have reportedly lowballed their offers after going through Yahoo's due diligence materials. According to an earlier report by the Wall Street Journal, Yahoo has received bids in the range of $2B-$3B, well below the $4B-$8B range that most analysts were expecting. According to another report by CTFN, the bidders saw information in Yahoo's virtual data room that caused them to reconsider their earlier estimates. Among the issues brought up include lack of comprehensive key information about the business, business projections that were not very compelling and a troubled revenue to EBITDA ratio.

Some Yahoo investors and Wall Street analysts are convinced that those extremely low numbers being put out could be nothing but a farce. CNBC's David Faber has called the report for the lowballed bids ''completely wrong.'' Mr. Faber says that such rumors would be in the interest of a bidder like Verizon which would give it a good chance to game the situation.

At this point, it's still hard to ascertain whether these reports are accurate. Yahoo's core has more than $600M in EBITDA. A valuation in the $2B-$3B for the core business translates to just 3.3X-5X EBITDA, way lower than the 8X EBITDA average for Internet businesses.

A Buffett Bid for Yahoo

While the matter is far from conclusive, it has already set the stage for a very disappointing offer for Yahoo, whose investors might even balk at such a low offer. Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is still leading the camp of Yahoo suitors, and recently received a leg up on its rivals when it hired a former Yahoo banker to help it with the bidding process. Verizon has also added Bank of America to its team which will help it to not only gain intimate knowledge of Yahoo but also offer significant financial support. Most of Yahoo's other investment bankers including Lion Tree, Guggenheim, and Allen & Co. are boutique banks with limited ability to fund a deal of such a magnitude. Verizon is interested in Yahoo ad-tools, especially video ad tools such as BrightRoll, which it will be looking to combine with its AOL assets.

Reports about low bids for Yahoo are certainly disconcerting for its investors. But maybe there is still some hope for its investors. There are reports that Warren Buffett is backing a consortium that is bidding for Yahoo's assets. The consortium includes Quicken Loans Founder Dan Gilbert who is reportedly interested in Yahoo Finance.

Investors are hoping that Buffett's interest in the company might lead to bidding war which might help raise the level of bids. There are several reasons why Buffett might have a strong interest in the matter. Although a Yahoo bid would represent a rare journey into digital media for Buffett since he has traditionally favored investing in major consumer brands, industrial companies, and U.S. insurers, his track record investing in beleaguered media companies bears him out. Buffett invested in debt-laden Media General (NYSE:MEG) in 2012 through a $450M debt relief for a 20% stake in the company. Buffett also bought majority of the company's newspapers and in the process became one of the largest publishers in the U.S. Media General stock jumped 30% immediately after Buffett's investment was announced. The stock has since then climbed more than five-fold.



Source: Media General Stock Price Chart by amigobulls.com

Buffett's interest in Yahoo would be pretty consistent with his pattern of investing in companies that have fallen out of favor, that have a huge user base, and are undervalued. Although Yahoo's userbase is reputed to be contracting, some of its assets such as Tumblr, Yahoo Weather and Yahoo Sports are still recording user growth. A Buffett bid would send signals that he still believes the company still has untapped potential, and would help to improve the bids. So Yahoo's core might still be able to fetch more than the higher end of the $2B-$3B being thrown about. These May Be the Only People Who Want Yahoo to Thrive The world s biggest oil traders take price slumps, trade sanctions and natural disasters in stride. The decline of a vintage Internet company has them quaking.

Yahoo! Inc. s Messenger has for almost 18 years been the default communication tool for the men and women who each day move billions of dollars  worth of crude oil and petroleum products around the planet. From Singapore to Rotterdam, daily deals are pitched, contracts negotiated and global price benchmarks assessed on the chat service, with its deep-purple color scheme punctuated by Yahoo s trademark exclamation point and dead-eyed yellow smiley emoticon.

Now the company s core business, including its chat service, is up for sale and the future of Messenger is uncertain. Yahoo, meanwhile, is forcing new users to an updated platform that compliance officers at some trading houses have declared off limits because the chats can t be recorded and logged internally.

The biggest worry, trading executives say, is that one day Yahoo will suddenly stop supporting the old service and shut it down altogether.

 Socar Trading is concerned with the changes to Yahoo Messenger and needs to ensure that all regulatory and internal controls are addressed,  said Arzu Azimov, chief executive officer of the Geneva-based trading arm of Azerbaijan s national oil company.

Socar has set up a working group to find a solution, he said. While it s identified potential alternatives, the main issue is whether other oil traders will adopt them.

For a Gadfly commentary on Yahoo s sale, click here

No Users

 There is not much sense in providing a product with great compliance functionality if none of the industry are using it,  Azimov said.

In Geneva, the epicenter of Switzerland s $21 billion commodity-trading industry, accounting for about one-third of the world s daily oil transactions, compliance departments are also trying to figure out what to do. None would speak on the record, but executives from firms including Trafigura Group Pte and Mercuria Energy Group Ltd. said they also were searching for a chat platform to replace Yahoo in the event the old service were to disappear.

It s a tall order. For starters, Yahoo Messenger is free and has been the chat tool of choice for nearly all those working in the sector for more than a decade. From traders to refinery managers, pipeline operators and harbor masters, many even have their Yahoo IDs printed on their business cards.

Many Users

 Everybody uses it and you keep your Yahoo wherever you go,  said Olivier Jakob, managing director at consultant Petromatrix GmbH, in Zug, Switzerland. A former oil-products trader at Cargill Inc., he said he s had his Yahoo ID for  many, many years. 

While there are no official market share figures, oil traders say Yahoo Messenger is by far the dominant platform and has been since the 2000s.

 There was no way you were not on Yahoo if you were trading oil,  said Jakob, who also previously worked at Litasco, the trading arm of Russia s Lukoil PJSC.

Even now, with dozens of instant-messaging apps available, from Facebook to Snapchat to WhatsApp, oil traders are still using Yahoo to bid for crude cargoes, gossip about colleagues changing jobs or to make lunch plans.

 It s great to hear positive feedback around Yahoo s legacy messenger product,  Yahoo spokeswoman Ana Braskamp said in an e-mail in response to questions about the trading industry s reliance on Yahoo Messenger and concerns about its future.

Bloomberg LP, the parent of Bloomberg News, includes an instant-messaging service in the Bloomberg Professional Service that competes with Yahoo Messenger.

Commodity traders have long been criticized by organizations such as Switzerland s Berne Declaration for being opaque and largely unregulated. In recent years, however, some houses have taken steps to be more open and to improve governance and compliance standards. One innovation: monitoring and recording communications by traders in much the same way bank employees are overseen.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

While Yahoo s   legacy   Messenger service is recordable for compliance purposes, its new platform, launched in December, isn t. Under pressure from shareholders, Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo is conducting a sale process for its core assets including Messenger. Still, the Internet company, headed by Marissa Mayer, is making it clear that it wants everyone, including oil traders, to move to the new platform.

Messenger Transition

 We encourage all of our users to complete their transition to the new Yahoo Messenger as soon as possible. We intend to continue our focused efforts on the new Messenger,  Yahoo s Braskamp said.

The situation could create opportunities for rival services or for someone to create a new platform specific to the oil trading sector.

 The things that Yahoo chat offers are so important to traders,  said Craig Pirrong, a finance professor at the University of Houston.  The technology is not that difficult to deal with, it is just a matter of coordinating the transition. 

A senior executive at Gunvor Group Ltd., one of the world s largest independent oil traders, said the company isn t particularly worried about the potential demise of Yahoo Messenger. The market will find a solution, he said -- adding that if not, traders will just have to pick up the telephone. 
2016-08-29
Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s Kannaway, LLC to Add New Rev!ve(TM) Pro-X to Line of ... SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - August 29, 2016) - Medical Marijuana, Inc. (MJNA) announced today that its portfolio company Kannaway, LLC, the first hemp lifestyle network marketing company to offer cannabidiol (CBD) hemp botanical products, is adding a zero-THC version of its popular Rev!ve  formula, Rev!ve  Pro-X, to its line of lifestyle products. The Company introduced Rev!ve  Pro-X for the first time on Sat., Aug. 27, at a Kannaway Red Carpet Event in Phoenix, Ariz., where hundreds of interested hemp enthusiasts were in attendance to meet Kannaway corporate and field leaders and learn about the business and new products.

Rev!ve  Pro-X, an extra-strength version of Kannaway's popular Rev!ve  formula, invigorates the system while promoting overall homeostasis without exposure to tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive compound in cannabis. An excellent daily source of CBD, essential vitamins, minerals, fatty acids, fiber and protein, terpenes, flavonoids and other trace cannabinoids, each bottle of Rev!ve  Pro-X contains 1,000 mg of CBD from pure, filtered and decarboxylated hemp oil combined with medium-chain triglyceride oil derived from wholesome coconut oil and sustainably sourced palm oil.

"We're excited to provide our Kannaway Nation marketing representatives and Brand Ambassadors with this new Rev!ve  Pro-X product to add to their exclusive portfolio of naturally high-CBD hemp oil products for consumers around the world only available through Kannaway," said Kannaway, LLC CEO Blake Schroeder. "Since the product is THC-free, it can be used by competitive athletes for their training regimen, first responders like EMTs, firefighters and police officers that experience physical exertion as part of their daily jobs, plus active military and veterans."

See the video here of Kannaway CEO Blake Schroeder and Vice President of Operations Brad Tayles speaking about the benefits of Rev!ve  Pro-X and why, "everyone needs 50 mgs of CBD everyday" to feed The Endocannabinoid System, which scientists believe serves as a regulator of homeostasis in the human body.

Made with zero-THC, high-CBD hemp oil, Rev!ve  Pro-X meets the tight THC testing restrictions set forth by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) for competitive athletes and is the CBD product of choice for anyone subject to a drug test or just looking to avoid even trace amounts of THC in the CBD supplement.

Kannaway brand ambassadors offer the world's first distribution opportunity of CBD hemp oil lifestyle products including:

Rev!ve  nutritional supplement featuring 50mg per tube of all-natural, non-GMO, plant-sourced CBD hemp oil in convenient 10-packs.

Rev!ve  Pro-X extra-strength nutritional supplement featuring 1,000mg per tube of all-natural, non-GMO, plant-sourced CBD hemp oil.

KannaKick  functional food energy chews with 5mg of CBD hemp oil and 100mg of caffeine (slightly more than a cup of coffee) per piece in sour apple, "icy," chocolate, citrus, and cinnamon flavors.

Cannabis Beauty DEFINED  luxury anti-aging cleanser, exfoliant, moisturizer, day & night serum, toner, salve, soak, and capsules. The DEFINED  capsules provide 8mg of CBD-rich hemp oil per capsule.

HempV P  the lifestyle vaporizer pen that offers interchangeable strawberry and honeydew flavored CBD-rich hemp oil cartridges.

For more information on Kannaway, click here to visit the Company website.

About Kannaway, LLC

Kannaway, LLC, is a network sales and marketing company specializing in the sales and marketing of hemp-based botanical products. Kannaway currently hosts weekly online sales meetings and conferences across the United States, offering unique insight and opportunity to sales professionals who are desirous of becoming successful leaders in the sale and marketing of hemp-based botanical products.

About Medical Marijuana, Inc.

Our mission is to be the premier hemp industry innovators, leveraging our team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. We strive to create awareness within our industry, develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses, while increasing shareholder value. For more information, please visit the company's website at: www.MedicalMarijuanaInc.com.

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA) DISCLOSURE These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease.

FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Medical Marijuana, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein.

LEGAL DISCLOSURE

Medical Marijuana, Inc. does not sell or distribute any products that are in violation of the United States Controlled Substances Act (US.CSA). The Company does grow, sell and distribute hemp-based products and are involved with the federally legal distribution of hemp-based products within certain international markets. Cannabidiol is a natural constituent of hemp oil.

The following files are available for download: SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Class Action Lawsuit Filed Against The GEO Group, Inc. - GEO RADNOR, PA / ACCESSWIRE / August 29, 2016 / The law firm of Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP alerts The GEO Group, Inc. (GEO) ("GEO" or the "Company") shareholders that a class action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of purchasers of the Company's securities between March 1, 2012 and August 17, 2016, inclusive (the "Class Period").

Shareholders who wish to discuss this action and their legal options are encouraged to contact Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP (Darren J. Check, Esq., D. Seamus Kaskela, Esq. or Adrienne O. Bell, Esq.) at (888) 299-7706 or at info@ktmc.com.

GEO shareholders who purchased securities during the Class Period may seek to be designated by the Court as a lead plaintiff representative of the class. For additional information please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/geo-group#join.

GEO provides government-outsourced services, including the management of correctional and detention facilities in the United States and internationally.

The complaint alleges that GEO and certain of its executive officers made a series of false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose to investors during the Class Period that: (i) GEO's facilities lacked adequate safety and security standards and were less efficient at offering correctional services than the Federal Bureau of Prisons' ("BOP") facilities; (ii) GEO's rehabilitative services for inmates were less effective than those provided by BOP; (iii) consequently, the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") was unlikely to renew and/or extend its contracts with GEO; and (iv) as a result of the foregoing, GEO's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

As detailed in the complaint, on August 18, 2016, Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates announced the DOJ's decision to end its use of private prisons, including those operated by GEO, after officials concluded that GEO's facilities are both less safe and less effective at providing correctional services than those run by the federal government.

Following this news, shares of the Company's stock declined $12.78 per share, or nearly 40 percent, to close on August 18, 2016 at $19.51 per share, on unusually heavy trading volume.

GEO shareholders may, no later than October 24, 2016, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class through Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check or other counsel, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. A lead plaintiff is a representative party who acts on behalf of all class members in directing the litigation. In order to be appointed as a lead plaintiff, the Court must determine that the class member's claim is typical of the claims of other class members, and that the class member will adequately represent the class in the action. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision of whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff. For additional information please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/geo-group#join.

Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check prosecutes class actions in state and federal courts throughout the country. Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check is a driving force behind corporate governance reform, and has recovered billions of dollars on behalf of institutional and individual investors from the United States and around the world. The firm represents investors, consumers and whistleblowers (private citizens who report fraudulent practices against the government and share in the recovery of government dollars). The complaint in this action was not filed by Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check. For more information about Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, or for additional information about participating in this action, please visit www.ktmc.com.

CONTACT:

Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP

Darren J. Check, Esq.

D. Seamus Kaskela, Esq.

Adrienne O. Bell, Esq.

280 King of Prussia Road

Radnor, PA 19087

(888) 299-7706

(610) 667-7706

info@ktmc.com

SOURCE: Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP Ritchie Bros. and Caterpillar Inc. Announce Strategic Alliance Ritchie Bros . to Become Preferred Provider to Caterpillar and Participating Dealers for Caterpillar Equipment Upon Closing of Ritchie Bros .' Acquisition of IronPlanet

Strategic Relationship to Accelerate Caterpillar's IoT Connectivity Offerings for Used Equipment Owners





VANCOUVER and PEORIA, IL , Aug. 29, 2016 /CNW/ - Ritchie Bros ., the world's largest industrial auctioneer and a leading equipment distributor (NYSE & TSX: RBA), and Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) today announced that they have entered into a strategic alliance agreement. The strategic alliance is expected to deliver significant benefits to both companies, Caterpillar's independent dealers and their respective customers, continuing an accelerated delivery of Caterpillar's Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity offerings to improve customer fleet utilization.

Under the terms of the agreement, Ritchie Bros . will become Caterpillar's preferred global partner for live onsite and online auctions with respect to used Caterpillar equipment, and will complement Caterpillar's existing dealer channels. Ritchie Bros . will provide Caterpillar and its dealers with access to proprietary auction platforms, software and other value-added services, thereby enhancing the exchange of information and services between customers, dealers and suppliers. The strategic alliance is also expected to strengthen Ritchie Bros .' relationship with Caterpillar's independent dealers around the world by providing them enhanced and continued access to a global auction marketplace to sell their used equipment.

Ritchie Bros . also announced today that it has reached an agreement to acquire IronPlanet , a leading online marketplace for used heavy equipment and other durable asset sales, of which Caterpillar and its dealers own a minority position. The combined company, with its trusted brands, will deliver a multi-channel marketplace that will provide a full range of equipment asset management and disposition solutions. The new strategic alliance between Ritchie Bros . and Caterpillar replaces and expands on existing agreements in place between Caterpillar, its dealers and IronPlanet. The new strategic alliance will become effective when Ritchie Bros . completes its acquisition of IronPlanet, which is subject to regulatory clearances and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.

" Ritchie Bros . is proud to enter into this historic alliance, which will strengthen our relationship with Caterpillar, its dealers and end users, as well as help expand our global reach and footprint," said Ravi Saligram , Chief Executive Officer of Ritchie Bros . "Our marketing capabilities, unrivaled suite of technology and powerful multi-channel transactional platforms will add tremendous value and make us a trusted strategic partner to the Caterpillar family."

"A key element of our digital strategy is connecting more products in our customers' fleets, allowing us to help improve their productivity, increase safety and drive sustainability. This alliance will ensure that more used equipment buyers have access to our best-in-class products, digital offerings and world class customer support through the Cat dealer network," said Rob Charter , group president with responsibility for Caterpillar's Customer and Dealer Support. " Ritchie Bros . and Caterpillar are beginning an exciting new chapter in our relationship to better serve our global customers."

The strategic alliance between Ritchie Bros . and Caterpillar will have an initial five-year term. After completing the acquisition of IronPlanet, Ritchie Bros . will operate live onsite auctions at participating Caterpillar dealers' locations under the Cat Auction Services brand and also encompass Ritchie Bros .' other onsite and online brands.

About Ritchie Bros .:

Established in 1958, Ritchie Bros . (NYSE and TSX: RBA) is the world's largest industrial auctioneer, and one of the world's largest sellers of used equipment for the construction, transportation, agriculture, energy, mining, forestry and other industries. Ritchie Bros .TM asset management and disposition solutions include live unreserved public auctions with on-site and online bidding; EquipmentOneTM, an online auction marketplace; Mascus, a global online equipment listing service; private negotiated sales through Ritchie Bros . Private Treaty; and a range of ancillary services, including financing and leasing through Ritchie Bros . Financial Services. Ritchie Bros . has operations in 19 countries, including 45 auction sites worldwide. Learn more at rbauction.com, EquipmentOne.com, mascus.com, rbauction.com/privatetreaty and rbauction.com/financing.

Read More 
2016-02-11
Yahoo! Inc.: Is Yahoo Stock (YHOO) Worth the Risk? Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) has had a rough ride over the past year as the company s core Internet business failed to protect its market share and bigger, better tech firms took over.

The company appears to be planning a reverse spinoff, in which Yahoo s Internet business (including its search and mail service) will be sold to the highest bidder.

While this presents an interesting opportunity for investors, the question remains as to whether or not there will be any bidders at all.

A Spinoff Could Drive YHOO Stock Holder Value

Yahoo stock lost a considerable amount of value throughout 2015, and the Yahoo stock price has fallen another 18% so far this year.

The fact that the once-great Internet company s stock is trading below $30 has given some investors reason to believe that now is the time to buy to take full advantage of a spinoff later in the year.

While there is an opportunity there, you have to really believe that a breakup is happening and that all of the pieces are going to fall into place when it does.

In theory, YHOO stock is a great buy because when the company eventually spins off its Internet and Yahoo Japan businesses, shareholders will reap the rewards.

That would effectively make Yahoo a holding company with a sizable stake in Alibaba ( BABA ). It remains unclear, however, how YHOO will divide, what the tax implications would be and whether or not anyone is actually interested in buying what Yahoo is selling at a decent price.

How Much Is Yahoo Really Worth?

While Verizon ( VZ ) has expressed some interest in buying Yahoo s Internet business, the telecom giant hasn t given any indication of what it would pay.

Analysts say Yahoo s core business is worth between $2 and $4 billion   only four to five times EBITDA. Many wonder whether or not Yahoo would be willing to sell for such a low offer, and there s no guarantee that anyone will be chomping at the bit to pay that price either.

Then there s the company s Yahoo Japan stake, which would probably go up for sale alongside the Internet business. Back in April 2015, that stake was valued at nearly $9 billion when the company announced that it was considering a sale.

Interest in Yahoo Japan has been muted, however, with no buyers coming forward over the past ten months since the announcement was made.

But even if there are buyers out there who are willing to pay top dollar, there are several other concerns that make YHOO a risky play.

Next Page Analysts Weigh in on Tech Giants Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Nokia Corporation (ADR ... Analysts from Oppenheimer and BMO weighed in on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Nokia Corporation (ADR) (NYSE:NOK) regarding earnings from both companies. While one remains bullish on Yahoo, albeit expressing caution on timing of new initiatives, the other analyst remains bullish on Nokia due to increased synergy from an acquisition.

Yahoo! Inc.

Analyst Jason Helfstein of Oppenheimer weighed in on Yahoo following its earnings release last week. While the company has suffered from legacy and search declines, management provided hopeful commentary about its plans to optimize its functions going forward. The analyst cites management plans to  1) [deploy] higher margin ad-tech solutions to monetize web content, 2) [build] out mobile platforms,  and plans regarding  cost restructuring to exit certain business units.  According to Helfstein,  the company s consistent efforts on Native, Video and Programmatic ad products are Yahoo s attempt to offset desktop headwinds,  though he believes the process could take 9-12 months to complete.

Due to these efforts, Yahoo provided guidance that fell below estimates, partly due to  non-core exits and TIPLA termination.  As a result of this weaker guidance and marked challenges, the analyst is lowering his own estimates for revenue and EBITA, which also reflects the Q4 decline in Maven (mobile, video, native, and social) revenue.

On February 9, 2016, the analyst reiterated an Outperform rating on the company but lowered his price target to $40 from $49. Jason Helfstein has a 42% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 2.1% per recommendation.

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of the 23 analysts who have rated the company in the last 3 months, 12 gave a Buy rating, 1 gave a Sell rating, and 10 remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $37.50, marking a 38% upside from current levels.

Nokia Corporation (ADR)

Analyst Tim Long of BMO Capital weighed in on Nokia prior to its 4Q15 earnings, released earlier this morning. The analyst states that the market  overreacted  following Nokia s announcement regarding the Samsung arbitration. The announcement settled the amount Samsung would have to pay Nokia for a 5 year extension to use Nokia patents, which resulted in a run rate of E800 million for its annualized technologies division. However, many believed this number was too low and would negatively impact earnings.

On February 10, 2016, the analyst reiterated an Outperform rating and $10 price target on the stock. He explains,  We believe Nokia will Outperform expectations over the next several years and expect management to find additional synergies and margin improvement opportunities following the recently closed ALU acquisition. 

Tim Long has a 34% success rate recommending stocks with an average loss of (0.2%) per recommendation. Out of the 6 analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months on TipRanks, 4 gave a Buy rating while 2 remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $9.47, marking a 63% upside from where shares last closed. Yahoo Sports Collaborates With PGA TOUR to Deliver Free Live Coverage & On ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and PGA TOUR today announced a strategic relationship to deliver free, live, and on-demand video content from the PGA TOUR to fans around the world, no cable subscription or authentication required. Teeing off today with the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am, now on Yahoo, viewers around the world can stream Featured Holes coverage from PGA TOUR LIVE during the early rounds of tournaments such as THE PLAYERS Championship and the FedEx Cup Playoffs. PGA TOUR LIVE is the PGA TOUR s new streaming video service, which offers premium and free live video from 30+ events each year, of which, Yahoo will be streaming Featured Holes coverage.

Yahoo will also offer global access to video on demand (VOD) PGA TOUR content, including access to highlights and original content from tournaments, such as the PGA TOUR, PGA TOUR Champions, Web.com Tour, PGA TOUR Latinoam rica, and Mackenzie Tour-PGA TOUR Canada. The companies have also launched a live, co-branded PGA TOUR leaderboard, which includes live play-by-play, shot-by-shot graphics, live audio, and VOD. The co-branded TOUR leaderboard can be found at http://www.pgatour.com/yahoo/leaderboard.html.

 Our global collaboration with Yahoo continues to expand,  said Rick Anderson, EVP of Global Media at PGA TOUR.  Yahoo continues to be one of the largest sports audiences in the world, and we look forward to distributing PGA TOUR LIVE Featured Holes coverage via Yahoo Golf platforms around the world. 

 We re excited to expand our sports offering through our partnership with the PGA TOUR and to bring fans closer to the live action of tournaments, like THE PLAYERS Championship and FedEx Cup Playoffs,  said Phil Lynch, VP, Media Partnerships at Yahoo.  Bringing PGA TOUR's premium content to Yahoo makes a great addition to our lineup and further demonstrates our commitment to delivering the best digital sports content to our users and advertisers. 

Sports is a critical category in Yahoo s growth strategy, and partnerships with organizations such as the PGA TOUR, MLB and NBC Sports are further indication of that investment. Yahoo s recent partnership with the NFL allowed for more than 15 million viewers to watch the first-ever global live stream of a regular season NFL game, for free.

About PGA TOUR

The PGA TOUR is the world s premier membership organization for touring professional golfers, co-sanctioning more than 130 tournaments on the PGA TOUR, PGA TOUR Champions, Web.com Tour, PGA TOUR Latinoam rica, Mackenzie Tour-PGA TOUR Canada and PGA TOUR China. The PGA TOUR s mission is to entertain and inspire its fans, deliver substantial value to its partners, create outlets for volunteers to give back, generate significant charitable and economic impact in the communities in which it plays, and provide financial opportunities for TOUR players. Worldwide, PGA TOUR tournaments are broadcast to more than 1 billion households in 226 countries and territories in 32 languages. Virtually all tournaments are organized as nonprofit organizations in order to maximize charitable giving. In 2014, tournaments across all Tours generated a record $140.5 million for local and national charitable organizations, after surpassing $2 billion in all-time charitable contributions early in the year. The PGA TOUR's web site is PGATOUR.COM, the No. 1 site in golf, and the organization is headquartered in Ponte Vedra Beach, FL.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). 
2016-08-08
Introducing Yahoo View, a TV Watching Experience Featuring Hulu SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is excited to announce the launch of Yahoo View, a new TV-watching site where you can watch episodes of your favorite TV shows and go beyond the episode with clips, recaps and the best of Tumblr fandom. Yahoo View is the extension of Yahoo s long-standing distribution partnership with Hulu and will offer thousands of TV, anime, Korean drama and movies including full episodes, films, and clips for free. This further emphasizes Yahoo s commitment to create an experience for people to consume content they care about while being able to connect with a community of like-minded fans.

Featuring content from Hulu, this Fall, Yahoo View will be the best place to watch the last five episodes of ABC, NBC, FOX (8 days after original broadcast) and other network sitcoms, day-after clips, and full seasons of anime and Korean drama. Viewers can also go beyond the episode in a community-watching experience and browse photos and GIFs from the passionate Tumblr fandom. The new site features a  beyond the episode  section that can visually block the enhanced content that might reveal spoilers about the current video playing, and picture-in-picture so viewers can continue to watch while browsing to other content without leaving the screen.

 As a TV junkie and Tumblr fan myself, I m personally excited to have one place that brings together the best of free TV and Tumblr fandom,  said Jess Lee, Vice President of Lifestyles Product at Yahoo.  Yahoo View is our first step towards creating a powerful community TV-watching experience, but it s really only the beginning. 

 Video is an important part of Yahoo s strategy and we re committed to delivering the best digital video content to our users. To date, we ve streamed amazing experiences across sports, finance, and news,  said Phil Lynch, Vice President and Head of Media Partnerships.  This partnership with Hulu is a natural extension of that strategy, bringing the best of TV & entertainment content to our lifestyle vertical. 

View.yahoo.com is immediately available in the U.S. today. Mobile web and mobile apps will be coming soon.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com). Oil traders prepare fond farewells to Yahoo Messenger as it shuts down this month SINGAPORE   Oil traders on Friday were lamenting the imminent demise of their main communication tool, Yahoo Messenger, which has been an industry standard since the late 1990s.

Yahoo Inc said last week it would begin shutting down older versions of Yahoo Messenger on Aug. 5 and will stop working on Aug 31.

Because Yahoo was free, it democratized access across market participants, as a trader only needed a computer and internet connection. The new version does not meet the industry s standards for compliance, which is why traders have to move elsewhere.

Traders and analysts have been preparing for the inevitable transition this week, putting their new ICE, AOL and Skype usernames in their Yahoo messages to avoid losing contacts.

Related

 You have no idea how much I ll miss Yahoo Messenger,  said a senior oil trader in Singapore who has been in the business for 20 years.

 I built up hundreds of contacts on it over more than a decade. I have Yahoo friends I have never met, but with whom I spent many hours bantering and joking. It also made me a lot of money. Now that it s gone, I could cry. 

With Messenger s end, the highly-opaque oil industry may become even more so, given the challenge of the fragmented communication market.

Some said it could force players back to the telephone.

 I think any cross-broking from one messenger platform may mean people use the old friend   the phone,  said Matt Stanley, a fuel oil broker at Freight Investor Services in Dubai.

You have no idea how much I ll miss Yahoo Messenger

Yahoo, which in July announced the sale of its core business unit to Verizon Communications Inc, took the oil industry by storm in the late 1990s.

Its free instant messaging technology revolutionized the industry, helping usher in a new era of high-speed communication that changed the way millions of barrels of oil traded daily.

But the online, follow-up version to Yahoo s standalone messaging software cannot be used by the industry. It fails to meet compliance standards because conversations cannot be saved locally.

 It s kind of a pain registering and getting started again,  said Tariq Zahir at Tyche Capital Advisors.  It works fine, but traders are creatures of habit. You get used to it. 

As a result, oil traders, brokers, analysts and also reporters covering the oil industry have been scrambling for alternatives.

They include ICE s Instant Messaging; Symphony, in which 18 of the world s biggest financial institutions hold stakes; Bloomberg Messenger; Thomson Reuters  Eikon Messenger; AOL s AIM and Facebook s WhatsApp.

  Thomson Reuters 2016 Yahoo updates on undistributed foreign earnings  Yahoo Inc introduces Yahoo view, a tv watching experience featuring Hulu  
2016-12-21
What could happen to Yahoo if Verizon backs away from its $4.8-billion deal As rumors swirl about Verizon's plans for acquiring Yahoo, business analysts say the former search giant could see choppier waters ahead if Verizon backs out of the deal, as some observers have suggested it should.

Yahoo Inc., the troubled Internet company that once dominated the online search market, last week disclosed a massive data breach that occurred in 2013 and affected up to a billion users. The admission came just weeks after another announcement that hackers had put half a million Yahoo accounts at risk sometime in 2014. Together, they rank as the two biggest known hacks in corporate history.

Verizon Communications Inc. expressed significant concerns in October over the smaller breach, signaling that the breach could jeopardize its $4.8-billion bid for Yahoo s core business. Executives at the telecom behemoth said they were leaning toward concluding that the hack had adversely affected the core business, making it a less attractive purchase.

The initial hack could have been written off as a one-time event, analysts say, but the bigger breach will be impossible to ignore. For Verizon, the stakes have risen. Although it has not raised fresh warning flags over the new disclosure, the telecom firm must balance Yahoo's initial estimated value against the possibility of discovering even more hacks down the road.

"It's like buying a ticking time bomb,"said Jeff Kagan, an independent industry analyst. "You never know when it's going to blow again, and could keep blowing up time after time."

Security experts have criticized the Sunnyvale, Calif., Internet company s use of outdated security technologies to defend user data, and the company's top security official resigned in protest in 2015 when he was cut out of a major decision to allow the federal government to scan user emails.

The renewed concerns over Yahoo have caused Verizon to think seriously about abandoning the deal or asking for a discount, Bloomberg News reported Friday. Some analysts have suggested that Verizon may seek as much as a $200-million price cut.

Backing out of the deal, Kagan said, probably would cause Yahoo's value to decline. But Verizon is more likely to seek a discount than to walk away, according to a mergers and acquisitions lawyer familiar with the transaction who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss matters of corporate strategy.

A discount could help offset the potential legal, regulatory or reputational risks that Verizon may assume by going through with the deal, according to analysts. By just how much is unclear. "As we've said all along, we will evaluate the situation as Yahoo continues its investigation," Verizon said in a statement last week. The company declined to comment for this story.

Yahoo executives say the core business remains strong. Chief Executive Marissa Mayer told investors on a recent earnings call that the company had "launched several new products and showed solid financial performance across the board." Yahoo said Tuesday in a statement that it is confident in its value and that "we continue to work towards integration with Verizon."

But should that effort collapse, the consequences for Yahoo could be dire, according to analysts who say the company has been losing staff at an alarming rate.

"Yahoo has no Plan B," said Laura Martin, an industry analyst at Needham & Co. "People have been leaving in droves," creating gaps in talent that could be difficult to fill if Verizon backed out of the transaction. The result, she said, may be a less healthy organization at a time when it most needs to show that it is fully functional.

Fung writes for the Washington Post. Yahoo Premium Subscriber Sues Over Massive Data Breaches Yahoo Premium Subscriber Sues Over Massive Data Breaches

Law360, New York (December 21, 2016, 2:28 PM EST) -- A longtime premium Yahoo Mail subscriber hit Yahoo Inc. with a proposed class action in California federal court Tuesday over two massive data breaches announced recently, including one revealed last week to have affected 1 billion users  personal information, saying the company failed to properly protect sensitive data.



Baylor University physics professor Dr. Gerald Cleaver, who paid for a Yahoo Mail Plus subscription for more than a decade, says the company hasn t maintained appropriate safeguards to protect the large amounts of sensitive data it requires from...

To view the full article, register now. Yahoo email scan shows US spy push to recast constitutional privacy Yahoo Inc's secret scanning of customer emails at the behest of a U.S. spy agency is part of a growing push by officials to loosen constitutional protections Americans have against arbitrary governmental searches, according to legal documents and people briefed on closed court hearings.

The order on Yahoo from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) last year resulted from the government's drive to change decades of interpretation of the U.S. Constitution's Fourth Amendment right of people to be secure against "unreasonable searches and seizures," intelligence officials and others familiar with the strategy told Reuters.

The unifying idea, they said, is to move the focus of U.S. courts away from what makes something a distinct search and toward what is "reasonable" overall.

The basis of the argument for change is that people are making much more digital data available about themselves to businesses, and that data can contain clues that would lead to authorities disrupting attacks in the United States or on U.S. interests abroad.

While it might technically count as a search if an automated program trawls through all the data, the thinking goes, there is no unreasonable harm unless a human being looks at the result of that search and orders more intrusive measures or an arrest, which even then could be reasonable.

Civil liberties groups and some other legal experts said the attempt to expand the ability of law enforcement agencies and intelligence services to sift through vast amounts of online data, in some cases without a court order, was in conflict with the Fourth Amendment because many innocent messages are included in the initial sweep.

"A lot of it is unrecognizable from a Fourth Amendment perspective," said Orin Kerr, a former federal prosecutor and George Washington University Law School expert on surveillance. "It's not where the traditional Fourth Amendment law is."

But the general counsel of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), Robert Litt, said in an interview with Reuters on Tuesday that the legal interpretation needed to be adjusted because of technological changes.

"Computerized scanning of communications in the same way that your email service provider scans looking for viruses - that should not be considered a search requiring a warrant for Fourth Amendment purposes," said Litt. He said he is leaving his post on Dec. 31 as the end of President Barack Obama's administration nears.

DIGITAL SIGNATURE

Reuters was unable to determine what data, if any, was handed over by Yahoo after its live email search. The search was first reported by Reuters on Oct. 4. [nL2N1CA1OW] Yahoo and the National Security Agency (NSA) declined to explain the basis for the order.

The surveillance court, whose members are appointed by U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, oversees and approves the domestic pursuit of intelligence about foreign powers. While details of the Yahoo search are classified, people familiar with the matter have told Reuters it was aimed at isolating a digital signature for a single person or small team working for a foreign government frequently at odds with America.

The ODNI is expected to disclose as soon as next month an estimated number of Americans whose electronic communications have been caught up in online surveillance programs intended for foreigners, U.S. lawmakers said. [nL1N1EB1SU]

The ODNI's expected disclosure is unlikely to cover such orders as the one to Yahoo but would encompass those under a different surveillance authority called section 702. That section allows the operation of two internet search programs, Prism and "upstream" collection, that were revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden more than three years ago. Prism gathers the messaging data of targets from Alphabet Inc's Google (GOOGL.O), Facebook (FB.O), Microsoft (MSFT.O), Apple (AAPL.O) among others.

Upstream surveillance allows the NSA to copy web traffic to search data for certain terms called "selectors," such as email addresses, that are contained in the body of messages. ODNI's Litt said ordinary words are not used as selectors.

The Fourth Amendment applies to the search and seizure of electronic devices as much as ordinary papers. Wiretaps and other surveillance in the internet age are now subject to litigation across the United States. But in the FISC, with rare exceptions, the judges hear only from the executive branch.

Their rulings have been appealed only three times, each time going to a review board. Only the government is permitted to appeal from there, and so far it has never felt the need.

PUBLIC LEGAL CHALLENGES

The FISC s reasoning, though, is heading into public courts. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Dec. 5 cited FISC precedents in rejecting an appeal of an Oregon man who was convicted of plotting to bomb a Christmas tree lighting ceremony after his emails were collected in another investigation.

Groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Frontier Foundation are fighting the expansion of legalized surveillance in Congress and in courts.

On Dec. 8, the ACLU argued in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that a lawsuit by Wikipedia s parent group against the NSA should not have been dismissed by a lower court, which ruled that the nonprofit could not show it had been snooped on and that the government could keep details of the program secret.

The concerns of civil libertarians and others have been heightened by President-elect Donald Trump's nomination of conservative Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas to be director of the CIA. Pompeo, writing in the Wall Street Journal in January, advocated expanding bulk collection of telephone calling records in pursuit of Islamic State and its sympathizers who could plan attacks on Americans. Pompeo said the records could be combined with "publicly available financial and lifestyle information into a comprehensive, searchable database."

Yahoo's search went far beyond what would be required to monitor a single email account. The company agreed to create and then conceal a special program on its email servers that would check all correspondence for a specific string of bits.

Trawling for selectors is known as "about" searching, when content is collected because it is about something of interest rather than because it was sent or received by an established target. It is frequently used by the NSA in its bulk upstream collection of international telecom traffic.

The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, an appointed panel established by Congress as part of its post-9/11 expansion of intelligence authority, reported in 2014 that "about" searches "push the program close to the line of constitutional reasonableness."

A glimpse of the new legal arguments came in a FISC proceeding last year held to review NSA and FBI annual surveillance targets and four sets of procedures for limiting the spread of information about Americans.

Judge Thomas Hogan appointed Amy Jeffress, an attorney at Arnold and Porter and a former national security prosecutor, to weigh in, the first time that court had asked an outside privacy expert for advice before making a decision.

Jeffress argued each search aimed at an American should be tested against the Fourth Amendment, while prosecutors said that only overall searching practice had to be evaluated for "reasonableness." Hogan agreed with the government, ruling that even though the Fourth Amendment was all but waived in the initial data gathering because foreigners were the targets, the voluminous data incidentally gathered on Americans could also be used to investigate drug deals or robberies.

"While they are targeting foreign intelligence information, they are collecting broader information, and there needs to be strong protections for how that information is used apart from national security," Jeffress told Reuters.

ODNI's Litt wrote in a February Yale Law Review article that the new approach was appropriate, in part because so much personal data is willingly shared by consumers with technology companies. Litt advocated for courts to evaluate "reasonableness" by looking at the entirety of the government's activity, including the degree of transparency.

Litt told Reuters that he did not mean, however, that the same techniques in "about" searches should be pushed toward the more targeted searches at email providers such as Yahoo.

Although speaking generally, he said: "My own personal approach to this is you should trade off broader collection authority for stricter use authority," so that more is taken in but less is acted upon.

This position strikes some academics and participants in the process as a remarkable departure from what the highest legal authority in the land was thinking just two years ago.

That was when the Supreme Court's Roberts wrote for a majority in declaring that mobile phones usually could not be searched without warrants.

After prosecutors said they had protocols in place to protect phone privacy, Roberts wrote: "Probably a good idea, but the Founders did not fight a revolution to gain the right to government agency protocols."

With little evidence that the Supreme Court agrees with the surveillance court, it remains possible it would reverse the trend. But a case would first need to make its way up there.

(The story corrects Kerr's law school affiliation in seventh paragraph)

(Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; additional reporting by Dustin Volz, Mark Hosenball and John Walcott in Washington; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Grant McCool) Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IMMY) CEO Mark L Baum Bought $279240 of Shares - By insider





CEO of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IMMY) Mark L Baum bought 156,000 shares of IMMY on 12/19/2016 at an average price of $1.79 a share. The total cost of this purchase was $279,240.

Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc is a pharmaceutical company. It is engaged in developing and commercializing proprietary compounded drug therapies. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc has a market cap of $26.640 million; its shares were traded at around $2.01 with and P/S ratio of 1.28.





CEO Recent Trades:

CEO Mark L Baum bought 156,000 shares of IMMY stock on 12/19/2016 at the average price of $1.79. The price of the stock has increased by 12.29% since.

CFO Recent Trades:

CFO Andrew R. Boll bought 39,000 shares of IMMY stock on 12/19/2016 at the average price of $1.79. The price of the stock has increased by 12.29% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

Director Richard L Md Lindstrom bought 100,000 shares of IMMY stock on 12/19/2016 at the average price of $1.79. The price of the stock has increased by 12.29% since.

For the complete insider trading history of IMMY, click here

.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.





 CorMedix Inc. Announces Dismissal of Securities Class Action Lawsuit and ... BEDMINSTER, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / December 21, 2016 / CorMedix Inc. (NYSE MKT: CRMD), a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory diseases, announced today that, as previously reported, in an order dated October 27, 2016 the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey granted the Company's motion to dismiss with prejudice the plaintiffs' Amended Complaint in the case Li v. CorMedix Inc., et al. (Case 3:15-cv-05264), a putative securities class action filed July 7, 2015, against the Company and certain of its then current and former officers.

On December 16, 2016, the parties filed a stipulation with the Court in which the plaintiffs and their counsel agreed not to appeal, move for reconsideration, or otherwise challenge the October 27, 2016 Order. No settlement payment was made in exchange for the stipulation.

"We are pleased that the District Court agreed with our view of the insufficiency of the plaintiffs' claims," stated Khoso Baluch, Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix. "With the plaintiff's agreement not to appeal the order dismissing the Amended Complaint, we can put this lawsuit firmly behind us."

About CorMedix Inc.

CorMedix Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory disease. The Company is focused on developing its lead product Neutrolin , a novel, non-antibiotic antimicrobial solution designed to prevent costly and dangerous bloodstream infections associated with the use of central venous catheters. Such infections cost the U.S. healthcare system approximately $6 billion annually and contribute significantly to increased morbidity and mortality. Neutrolin is currently in a Phase 3 clinical study in patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis via a central venous catheter. The company is planning to conduct its second Phase 3 study in patients with cancer receiving IV parenteral nutrition, chemotherapy and hydration via a chronic central venous catheter, subject to sufficient resources. If successful, the two pivotal studies may be submitted to the FDA for potential approval for both patient populations. Neutrolin has FDA Fast Track status and is designated as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, contributing to potentially accelerated FDA review and up to 10 years of market exclusivity upon potential U.S. approval. It is already a CE Marked product in Europe and other territories. CorMedix is also seeking to unlock additional value for its taurolidine-based technology by establishing collaborative partnerships in oncology and medical device applications. For more information visit: www.cormedix.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, regarding management's expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or CorMedix's prospects, future financial position, financing plans, future revenues and projected costs should be considered forward-looking. Readers are cautioned that actual results may differ materially from projections or estimates due to a variety of important factors, including: the risk of additional litigation being instituted by others over the matters that were the subject of the dismissed lawsuit or other matters; the cost, timing and results of the ongoing and planned Phase 3 trials for Neutrolin  in the U.S. and the resources needed to commence and complete those trials; obtaining additional financing to support CorMedix's research and development and clinical activities and operations; and the risks and uncertainties associated with CorMedix's ability to manage its limited cash resources. These and other risks are described in greater detail in CorMedix's filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or upon request from CorMedix. CorMedix may not actually achieve the goals or plans described in its forward-looking statements, and investors should not place undue reliance on these statements. CorMedix assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Cannabis Sativa, Inc. Awarded Patent for "Ecuadorian Sativa" Cannabis Plant MESQUITE, NV / ACCESSWIRE / December 21, 2016 / Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (CBDS) announced that on December 20, 2016, the company's subsidiary was awarded Patent PP27,475 for a Cannabis Plant named "Ecuadorian Sativa".

"Equadorian Sativa" has been shown in laboratory testing by Steephill Labs to have a Limonene level that is extraordinarily high at a level of 4.53, 10 to 20 times the usual range. This sets "Equadorian Sativa" apart from other varieties in its odor, the effects on mood and mentation and its medical qualities.

The objective of the breeding, which produced this novel plant strain nicknamed "CTA", was primarily to develop a plant having the following characteristics: (a) medicinal properties that included hypotensive activity; (b) psychoactive properties that motivated and energized, rather than creating lethargy, sleepiness, and (c) increased food consumption.

Anecdotally, there are indications that its use may prevent some cancers and may cause apoptosis of cancer cells in vivo. There is a good possibility that the high levels of limonene may slow down the build-up of plaque in the arteries and reduce the effect of low-density lipo-proteins on the circulatory system. Indications are that "Ecuadorian Sativa" has many medical qualities that make it an important tool to maintain health and deal with illness.

"Our patience is now rewarded with the issuance of Patent PP27,475". "This patent will open up new areas for research and opportunities for CBDS", said CEO Mike Gravel.

This plant was derived from a female said to be of a strain called colloquially, "Celestial Temple Sativa" an individual grown in Ecuador that as a solitary plant reached a height of 23 feet. The male parent is said to have been of a strain known colloquially as "Island Sweet Skunk".

The Company's President David Tobias said, "This is a major accomplishment and is a tribute to the foresight and perseverance of management to solidify Cannabis Sativa's contribution to the maturing Cannabis industry."

Forward-Looking Statements:

This press release contains "forward-looking statements." Although the forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risk factors that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Underlying assumptions include without limitation, the ongoing enactment of legislation favorable to the production of and the commercialization of cannabis products and the Company's success in capitalizing on that legislation. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release.

Contact Information:

Investor Relations

Mesquite, NV 89027

702-345-4074

http://www.cannabissativainc.com

SOURCE: Cannabis Sativa Inc. 
2016-08-22
Yahoo Ad Partner Media.net Sells to China Group for $900 Million A group of Chinese investors said it s acquiring ad-tech startup Media.net for about $900 million in cash, with plans to eventually sell the company to an obscure telecommunications firm whose shares have been suspended from trading since last year.

Media.net, which is based in Dubai and New York, is touting this as the third-largest ad-tech acquisition in history. However, the complex deal more closely resembles a reverse merger, where a private company takes over a public one and bypasses the formalities of an initial public offering.

Technology entrepreneur Divyank Turakhia started Media.net in 2010 and bootstrapped the business. The company provides the technology powering contextual ads offered by Yahoo! Inc. and Microsoft Corp. s Bing search engine. The system is similar to one offered by Google, choosing which ads to show based on the content of the web page they appear on.

The deal comes as merger activity involving ad-tech companies is declining. There were 43 deals during the first half of the year, according to research firm PitchBook Data. That s a 45 percent decline from the same period last year.

Media.net generated $232 million in revenue last year, more than half of which came from mobile visitors, Turakhia said. The U.S. accounts for 90 percent of Media.net s revenue, but the company is hoping to make a big push into China after the deal, he said.

The consortium buying Media.net is led by Zhang Zhiyong, the chairman of Beijing Miteno Communication Technology Co. His telecom firm has been  moving aggressively  into mobile advertising and hoped to accelerate the transition through an acquisition, Zhang said through a translator.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

But the cellular tower provider only has about $23 million in cash and equivalents, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. To pull off the deal, Miteno needed to orchestrate a two-step financial dance. First, the financiers made a payment of $426 million to Turakhia, the founder, chief executive officer, and sole shareholder of Media.net. He said he ll collect the rest later. Then Miteno will acquire Media.net from the consortium, which Turakhia expects will happen before the end of the year. That transaction may involve equity, additional fundraising or a combination of the two, he said.

Trading of Miteno shares on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange has been halted since December, which is unusual. Zhang said suspending a stock is a common regulatory practice when a company is looking at acquisitions. Turakhia said he expected shares to resume trading in September.

Zhang said the structure of the two-part transaction has allowed Miteno to start raising money while waiting for regulatory approval. He said he expects many other companies, especially those in China, to copy the strategy in the future. Jeunesse  Ranks as Fastest-Growing Direct Selling Company on 2016 Inc. 500 List LAKE MARY, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

With an impressive three-year growth rate of 791%, global youth enhancement company Jeunesse ranked #481 on Inc. magazine s 35th annual list of the fastest-growing private companies in America. The company ranked #6 on the subset list of Top Orlando, FL Companies.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160822005677/en/

This ranking marks Jeunesse as the fastest-growing Inc. 500 company in the $36 billion U.S. direct selling industry, and the only direct seller to rank in the top 500 this year. In addition, Jeunesse is the only direct selling company to have maintained a top tier ranking for three consecutive years.

Jeunesse also has the distinction of being the only company, in any industry, on the Inc. 500 this year to have achieved billion-dollar annual sales, which is noteworthy as it is rare for a billion-dollar company to appear in the top 500. Jeunesse is one of only nine companies to do so in the list s 35-year history.

The company s 2016 ranking comes after a year where Jeunesse reached the billion-dollar milestone and garnered a multitude of corporate business awards including Stevie  Awards for Company of the Year and Fastest Growing Company of the Year in both the American Business AwardsSM and International Business AwardsSM.

The Inc. 5000 is the most prestigious ranking of the nation s fastest-growing private companies. The list represents a unique look at the most successful companies within the American economy s most dynamic segment   its independent businesses. Companies such as Microsoft, Dell, Domino s Pizza, Pandora, Timberland, LinkedIn, Yelp, Zillow and many other well-known names gained their first national exposure as Inc. 5000 honorees.

 The Inc. 500 is a prestigious collection of amazing privately held American companies, and we are honored to be ranked among them. Our success has been rooted in the efforts of the Jeunesse Distributors, executives and employees around the world who have collectively contributed to the company s accomplishments. We are proud of this achievement and excited for what the future holds for Jeunesse,  commented Jeunesse Chief Visionary Officer, Scott Lewis.

Jeunesse will be featured along with the other top 500 companies in the September issue of Inc. hitting newsstands August 23. This year s list is the most competitive crop in Inc. 5000 history. For complete results visit inc.com/inc5000/list.

About Jeunesse

Jeunesse is a global direct selling company with a mission to positively impact the world by helping people look and feel young, while empowering them to unleash their potential. The company s exclusive skin care and nutritional products make up a comprehensive Youth Enhancement System. With multilingual customer service and back office support and a global enrollment system, Jeunesse has developed a cutting-edge platform to share innovative products, training and support through 32 fully operational offices to markets in over 100 countries. Learn more at Jeunesseglobal.com.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160822005677/en/

MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160822005677/en/ 

2017-01-16
Two Big Reasons Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Still Needs Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Dear Valued Visitor,

We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.

Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages.

To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login.

We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member. 
2017-03-14
Still A Value Trap?   Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), EQT Corporation (EQT) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 41.81% since bottoming out at $32.83 on Mar. 16, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 2.04% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 20.43% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -0.32% from $47 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 13, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 37.74% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $47.35 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.71%, and the sector s average is 4.45%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

EQT Corporation (NYSE:EQT) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -28.19% since hitting a peak level of $80.61 on Jun. 29, 2016. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -9.27% in the past one month, the stock price is now with underperforming -11.56% so far on the year   still in weak zone. In this case, shares are 2.39% higher from $56.46, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Mar. 09, 2017, but are collecting gains at -20.23% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $57.81, EQT has a chance to add $25.29 or 43.75% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($83.1) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.2 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 0.88 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, EQT Corporation s EPS growth has been nearly -24.3%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 23.6%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. EQT Corporation s ROE is -8.28%, while industry s is -9.13%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 9.34%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. EQT s ROA is -0.89%, while industry s average is -2.92%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 2.75. 
2017-01-21
How Many Plaintiffs Firms Does It Take to Run an MDL? Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided.

Thank you for sharing!

Competition for the lead counsel role in data-breach litigation against Yahoo has some lawyers complaining there may be too many cooks in the courtroom.

To continue reading,

become a free ALM digital reader. Benefits include: 5 free articles * from across the ALM network every 30 days

from across the ALM network every 30 days Unlimited access to Corporate Counsel and Legaltech News online

The Recorder digital newsletter, plus your choice of over 70 newsletters

Exclusive discounts on ALM events and publications Register Now Already have an account? Sign In *May exclude premium content 
2017-02-07
DryShips Inc. Reports Financial and Operating Results for the Fourth Quarter 2016 ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Feb 7, 2017) - DryShips Inc. ( NASDAQ : DRYS ), or DryShips or the Company, a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels, today announced its unaudited financial and operating results for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.

Updated Key Information as of February 7, 2017:

Cash and cash equivalents about $243.0 million, (or $6.70 per share)





Book value of Vessels, net about $95.3 million





3 rd Party Loans about $16.5 million





Party Loans about $16.5 million Sifnos Loan Facility balance about $142.9 million





Sifnos Loan available liquidity about $57.1 million





Number of Shares Outstanding 36,253,866





George Economou, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, commented:

"We are pleased to have put 2016 behind us. Having now restored our balance sheet and successfully raised over $300 million in new equity in the last 12 months, DryShips is in a unique position to opportunistically acquire vessels at prices close to historic lows."

Fleet List

The table below describes our fleet profile as of February 7, 2017:

Year Gross rate Redelivery Built DWT Type Per day Earliest Latest Drybulk fleet Panamax: Raraka 2012 76,037 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Rapallo 2009 75,123 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Catalina 2005 74,432 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Majorca 2005 74,477 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Ligari 2004 75,583 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Mendocino 2002 76,623 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Bargara 2002 74,832 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Ecola 2001 73,931 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Capitola 2001 74,816 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Levanto 2001 73,925 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Maganari 2001 75,941 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Marbella 2000 72,561 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Redondo 2000 74,716 Panamax Spot N/A N/A Offshore Supply fleet Platform Supply Vessels: Crescendo 2012 1,457 PSV Laid up N/A N/A Vega Corona 2012 1,430 PSV Idle N/A N/A Oil Spill Recovery Vessels: Indigo 2013 1,393 OSRV Laid up N/A N/A Vega Jaanca 2012 1,393 OSRV T/C Jul.-17 Jul.-21 Vega Emtoli 2012 1,363 OSRV T/C May-17 May-21 Jubilee 2012 1,317 OSRV Laid up N/A N/A Gas Carrier fleet Newbuildings: CBM Very Large Gas Carrier (1) 2017 78,700 VLGC $30,000 Jun.-22 Jun.-25

(1) Expected to be delivered during June 2017.

Drybulk Carrier Segment Summary Operating Data (unaudited)

(Dollars in thousands, except average daily results)

Drybulk Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2015 2016 Average number of vessels(1) 26.5 15.2 35.8 19.4 Total voyage days for vessels(2) 2,341 1,221 12,562 6,404 Total calendar days for vessels(3) 2,434 1,394 13,060 7,116 Fleet utilization(4) 96.2% 87.6% 96.2% 90.0% Time charter equivalent(5) $5,097 $5,444 $9,171 $3,658 Vessel operating expenses (daily)(6) $6,528 $4,772 $6,715 $4,826

(1) Average number of vessels is the number of vessels that constituted our fleet for the relevant period, as measured by the sum of the number of days each vessel was a part of our fleet during the period divided by the number of calendar days in that period.

(2) Total voyage days for fleet are the total days the vessels were in our possession for the relevant period net of dry-docking and laid-up days.

(3) Calendar days are the total number of days the vessels were in our possession for the relevant period including dry-docking days and laid-up days.

(4) Fleet utilization is the percentage of time that our vessels were available for revenue generating voyage days, and is determined by dividing voyage days by fleet calendar days for the relevant period.

(5) Time charter equivalent, or TCE, is a measure of the average daily revenue performance of a vessel on a per voyage basis. Our method of calculating TCE is consistent with industry standards and is determined by dividing voyage revenues (net of voyage expenses) by voyage days for the relevant time period. Voyage expenses primarily consist of port, canal and fuel costs that are unique to a particular voyage and are paid by the charterer under a time charter contract, as well as commissions. TCE revenues, a non-U.S. GAAP measure, provides additional meaningful information in conjunction with revenues from our vessels, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, because it assists our management in making decisions regarding the deployment and use of its vessels and in evaluating their financial performance. TCE is also a standard shipping industry performance measure used primarily to compare period-to-period changes in a shipping company's performance despite changes in the mix of charter types (i.e., spot charters, time charters and bareboat charters) under which the vessels may be employed between the periods. Please see below for a reconciliation of TCE rates to voyage revenues.

(6) Daily vessel operating expenses, which includes crew costs, provisions, deck and engine stores, lubricating oil, insurance, maintenance and repairs is calculated by dividing vessel operating expenses by fleet calendar days net of laid-up days for the relevant time period.

(7) Does not include accrual for the provision of the purchase options and write off in overdue receivables under certain time charter agreements.

(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for TCE rate, which is expressed in Dollars, and voyage days)

Drybulk Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2015 2016 Voyage revenues(7) $ 15,660 $ 8,745 $ 138,828 $ 30,777 Voyage expenses (3,729) (2,098) (23,619) (7,349) Time charter equivalent revenues $ 11,931 $ 6,647 $ 115,209 $ 23,428 Total voyage days for fleet 2,341 1,221 12,562 6,404 Time charter equivalent TCE $ 5,097 $ 5,444 $ 9,171 $ 3,658

DryShips Inc. Financial Statements Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Expressed in Thousands of U.S. Dollars except for share and per share data)

Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2015 2016 REVENUES: Voyage revenues $ 23,766 $ 12,844 $ 244,020 $ 51,934 Revenues from drilling contracts - - 725,805 - 23,766 12,844 969,825 51,934 EXPENSES: Voyage expenses 4,385 2,461 65,286 9,209 Vessel operating expenses 20,271 9,009 111,451 45,563 Drilling units operating expenses - - 259,623 - Depreciation and amortization 672 871 227,652 3,466 Vessels impairment, (gain)/loss on sales and other 119,054 64,507 1,085,357 106,343 Goodwill impairment charge - 7,002 - 7,002 General and administrative expenses 14,814 14,333 104,912 39,708 Other, net (145 ) 1,014 (2,948 ) (258 ) Operating loss (135,285 ) (86,353 ) (881,508 ) (159,099 ) OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSES): Interest and finance costs, net of interest income (3,020 ) (1,713 ) (171,605 ) (8,776 ) Gain on debt restructuring - 10,465 - 10,477 (Gain)/loss on interest rate swaps 718 - (11,601 ) 403 Other, net (2,617 ) 102 (9,275 ) (199 ) Income taxes (188 ) (17 ) (37,119 ) (38 ) Total other income/(expenses), net (5,107 ) 8,837 (229,600 ) 1,867 Net loss (140,392 ) (77,516 ) (1,111,108 ) (157,232 ) Loss due to deconsolidation of Ocean Rig - - (1,347,106 ) - Equity in losses of Ocean Rig (387,281 ) - (349,872 ) (41,454 ) Net (income)/loss attributable to Non controlling interests 54 - (38,975 ) - Net loss attributable to DryShips Inc. $ (527,619 ) $ (77,516 ) $ (2,847,061 ) $ (198,686 ) Net loss attributable to DryShips Inc. common stockholders (527,619 ) (84,607 ) (2,847,631 ) (206,381 ) Loss per common share, basic and diluted (1)(2) $ (9,518.31 ) $ (54.16 ) $ (51,389.22 ) $ (464.76 ) Weighted average number of shares, basic and diluted (1)(2) 55,432 1,562,258 55,413 444,056

(1) Shares and per share data for 2015 give effect to a cumulative 1-for-1,500 reverse stock split.

(2) Shares and per share data give effect to the 1-for-8 reverse stock split, approved on January 18, 2017, which became effective on January 23, 2017.

DryShips Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Expressed in Thousands of U.S. Dollars) December 31, 2015 December 31, 2016 ASSETS Cash, cash equivalents, including restricted cash (current and non-current) $ 15,026 $ 76,774 Assets held for sale 216,026 - Other current assets 38,015 19,906 Vessels, net 96,428 95,550 Investment in affiliate 91,410 - Other non-current assets 19,147 1,500 Total assets 476,052 193,730 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Total debt 236,942 133,428 Liabilities held for sale 104,366 - Total other liabilities 13,332 10,528 Total stockholders' equity 121,412 49,774 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 476,052 $ 193,730

Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation

Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, goodwill, vessel and investment impairments and certain other non-cash items as described below, dry-dockings, class survey costs and gains or losses on interest rate swaps. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or cash flow from operations, as determined by United States generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to that reported by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is included herein because it is a basis upon which the Company measures its operations. Adjusted EBITDA is also used by our lenders as a measure of our compliance with certain covenants contained in our loan agreements and because the Company believes that it presents useful information to investors regarding a company's ability to service and/or incur indebtedness.

Read More 
2017-03-13
New executive team will oversee Yahoo Marissa Mayer will no longer be the CEO of Yahoo Inc. when the company is acquired by Verizon (Photo: AP file photo)

Yahoo Inc. has named the top executives who will lead what s left of the company after its digital services are sold to Verizon.

Yahoo said in a regulatory filing on Monday that Thomas McInerney will be CEO of the leftover company, to be called Altaba Inc. McInerney has been on Yahoo s board since April 2012 and has worked at IAC/InterActiveCorp and Ticketmaster.

Arthur Chong will serve as general counsel and secretary and Alexi Wellman as chief financial and accounting officer. DeAnn Fairfield Work was named chief compliance officer.

CEO Marissa Mayer, a Wausau native, will stay at Yahoo until the $4.48 billion Verizon deal closes. That s expected by the end of June. The filing did not say what will happen to her position after the changes.

Verizon had agreed to buy Yahoo s online business following a long slump at the internet company, but the deal was later jeopardized after Yahoo disclosed major computer hacking attacks that compromised the personal information of more than 1 billion users. The breaches were the two biggest in internet history.

RELATED: Verizon shaves $350 million from Yahoo price

RELATED: Mayer's legacy is diminishing at Yahoo

Yahoo recently said it won t be paying Mayer s annual bonus or give her a potentially lucrative stock award because an investigation concluded her management team reacted too slowly to one breach discovered in 2014.

Monday s filing revealed that Mayer will receive a $23 million severance package if she doesn t work for Verizon.

Verizon demanded a $925 million discount on its acquisition of Yahoo s online services to help offset the damage from the data breaches. It ultimately settled on a $350 million concession.

Yahoo disclosed new details about its negotiations with Verizon in a regulatory filing Monday. The filing doesn t say why Verizon accepted the lower figure, which was previously announced.

The companies struck a $4.83 billion deal last July but re-opened talks after Yahoo revealed that personal information had been stolen from more than 1 billion of its users in two separate hacking attacks during 2013 and 2014.

Read or Share this story: https://jsonl.in/2ngwl9S EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action ... NEW YORK, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces the filing of a class action lawsuit on behalf of purchasers of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) from November 12, 2013 through December 14, 2016, both dates inclusive (the "Class Period"). The lawsuit seeks to recover damages for Yahoo! investors under the federal securities laws.

To join the Yahoo! class action, go to http://www.rosenlegal.com/cases-1012.html or call Phillip Kim, Esq. or Kevin Chan, Esq. toll-free at 866-767-3653 or email pkim@rosenlegal.com or kchan@rosenlegal.com for information on the class action.

NO CLASS HAS YET BEEN CERTIFIED IN THE ABOVE ACTION. UNTIL A CLASS IS CERTIFIED, YOU ARE NOT REPRESENTED BY COUNSEL UNLESS YOU RETAIN ONE. YOU MAY ALSO REMAIN AN ABSENT CLASS MEMBER AND DO NOTHING AT THIS POINT. YOU MAY RETAIN COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOICE.

According to the lawsuit, throughout the Class Period defendants issued materially false and misleading statements to investors and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users' personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users' personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (2) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (3) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo's websites and services; and (4) as a result, Yahoo's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. When the true details entered the market, the lawsuit claims that investors suffered damages.

A class action lawsuit has already been filed. If you wish to serve as lead plaintiff, you must move the Court no later than March 27, 2017. A lead plaintiff is a representative party acting on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation. If you wish to join the litigation, go to http://www.rosenlegal.com/cases-1012.html or to discuss your rights or interests regarding this class action, please contact Phillip Kim, Esq. or Kevin Chan, Esq. of Rosen Law Firm toll free at 866-767-3653 or via e-mail at pkim@rosenlegal.com or kchan@rosenlegal.com.

Follow us for updates on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-rosen-law-firm or on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rosen_firm.

Rosen Law Firm represents investors throughout the globe, concentrating its practice in securities class actions and shareholder derivative litigation.

Contact Information:

Laurence Rosen, Esq.

Phillip Kim, Esq.

Kevin Chan, Esq.

The Rosen Law Firm, P.A.

275 Madison Avenue, 34th Floor

New York, NY 10016

Tel: (212) 686-1060

Toll Free: (866) 767-3653

Fax: (212) 202-3827

lrosen@rosenlegal.com

pkim@rosenlegal.com

kchan@rosenlegal.com

www.rosenlegal.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/equity-alert-rosen-law-firm-announces-filing-of-securities-class-action-lawsuit-against-yahoo-inc---yhoo-300422928.html Traders Secrets on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) gained 0.09% with the closing price of $45.98. The overall volume in the last trading session was 3.82 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.26 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.48 and sector s optimum level is 10.66.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have shown a high EPS growth of -17.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.50 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $46.72 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.15% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $45.98 a share and the price is up more than 18.90% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.41 vs. an industry average at 5.51. Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) ended its day at $94.79 with the rising stream of -0.95% and its total traded volume was 3.79 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG)

EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -4.17, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is -4.35 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 7.59. EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG), at its latest closing price of $94.79, it has a price-to-book ratio of 3.95, compared to an industry average at 0.48. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG), stock is trading $109.19 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -24.30% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 76.10% . Its share price has decline -8.30% in three months and is down -3.83% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.10. The Technicals For Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Tell An Interesting Tale The technicals for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup. The technical data for a stock offers a rich environment for establishing trading and investing decisions. By taking a keen examination of technical indicators, chart patterns and historical data, traders and investors can make crucial decisions.

(YHOO) has shown a marked change in trend levels over the course of recent market activity. Based on recent activity surrounding both the 50 and 200 SMAs, there s been a marked trend created which can be described as bullish. The composite picture painted by the trends built around both SMAs has also created a measured analysis of current investor sentiment as the stock navigates upside and downside risk. The established market sentiment toward the stock has created a trading environment which can suitably be described as positive. There has also been a knock-on effect as it relates to trading volume now reflected in weak real-time sentiment on the buying and selling curve; this has created in turn, indifference toward the stock as measured across a broad statistical mix of the general trading community.

As a composite and comprehensive tableau, the stock s position in the minds of the trading market reflects a broad analysis of technicals and inherent trends which underpin overall market-trading viability.

Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures are two very important leading indicators that help traders gauge overall movement of a particular stock; they act as boosters to technical analysis. Together they show in a measured way, whether or not a stock currently overbought or oversold. This indicator is crucial in determining whether traders are tipped toward the side of buying more of the stock, or doing the opposite and selling more of the stock. This is very important directional information necessary for making trading decisions. (YHOO) s current measure for its 14-day RSI is 62.32%; this is suggestive that on balance of the indicator, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture presents a complimentary view of overall sentiment in the present state for (YHOO). Stochastic data gathered over the last 30 days has created a score of 65.28%. This indicates that the stock is neither overbought or oversold at current levels.

Often the indicators laid out above do not communicate fully all that a trader needs to know. In these instances, reliance can be placed upon chart indicators that provide a view of short-term movement and/or long term performance. The omens depict a telling picture in terms of the near-term trading setup for (YHOO); this makes things very interesting to the curious and interested eye. The +0.90 has created a positive in the trailing 30 days since initiating movement. Over the extended term, the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 23.01%. This consistent movement and its attendant overall performance have produced higher daily volatility when compared with other stocks ranking in the same peer group and on the same exchange. The picture looks the same when the stock is assessed against volatility levels measured historically. This historical volatility gives a current reading of 11.85%. These measures of historic volatility are very handy in judging the underlying price momentum and the rate of change in the price of (YHOO). Bound up this picture of volatility, is another measure that gives the underlying thesis for (YHOO). This can best be seen by analyzing the readings for the stock s average true range, currently 1.38. ATR is a fine augment to the other indicators outlined above and should be used in conjunction and not as a standalone. Hot Stocks: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO):

Last Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its previous trading session at $45.98 with the Gain of 0.09%. The company s market cap is $43.94 Billion, and the average volume is $8.43 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $46.72, while the 52-week low range is $33. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Feb 15, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 16, 2016. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 8.5, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 1.41. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 0.91% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.34%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 17 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $0.14 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $0.1, while the High earnings estimate is $0.18.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $0.11.

According to 11 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $1.24 Billion and the Low Revenue estimate is $1.07 Billion, while the High Revenue estimate is $1.31 Billion.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) currently has a High Price Target of $57. The Mean and Low price Targets are $47.35 and $39, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 20 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.25 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG):

Previous Trade:

EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) shares declined -0.95% and ended the day at $94.79. Its 52-week high and low range is between $109.37 and $69.66. The stock has its 52-Week High on Dec 12, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Apr 5, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 582.37 Million. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 3.79 Million. The stock has a market cap of 55.2 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 0 and Forward P/E of 35.48.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at -4.05%, SMA50 is -6.31 percent, while SMA200 is 2.01%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -4.1 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are -3.6 percent and -8.7 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 2.47. The Weekly Volatility is 2.95 percent and the Monthly Volatility is 2.19 percent.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 1.81 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $136 according to consensus of 38 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $94 and the Mean Target of $113.82, according to the Brokers.

EOG Resources, Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.17, according to consensus of 24 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $-0.1, while the high EPS estimate is $0.37.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $2.44 Billion, according to consensus of 7 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $2.58 Billion and the lower end is $2.24 Billion. Yahoo says Marissa Mayer will continue to be CEO prior closing of transaction with Verizon  
2017-03-24
UPCOMING DEADLINE: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Yahoo! Inc ... NEW YORK, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The following statement is being issued by Levi & Korsinsky, LLP:

Protecting the Rights of Shareholders. More

To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016.

You are hereby notified that a securities class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of California. To get more information go to:

http://www.zlk.com/pslra/yahoo

or contact Joseph E. Levi, Esq. either via email at jlevi@levikorsinsky.com or by telephone at (212) 363-7500, toll-free: (877) 363-5972. There is no cost or obligation to you.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo! disclosed that hackers stole information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 3 percent. Then, on December 14, 2016, Defendants disclosed that in August 2013 hackers stole information on more than 1 billion user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo shares down more than 6 percent.

If you suffered a loss in Yahoo! you have until March 27, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn't require that you serve as a lead plaintiff.

Levi & Korsinsky is a national firm with offices in New York, California, Connecticut, and Washington D.C. The firm's attorneys have extensive expertise and experience representing investors in securities litigation, and have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for aggrieved shareholders. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

CONTACT:

Levi & Korsinsky, LLP

Joseph E. Levi, Esq.

30 Broad Street - 24th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Tel: (212) 363-7500

Toll Free: (877) 363-5972

Fax: (212) 363-7171

www.zlk.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/upcoming-deadline-levi--korsinsky-llp-reminds-shareholders-of-yahoo-inc-of-a-class-action-lawsuit-and-a-lead-plaintiff-deadline-of-march-27-2017--yhoo-300429087.html The Case for and Against Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $46.60, up from yesterday s close by 1.17%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

Does this stock stack up well when compared to its peers in the industry space? Let s take a look. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently trades with a market capitalization of $44.57 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 15.37 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For YHOO, the company currently has $1.17 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.01 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to hold steady in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.08 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 1.76% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Yahoo! Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $47.19. It is now trading 0.59% off that level. The stock is trading $44.87 its 50-day moving average by -1.73%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $33.93.

In recent action, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has made a move of +2.62% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is outperforming the S&P 500 by 18.62, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 6.00% with $883.52 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of YHOO. Time To Get Cautious?   Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Five Below, Inc. (FIVE) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are on a recovery track as they have regained 37.34% since bottoming out at $34.62 on Mar. 24, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.02% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 20.51% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -1.25% from $47.19 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 33.91% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $47.63 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.83%, and the sector s average is 4.84%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ:FIVE) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -19.83% since hitting a peak level of $52.7 on Jul. 27, 2016. Thanks to an increase of almost 6.18% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 5.73% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 20.61% higher from $35.03, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Nov. 04, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 2.5% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $42.25, FIVE has a chance to add $6.48 or 15.34% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($48.73) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 0.97 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Five Below, Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly 135.1%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 22.03%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Five Below, Inc. s ROE is 26.82%, while industry s is 15.1%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 12.63%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. FIVE s ROA is 14.65%, while industry s average is 7.52%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 6.39. Stocks under Consideration: Aetna Inc. (AET), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Aetna Inc. (AET):

Last Trade:

Aetna Inc. (AET) ended its previous trading session at $127.83 with the Loss of -0.39%. The company s market cap is $44.86 Billion, and the average volume is $3.03 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $134.4, while the 52-week low range is $104.59. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Dec 2, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Nov 3, 2016. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 0.71, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 2.52. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 1.41% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.24%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 15 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $2.35 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $2.14, while the High earnings estimate is $2.43.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $2.43.

According to 11 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $15.46 Billion and the Low Revenue estimate is $14.84 Billion, while the High Revenue estimate is $16.34 Billion.

Aetna Inc. (AET) currently has a High Price Target of $154. The Mean and Low price Targets are $139 and $105, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 16 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO):

Previous Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) shares Jumped 1.17% and ended the day at $46.6. Its 52-week high and low range is between $47.19 and $34.62. The stock has its 52-Week High on Mar 21, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 28, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 956.49 Million. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 8.25 Million. The stock has a market cap of 44.57 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 0 and Forward P/E of 65.45.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at 1.23%, SMA50 is 4.05 percent, while SMA200 is 12.09%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -0.4 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are -1.6 percent and -0.7 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 0.68. The Weekly Volatility is 1.64 percent and the Monthly Volatility is 1.27 percent.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 2.29 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $57 according to consensus of 19 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $39 and the Mean Target of $47.63, according to the Brokers.

Yahoo! Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.14, according to consensus of 17 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $0.1, while the high EPS estimate is $0.18.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $1.24 Billion, according to consensus of 11 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $1.31 Billion and the lower end is $1.07 Billion. Investors Checklist Stock: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. s (YHOO) witnessed a gain of 1.17% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 46.60. The company s last traded volume of 8.25 million shares as compared to it s an average volume of 6.81 million shares.

In the trailing 12 months period, return on assets ratio of the Company was -0.40% and return on equity ratio was -0.70% while its return on investment ratio was -1.60%.

The stock as of last trading session moved 37.34% up from its 52 week low and was -1.25% behind its 52 week high.

The stock s price switched up 1.23% 20-Days Simple Moving Average, added 4.05% from 50-Days Simple Moving Average and rose 12.09% from 200 Days Simple Moving Average.

The company has price to cash ratio of 6.54.

In the profitability analysis, net profit margin of the firm was recorded at -4.10% and operating profit margin was calculated at -12.50% while gross profit margin was measured as 47.40%. Beta factor, which measures the riskiness of the security, was registered at 1.67.

In the liquidity ratio analysis; quick ratio for most recent quarter was 6.30 while current ratio for time period was 6.30. In most recent quarter, LT Debt/Equity ratio was listed at 0.04 and Total Debt/Equity ratio was noted at 0.04.

EPS growth for this year is 95.10% and EPS growth for next year is expected to reach at 4.40%. EPS growth in past five years was -17.90% while EPS growth in next five years is projected to arrive at 3.88%. Sales growth past 5 years was measured at 0.70%.

Looking about the past performance history, the company plunged -0.02% in past week and climbed 1.35% in one month. During the past three month period the stock surged 19.00% and increased 5.57% in past six month. During the twelve month it added 33.91% and year to date performance of 20.51%.

Analyst recommendation for this stock stands at 2.40. The volatility in the previous week has experienced by 1.64% and observed of 1.27% in the previous month.83.20% ownership is held by institutional investors while insiders hold ownership of 0.40%. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) hit its 1-Year High price on Mar 21, 2017 Share Price and 1 Year Extreme Prices Analysis

The share of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a value of $46.6 while the company s 52 week low is at $34.62, the shares dropped to the 52 week low on Mar 28, 2016. While the company s share hit the 52 week high on Mar 21, 2017 stationing the value of $47.19.

The difference of 52 week low value as well as 52 week high value and the current price of the stock suggests the next move of the shares. If the share price is currently hovering near the 52 week low and the value is achieved in the current past then it can suggest that the price of the shares is likely to go up.

Share Volume Analysis

The volume of the particular stock is the shares bought and sold in a single trading day. The average volume of a stock suggests the liquidity of a particular company. If the average volume is low then the liquidity is low which means it is hard to buy or sell the stock as there are fewer buyers or sellers of the stock.

Currently the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has the trading volume of 8.25 Million shares with the average trading volume of 5.9 Million shares.

Price to Earnings Ratio

P/E of the company is not reported.

Earnings per Share EPS

Yet another important factor while evaluating a good buy/sell decision for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is its Earnings per Share or EPS. EPS breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis.

Currently, EPS of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 0.25 while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 0.21 suggesting the company fell short of the analysts  expectations.

Market Capitalization Analysis

Market Capitalization can be thought of as the overall price to buy the company. Market Capitalization if basically the market value of the company s shares outstanding. Market Cap is also the figure use to determine company s size, as opposed to using sales or total asset figures.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a market capitalization of 44.57 Billion which suggests the company is a huge company further suggesting that the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) are stable and safe compared to the lower market capitalization companies. 
2017-01-05
Here's What You Might Not Know About Yahoo Have you noticed that Yahoo has managed to make a lot of headlines during the past year but none of them on the desirable side? It's as if every time the company attempts to reorganize its game plan and unveil new offerings to its consumer base, something happens to foul it up. Enormous data breaches, highly scrutinized leadership, and a possible acquisition by a telecommunications company (do telecom and Web marriages ever work out?) are just some of the events Yahoo has endured lately. Everyone is watching.

But we think good news is (finally!) on the way. The undervaluation of Yahoo's Asian cross holdings should not last much longer because the deal to sell Verizon (NYSE:VZ) the American Yahoo core should close in 1Q17 and the new Republican administration is widely expected to cut the corporate tax rate to 15%. In 2Q17, Yahoo appears likely to sell its Yahoo Japan shares, merge away or liquidate its Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) stock and distribute remaining cash. Today Verizon signaled to the debt markets that it sought $5.5bn to finance the long-awaited purchase of Yahoo's core business.

Today's approximate $38.50 closing price represents a 30% discount to the $54.83 sum of the parts, or a $16.33/share spread. If we taxed/discounted the entire structure at 15%, we get $54.83 * (1-15%) = $46.61, or a 20% upside from $38.50.

Yahoo has its core business ($5.07/shr), a pile of Alibaba stock ($34.89/shr), a heap of Yahoo Japan (OTCPK:YAHOY) ($8.07/shr) and a giant stack of net cash ($6.80/shr): $5.07 Core + $34.89 BABA + $8.07 4689 JP + $6.80 Cash = $54.83 total. Verizon will pay about $730mm in cash to close out Yahoo's 21mm share equity incentive plans, so the per share estimates above benefit modestly.

The downside? If we put both the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan stakes on 40% discounts, respectively, cash on a 10% discount and fix Yahoo core at the take-out price, the downside is about $37.00 or -4% from $38.50. Another way to think about the downside in Yahoo is to reflect on the downside in BABA. We don't have a view on the BABA downside because we hedge it out. That said, for the fiscal year ended March 2017E, BABA is expected by the Street to earn $3.16/share (+81% y/y) on $21.7bn of sales (+14% y/y).

Long 1 Yahoo share and short 0.4 shares of BABA (the so-called 'Yahoo stub trade') has had fits and starts; see below. This chart does not hedge out Yahoo Japan. Key drivers have been IRS announcements and company comments. Many investors have owned the stub on swap, a higher return, capital-efficient (albeit more volatile) approach that appears poised to finally work.

Some have argued that the Yahoo remains will be acquired in an all-stock deal by the Alibaba mothership. Reasonable people may differ as to the likelihood of a deal but we can all agree that given the choice, Alibaba would prefer not to have a $30bn liquid alternative to its own stock floating around forever, particularly when that alternative persistently trades at some discount and represents 15% of their own company.

If the tax rate stays at 40%, bears may argue that Alibaba will bide its time, talk down the chance of a deal and then make a lowball offer. If the tax rate changes to 15%, bulls would argue that BABA will wait until Verizon has cleared away the American Yahoo core and then take a clean shot at an all-stock offer at some small discount to parity. The board's task is to move the conversation away from tax discount and toward merger premium by creating a competitive bidding process. The fairness standards of the Delaware courts support the bull case.

Verizon expects to close the purchase of the Yahoo US core operation during 1Q17, and last week received approval from European regulators. Also in the news this month, Yahoo disclosed a billion-user data breach that was thought to have taken place in 2013. The breach news represents the second such case following the announcement of the transaction. The New York Times DealProfessor seems to think no one cares about the data breach (or for that matter any of the other recent data breaches by other companies).

In response, Verizon may seek a price cut. But based on conversations with Verizon, they still like the asset, and although they may or may not get it cheaper, they are still doing the deal. Let Yahoo cut the price by a billion dollars, or let them not cut the price by a billion dollars. Yahoo has roughly a billion Yahoo shares outstanding. Cut the price of the Yahoo core and one cuts the proceeds paid to Yahoo by about a buck a share. Yahoo closed at $38.50 yesterday, so a $1 change in price is a 2.6% change in value.

With limited downside, a hard catalyst, and favorable tax and fiscal policy, at long last, the Yahoo trade appears ripe (whether stub trade or outright long).

Additional disclosure: The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security or otherwise enter into any transaction. Before making an investment decision consult with tax and legal counsel and a financial advisor to determine your suitability. This information does not purport to be complete and is no guarantee of future results. In evaluating the information, you should know that it could have been previously provided to other persons who could have already acted on it. An investor should not invest unless it is prepared to lose all or a substantial portion of its investment. Sutton View Capital LLC is organized in the United States under the laws of the State of Delaware, which laws limit the personal liability of members, including but not limited to the author.

Disclosure: I am/we are long YHOO.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Verizon exec voices doubts over Yahoo deal Weeks after Yahoo Inc. disclosed a massive data breach, Verizon Communications Inc. is unsure whether it will proceed with its $4.83 billion purchase of the internet company s core business, a top Verizon executive said Thursday.

Marni Walden, a Verizon VZ, -0.25% executive vice president, said the carrier is still studying the impact of a data breach at Yahoo YHOO, +1.66% that affected more than 1 billion accounts, which the internet firm disclosed in December. The hack occurred in 2013 and is separate from a 2014 breach that exposed 500 million Yahoo accounts.

When asked at an investor conference in Las Vegas whether the telecom giant would proceed with the deal, Walden said:  Unfortunately, I can t sit here today and say with confidence one way or the other because we still don t know. 

A Yahoo spokeswoman said:  We are confident in Yahoo s value and we continue to work towards integration with Verizon. 

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.

WSJ's Jack in the Box Taco Taste Test (2:42) Jack in the Box tacos are the most popular item on the fast-food chain's menu. Fans call the deep-fried treats disgusting but irresistible. To see how they measure up, we blind taste-tested Jack in the Box tacos against two local offerings in San Francisco. Video/Photo: Jake Nicol/The Wall Street Journal

Also popular on WSJ.com:

Donald Trump plans revamp of top U.S. spy agency.

Sears buys time with Craftsman brand sale, store closures. AOL's Armstrong: Yahoo Integration Intact Despite Hack Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. The world's first 3-screen gaming laptop is mind-blowing Have you ever wondered what a 17-inch laptop would look like if someone strapped two extra screens to its sides? Well, that s both an oddly specific thought, and exactly what the insane folks at PC gaming company Razer have dreamt up with their new Project Valerie concept laptop.

Debuting at CES 2017, this behemoth of a gaming rig features a brilliant 17-inch, 4K-resolution display with 100% Adobe RGB color accuracy that ensures everything from movies to the latest games look absolutely gorgeous.

Flip the onboard switch, though, and out slide two additional 17-inch, 4K-resolution panels. Aggressively unnecessary? You bet. Ridiculously cool? You know it!

View photos Unfortunately, you can t buy the Project Valerie, as it s just a concept   for now. More

The idea behind Project Valerie is to give gamers the ability to use multiple monitors without having to deal with a rat s nest of wires on their desks. Of course, the feature comes in handy at work, too. With three screens you can multitask with a number of programs at once without having to search through a million tabs and minimized apps.

Razer s over-the-top laptop also virtually guarantees that you ll be the most hated person at your local Starbucks when you deploy its massive screens.

That much added mass also means that the Project Valerie will weigh just a bit more than your MacBook Air. According to Razer, the system is expected to weigh less than 12 pounds, which isn t exactly lightweight.

View photos The rear of the Razer Project Valerie. More

Naturally, Project Valerie will be an absolute performance monster. Razer says it will equip the laptop with Nvidia s (NVDA) latest GeForce GTX 1080 graphics chip, which means the system will be able to handle VR headsets like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.

Like every Razer laptop, Project Valerie s keyboard will include the company s Chroma lighting system, so you can show off your gaming bona fides whether you re pounding out TPS reports or pounding n00bs in  Overwatch. 

Since Project Valerie is still just a concept device, there s no guarantee it will ever hit the market. Even if it does, it will likely cost a good chunk of change thanks to its high-end displays. Still, I m holding out hope that I ll one day own a ridiculous three-screen laptop just like I ve always dreamed.

More of Yahoo Finance s CES 2017 coverage:

Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. Model N Completes Acquisition of Revitas, Inc. REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - January 05, 2017) - Model N, Inc. (MODN), a provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, technology and manufacturing companies, today announced it has completed its acquisition of Revitas, Inc., a provider of life sciences revenue management software. Through this transaction, Model N now provides life sciences companies with a broader portfolio of best-in-class solutions and expanded options to leverage cloud computing to transform the management of revenue into a strategic, end-to-end process that drives growth and maximizes revenue.

"We are excited to welcome the Revitas customers, partners and employees to the Model N family," said Zack Rinat, founder, executive chairman and CEO of Model N. "Together we will deliver increased value to our joint customers by delivering innovative revenue management solutions in the cloud."

Model N's acquisition of Revitas unites more than 40 years of combined revenue management experience, more than 80 life sciences customers and a presence in 10 major locations around the world. The acquisition will enable Model N to accelerate innovation across a broad set of applications to the benefit of the life sciences industry at this critical moment when revenue management is becoming a strategic imperative, one in which the industry is experiencing unprecedented and evolving global regulation, increasing price transparency, a transition from traditional consumption-based pricing to new outcome-based models and the need to acquire and divest in an M&A-centric industry.

"Today is a major milestone in the history of Model N as we increase the value we can deliver to both customers and shareholders. We expect to drive top line growth, complete the transition of our business model to 100 percent recurring revenues and accelerate our path toward profitability and cash flow generation," said Rinat.

JMP Securities served as exclusive financial advisor to Model N and Robert W. Baird & Co. served as financial advisor to Revitas on the transaction. Durham Capital Corporation advised on the debt financing.

About Model N

Model N is a leader in revenue management solutions. Driving mission-critical business processes such as configure, price and quote (CPQ), contract and rebate management, business intelligence, and regulatory compliance, Model N solutions transform the revenue lifecycle from a series of disjointed operations into a strategic end-to-end process. With deep industry expertise, Model N supports the complex business needs of the world's leading brands in life sciences, technology and manufacturing across more than 100 countries, including Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, Boston Scientific, Novartis, Microchip Technology and Fairchild. For more information, visit www.modeln.com.

Model N  is the registered trademark of Model N, Inc. Any other company names mentioned are the property of their respective owners and are mentioned for identification purposes only.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements including, among other things, statements regarding the benefits of Model N's acquisition of Revitas. The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "expect," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. Risks include, but are not limited to: (i) successful integration of Revitas, its product, technologies and employees; (ii) delays in closing customer contracts; (iii) our ability to improve and sustain our sales execution; (iv) the timing of new orders and the associated revenue recognition; (v) adverse changes in general economic or market conditions; (vi) delays or reductions in information technology spending and resulting variability in customer orders from quarter to quarter; (vii) competitive factors, including but not limited to pricing pressures, industry consolidation, entry of new competitors and new applications and marketing initiatives by our competitors; (viii) our ability to manage our growth effectively; and (ix) acceptance of our applications and services by customers; (x) success of new products; (xi) the risk that the strategic initiatives that we may pursue will not result in significant future revenues; and (xii) our ability to retain customers of Model N and Revitas. Further information on risks that could affect Model N's results is included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, and any current reports on Form 8-K that we may file from time to time. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could differ materially from expectations. Model N assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release. Verizon executive says company unsure about Yahoo deal  
2017-02-14
Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Really Worth $150? Goldman Sachs (ticker: GS) gave Apple Inc. ( AAPL) shareholders an early Valentine's Day present on Monday, raising its price target to from $133 to $150 per share. Naturally, AAPL stock responded well to the news; shares rose about 1 percent in response to the praise, hitting 52-week highs in the process.

The $150 level represents a 13.5 percent increase from Friday's closing price of $132.12.

The question is: How realistic is Goldman's $150 price target?

[Read: The 10 Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017.]

Don't count Apple out. Apple is coming off a blowout quarter, one that beat nearly all analyst expectations and sent AAPL stock skyrocketing. Shares jumped 6 percent following the fiscal first-quarter results.

A big part of what made Apple's first quarter numbers so good were the shockingly good iPhone sales numbers, which analysts expected to be very muted following a string of disappointing results in the quarters preceding it.

Point being: just when you count AAPL out, the company shows it still has a trick or two up its sleeve. And if Goldman's right, Apple's greatest tricks are yet to come.

Goldman's thesis. The bottom line is that Goldman expects big things from the iPhone, the 2007 invention that quickly became Apple's best-selling product, transformed the business, and turned it into the most valuable company in the world.

Last quarter alone, AAPL sold over $54 billion worth of iPhones, setting a company record and accounting for nearly 70 percent of Apple's overall sales.

But Goldman expects the iPhone 8 to be a major improvement from the iPhone 7, seeing as this will be the 10-year anniversary of the first model.

Apple has been roundly criticized for not making meaningful changes from one iPhone model to the next, but this time, the tech community will be expecting something big.

"The iPhone7 didn't offer the upgrade that many consumers were looking for, but the next model is rumored to be packed with several new features. I am not sure about $150 as Goldman Sachs suggests, but extending to $143, Bloomberg's 12-month consensus target price might not quite as far fetched," says Chris Kim, senior vice president and chief investment officer at Tompkins Financial Advisors, based in White Plains, New York.

Goldman specifically expects the iPhone 8 to come with a "3D sensing functionality" that would "enable a robust augmented reality feature set that we believe will be a key differentiator." Apple insiders have hinted before at AR and virtual reality would be major points of focus for AAPL going forward, and following the huge success of games like Pokemon Go in 2016, any iOS or phone manufacturer that makes AR easy to develop for and play with has the potential to be richly rewarded.

Not only that, but Goldman thinks the iPhone 8 will have an OLED display, allowing for the removal of the home button entirely. Some have suggested the iPhone 8 will be the first iPhone with the ability to charge wirelessly as well, would be a huge step forward.

"The phone is speculated to have some nice features that are more function than form, which tends to draw in more upgraders than normal," says Peter Karazeris, an analyst with Thrivent Financial in Minnesota.

Last and perhaps most importantly, Goldman expects the iPhone 8 to have three SKUs: the current 4.7" model, the current 5.5" model, and the yet-to-be-released 5.8" model.

The reason this additional 5.8" model would be so great for AAPL, as you might have guessed, is because it'd be more expensive than the other two, raising the average selling price for all iPhones sold and boosting the top line.

Currently the 4.7" model goes for $649 and the 5.5" model goes for $769, so seeing an average selling price at or near $800 a pop for the largest model seems quite reasonable.

But Goldman needs more than just chatter about the long-anticipated 10th iPhone anniversary to justify its $150 price target for AAPL stock.

The Wall Street bank does that by raising its projected iPhone sales for 2017 from 227.3 million phones to 230 million. For 2018, it increased its forecast from 231.5 million phones to 235.9 million.

[Read: 5 Reasons Donald Trump's Presidency Will Include a Recession.]

More importantly, Goldman is raising the earnings multiple it believes AAPL stock deserves from 14 to 16, making each dollar of earnings worth 14.3 percent more than it used to. Earnings multiples usually rise when greater growth is expected from a company in the coming years than there was previously, so a slight boost in Apple's multiple makes sense.

Read More TCI Fund Management Ltd reports 9.04 pct passive stake in Yahoo Inc - SEC filing  
2017-02-01
Yahoo Says AIG Unit Must Cover Email Scanning Suits PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2017-01-23
Yahoo! Inc. Slides Verizon Deal Back to Q2 Online information portal Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) reported results for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 after the closing bell on Monday. Citing the pending buyout offer from Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ), management declined to hold a conference call with analysts.

Yahoo!'s fourth-quarter results: The raw numbers

Metric Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Year-Over-Year Change Revenue $1.47 billion $1.27 billion 16% Net income $64 million $64 million N/A GAAP EPS (diluted) $0.17 ($4.70) N/A

What happened with Yahoo! this quarter?

Mobile traffic and video services continued to take a more prominent role in Yahoo!'s product portfolio in the fourth quarter.

Bottom-line earnings were held back by a $4.45 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge in the year-ago quarter. There were no such accounting adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2016. Backing out that enormous non-cash line item and other one-time charges, adjusted fourth-quarter earnings nearly doubled from $0.13 to $0.25 per diluted share.

Mobile revenues rose 58% year over year, landing at $459 million. Desktop traffic produced 2.6% revenue growth, stopping at $955 million.

Breaking the revenue stream down from a different perspective, operations under the Mavens banner delivered 25% sales growth while non-Mavens services settled at 10% growth. As a reminder, Mavens refers to operations in Yahoo!'s mobile, video, and native ads divisions, plus the impact from recently acquired businesses.

The number of paid search clicks decreased by 21% compared with the year-ago quarter. At the same time, price per click increased by 18%.

The Verizon transaction is still a work in progress. Yahoo! now expects to close the deal in the second quarter of 2017, as the work required to meet closing conditions is taking more time than expected.

The company did not supply any financial guidance for the coming quarter or fiscal year.

What management had to say

Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer underscored the company's commitment to the existing strategic plan, even as management worked to close the Verizon deal.

"With our 2016 and Q4 financial results ahead of plan, and the continued stability in our user engagement trends, the opportunities ahead with Verizon look bright," Mayer said in a prepared statement.

Looking ahead

As a standalone business, Yahoo!'s Maven focus is paying off. These operations are growing sales quickly, and profits are following suit. Adjusted EBITDA profits rose 51% in the fourth quarter to $324 million, and free cash flows jumped from roughly breakeven to a healthy $231 million.

Verizon has been showing signs of cold feet about its pending Yahoo! buyout. At the very least, this solid report did nothing to undermine Verizon's confidence and may have helped pushing the deal along. Citi Spoofing and Yahoo Hacking Spoofing!

It seems like pretty big news that Citigroup Global Markets Inc. agreed to pay a $25 million penalty to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission last week to settle charges that it spoofed the U.S. Treasury futures market. Like ... Citi is a big bank, and Treasury futures are a big market, and $25 million is a big fine. It's the biggest spoofing story since that time a random dude in London maybe crashed the stock market.

But the CFTC and Citi don't seem to be very interested in telling the story. The CFTC order is brief, bland and generic. Five Citigroup traders "engaged in the disruptive practice of 'spoofing' (bidding or offering with the intent to cancel the bid or offer before execution) in U.S. Treasury futures markets" in 2011 and 2012, and they did it more than 2,500 times. (Bloomberg News has their names.) The "spoofing strategy involved placing bids or offers of 1,000 lots or more" -- $100 million or more face amount -- "with the intent to cancel those orders before execution"; they put in the spoofing orders "after another smaller bid or offer was placed on the opposite side of the same or a correlated futures or cash market," and cancelled them "after either the smaller resting orders had been filled or the Traders believed that the spoofing orders were at too great a risk of being executed."

That is how one spoofs, yes. But there are no funny e-mails or chats, no details of the trades or profits, no sense of how or why this happened, except that it happened a lot. Well, there is one anecdote, about a junior trader in Tokyo who visited the New York desk for training. He was apparently trained in spoofing, but not very well:

In January 2012, the junior trader returned to Tokyo and began placing spoofing orders. In one instance, on January 31, 2012, he placed a 4,000 lot offer in the 10-year U.S. Treasury futures market that he intended to cancel before execution to induce other market participants to trade on his smaller resting bid in the 10-year cash U.S. Treasury market. The majority of his 4,000 lot spoofing order traded before he could cancel the order and, as a result, he incurred a loss. Afterwards, the junior trader called several other members of the U.S. Treasury desk, including the head of the desk, to report his loss and explain his spoofing strategy and what had happened. Although the supervisor told the junior trader "that's not a smart thing to do" and cautioned him not to do it again, neither the supervisor nor the other members of the U.S. Treasury desk reported the incident to compliance or any other senior manager, despite having information that the junior trader engaged in spoofing.

Did the supervisor mean that spoofing is "not a smart thing to do," or just getting executed on your spoof order? Because the latter is inarguable.

The former is a little inarguable too? People talk about "white-collar crime" (fraud, etc.) as distinct from "blue-collar crime" (burglary, etc.), but there is a social hierarchy of fraud, too. Big banks might collude on a benchmark fixing, or sell mortgage bonds with misrepresentations about the level of due diligence they conducted, but they don't, like, run Ponzi schemes. Individual junior bankers might insider trade here and there, but big banks' trading desks don't make their money by insider trading. This is not because banks are paragons of morality; it's because they are big institutions with big compliance departments who have read the rules and thought about ways to prevent well-known sorts of dumb obvious misbehavior. Perhaps this leads to a culture of compliance, or perhaps it leads to a culture of baroque sneaky misbehavior, but in any case it probably does catch the low-hanging fruit.

These days spoofing feels pretty blue-collar, and most spoofing enforcement cases so far have tended to be against small firms and independent traders. And Citi's spoofing -- putting in 1,000-contract orders, trading small orders on the other side, and canceling the 1,000-contract orders, over and over again, thousands of times -- just feels too big and dumb and obvious for a big bank. But here we are. I suppose things were different in 2011 and 2012, when regulators were just beginning to take spoofing seriously. Sometimes it takes time for misbehavior to become dumb and obvious.

Yahoo!?

Here is a story about how the Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating Yahoo Inc. because it was hacked in 2014 and waited two years to disclose the hack to shareholders. (And users! It waited two years to disclose to users that they had been hacked! But that's not the SEC's concern.) On the one hand, sure, absolutely: You should disclose material stuff, and if you don't, then investors are misled into buying your stock at inflated prices, and then they are harmed when the stuff is disclosed and the price drops.

The weird thing about Yahoo, though, is that it waited so long to disclose the hack that, by the time it did, it had already agreed to sell itself to Verizon Communications Inc. (Well, to sell the Yahoo bits of itself. It's keeping some other bits, and renaming the stub "Altaba.") And Verizon hadn't known about the hack either. Now it does, of course, though it is still unclear whether it will try to re-negotiate the deal because of the hacks.

But this makes the SEC's potential case weird, especially if the deal closes as scheduled for the agreed price. Like: If Yahoo agreed to sell its business for a fixed amount of cash before disclosing the hack, and then it sells it for that amount of cash after disclosing the hack, then was the hack material? Shareholders got the same amount of money from Verizon after the disclosure as they expected to before the disclosure. And if the SEC ends up fining Yahoo for not disclosing it, who pays the fine? Verizon is getting the guilty businesses, but it seems a bit rough to make Verizon pay more for a hacked Yahoo than it had originally agreed to pay for an un-hacked Yahoo. Presumably Altaba would pay, which would mean that Yahoo's disclosure breach deceived shareholders but didn't cost them any money -- but that the SEC's efforts to protect those shareholders would cost them money.

Active ETFs.

One problem with mutual funds is that if you buy a mutual fund, and don't sell it, you still have to pay capital gains taxes on it. This is not true of most other investments: If you buy stock, and it goes up, you don't pay taxes on the appreciation until you sell. Certainly if the stock doesn't go up, and you don't sell, you don't pay taxes. But "a mutual fund manager must constantly re-balance the fund by selling securities to accommodate shareholder redemptions," which "creates capital gains for the shareholders, even for shareholders who may have an unrealized loss on the overall mutual fund investment."

A big advantage of exchange-traded funds is that they don't do that: When you want out of your ETF, you sell your shares to another investor, or get redeemed in kind, so the ETF is not constantly selling securities (and incurring taxes) to meet redemptions.

The ETF approach feels right, and the mutual-fund approach feels dumb, which is why people who manage mutual funds are constantly trying to turn them into ETFs. If you run an index fund where everyone always knows what's in it, this is pretty easy. If you run an actively managed fund, it's hard. The point of an ETF is that it is exchange-traded: People know what securities the ETF holds, they know what those securities are worth, and they can make sure the ETF's price is right by arbitraging between the ETF and the underlying securities. An active fund whose holdings are secret, or semi-secret -- active funds disclose their holdings periodically, but not minute-by-minute -- can't be effectively arbitraged.

But of course the active managers don't care about that. They just want the tax advantages of ETFs, and will take convoluted approaches to get them. So here is a story about how J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. "is joining a long line of asset managers" hoping to license Precidian Investment's "ActiveShares" nontransparent ETF model, which "would disclose stockholdings on a delay rather than daily," if the SEC approves it.

I am a little torn. On the one hand, the ETF model -- of ensuring price accuracy by arbitrage -- is an elegant one, and the nontransparent ETF model -- of ensuring price accuracy by, um, "Precidian would post the real-time value of its holdings on exchanges" -- feels kludgy and disappointing. On the other hand, the taxation of regular mutual funds really is pretty dumb. What the active managers really want is just an incantation that allows them to run a regular mutual fund, but to be taxed like an ETF. I am sympathetic. In an ideal world, that incantation would just be checking a box that says "I'd like to be taxed like an ETF," rather than having to do weird stuff to look kind of like an ETF.

By the way, the reason people want active ETFs to be nontransparent is to avoid "giving away their proprietary trading strategies to potential copycats," and I always wonder a little if that concern is overblown. Is the worry that someone will "front-run," as it were ("back-run"?) a big fund by seeing what positions it is buying into (over several days) and racing to buy ahead of it? Or is it that, if you have a day-by-day breakdown of how a big famous expensive fund invests, you could build your own generic copycat fund and market it to investors cheaper? "The Schmimco Schmotal Schmeturn Fund follows the same strategy as the leading brand, but at half the management fee!" That would be a fun business, until it's eaten by robots.

Snap votes.

We talked last week about Snap Inc.'s proposed initial public offering, which would give public shareholders non-voting stock and no control over how the company is run. I said that journalists and academics and governance experts love to talk about how bad dual-class share structures are, but then big investors buy into dual-class IPOs anyway, and with no evident price discount. Founders are never really forced to choose between maintaining control and maximizing their economics. So of course they keep doing dual-class IPOs.

But then this article came out about how "T. Rowe Price is pushing back on Snap's plans to only sell non-voting shares in its IPO," and I thought, well, that doesn't mean much. Just because T. Rowe says it is "quietly and persistently" objecting to the dual-class IPO doesn't mean that it will actually pay less for new Snap shares. (T. Rowe is already an investor in Snap via an earlier private investment round.) But it's actually even less meaningful than that: T. Rowe actually went and issued a press release saying that "contrary to certain news reports, T. Rowe Price is not contesting the plan by Snap Inc. to issue non-voting shares in its impending initial public offering." They "generally do not favor proposals that would create disproportionate voting rights," but, you know, for Snap, sure.

If you generally don't like dual-class stock, but you can live with each specific instance of dual-class stock, you will get a lot of dual-class stock. The right way to oppose dual-class stock is to oppose it even in companies you like. But no one is willing to go quite that far.

Elsewhere, "Snapchat Is Justifying Its $20 Billion Valuation by Emphasizing User Engagement." And Snapchat seems to be cracking down on clickbait?

On Snapchat last week, MTV published an article with the headline  Is this the thirstiest person on earth?  The article, which ran on Snapchat s news service, Discover, appeared with a picture of a bikini-clad blond woman taking a selfie, even though the piece was about a fully clothed man. Those kinds of risqu  and misleading images will now be much less prominent on Discover because early on Monday, Snapchat updated its guidelines for publishers in a way that essentially cleans up what is shown on its news service.

That is the state of the media industry in 2017: A messaging service designed to allow college students to share nudes is now exercising its editorial judgment to tell major media companies to maybe cut it out with the misleading bikini pictures.

Reinsurance.

Here's a story about insurance. Basically you buy an insurance policy from Insurer X, and then you submit claims, and Insurer X pays the claims. Or it doesn't -- "all insurers have reasons to minimise claims costs" -- but if it turns you down, you have leverage. Not only can you sue to hold Insurer X to the contract, but you also have a business relationship: If Insurer X wants to sell you another policy, it had better pay your claims on this one. But Insurer X can extract some value by ceding your policy to Reinsurer Y, which has never met you, will never sell you insurance directly, and can feel free to stonewall your claims as far as it's allowed by law. The particular value extraction here comes from not being nice: By transforming the insurer/insured relationship from a customer-service relationship to a pure standoffish contractual relationship, the insurer can make it a bit more profitable.

The fun part of this story is that Insurer X is American International Group, and Reinsurer Y is Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc., and it is funny to think that AIG is too nice and so is calling in Warren Buffett so he can be mean.

Oh, you know, the stuff.

Davos is all-in on Secret Trump Theory:

Executives gathered in the Swiss resort for the World Economic Forum this week keep repeating, like a soothing mantra, that Donald Trump is at heart a pragmatist who will avoid trade wars and regulations that make it harder to do business.  What somebody s saying is not necessarily what they re going to do,  said David Cote, chief executive officer of Honeywell International Inc.

Hey great super. Elsewhere, here's a doomed lawsuit over Trump's likely Emoluments Clause violations. Here's some advice for federal employees. And: "Habitual presidential stock tweeting should increase the component of total portfolio risk associated with individual stock risk." And: "Trump Aide Says Press Secretary Used  Alternative Facts. " And: "China Slams Western Democracy as Flawed." And: "All populists are at heart conspiracy theorists, who pretend that easy solutions exist to society s woes and have only not been tried to date because elites are wicked and deaf to the sturdy common-sense of decent, ordinary folk." And: Trump "gets bored and likes to watch TV." And: Trump apparently plagiarized Obama's inaugural cake.

People are worried about stock buybacks.

One weird thing about stock-buyback worrying is its asymmetry. If you are worried that companies are buying back too many shares, then you should be equally worried that they aren't issuing enough shares. There's nothing magical about the number of shares a company has now. If it's bad for a company to spend $100 million on buybacks instead of on building new factories, why stop there? Why shouldn't the company sell $100 million of stock, and then spend $200 million on factories? Or $300 million? Why is the right amount to spend on factories always the amount of money that the company has now? Facebook recently announced a $6 billion stock buyback, but imagine if Facebook had instead announced a $6 billion stock offering. That would have been much weirder, right?

Here is Bloomberg Gadfly's Lisa Abramowicz on debt-financed buybacks:

This is basically taking money from debt buyers to pad the pockets of equity holders. It has no obvious benefit to the company's long-term prospects; in fact, quite the opposite. As Fitch Ratings said in a report on Thursday, "leveraged share buybacks and other shareholder friendly actions are an ongoing risk to bondholders as borrowing costs remain historically low."

But is the concern here that companies have too much debt and too little equity, or is it just that they have more debt and less equity than they did before the buybacks? If you are a company with $200 of stock and $100 of debt, and you issue $50 of new debt to buy back $50 of stock, then you will have more debt and less stock. But how did we know that $200 of stock and $100 of debt were the right amounts of each? What if that was too conservative, and you were just adjusting your capital structure to get it back to a more normal ratio?

That is to some extent an unanswerable aesthetic question; more realistically, it is a question that can only be answered through the economic cycle. (You'll know, eventually, if you had too much debt!) But it is not particularly obvious that big U.S. public companies have too much debt and too little equity, in historical context:

Source: Bloomberg

I suppose that chart cheats by including financials, but still. Today, S&P 500 companies have debt equal to about 112 percent of their equity. Ten years ago, that number was 213 percent. If you didn't think then that they should issue stock equal to half of their market capitalizations to pay down debt, why would you think now that they shouldn't issue debt to buy back stock?

Me Friday.

I wrote about Wall Street research and "corporate access." It's worth pointing out that the U.K. has gotten rid of this issue: The Financial Conduct Authority banned the use of research payments for corporate access back in 2014. It still seems to be a major driver of research payments in the U.S. though.

Things happen.

Planet Money on Ed Thorp. Odd Lots on Islamic State monetary policy. Myanmar's Yangon Stock Exchange is pretty boring. Central Banks Embrace Risk in Era of Low Rates. Forbes settles long-running takeover dispute. Struggling hedge funds still expense bonuses, bar tabs. Here s Another Way Wells Fargo Took Advantage Of Customers. Quicken Loans, the New Mortgage Machine. How Well Does Running Vanguard Pay? Abu Dhabi Merges State Funds to Form $125 Billion Investment Firm. The tip of the iceberg: the implications of climate change on financial markets. Fannie Mae Shareholders Lose Another Round in Federal Court. The carp industry. Kristen Stewart has co-authored a paper on artificial intelligence. Are There Any Banks on Bank Street? "XL Specialty Insurance Co. asked a New York federal judge Thursday to order a Manhattan art gallery to reimburse the insurer for covering a painting the owner reported stolen when it turns out he merely forgot he had sent it to be reframed." Tinder for adoption. This Crazy Fan Theory About  Jeopardy!  Actually Makes Total Sense. "And there are quite a number of birds that fly."

If you'd like to get Money Stuff in handy e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe at this link. Thanks!

This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.

To contact the author of this story:

Matt Levine at mlevine51@bloomberg.net

To contact the editor responsible for this story:

James Greiff at jgreiff@bloomberg.net Yahoo shares rise after company beats earnings, sales expectations Shares of Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +1.66% rose nearly 2% late Monday after the internet company reported fourth-quarter adjusted earnings and sales above expectations. Yahoo also said the sale of its core business to Verizon is now expected to close in the second quarter instead of in the first quarter "given work required to meet closing conditions," it said in a statement. Yahoo said it earned $162 million in the quarter, or 17 cents a share, versus a loss of $4.43 billion, or $4.70 a share, in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted for one-time items, Yahoo earned 25 cents a share in the quarter, up from 13 cents a share a year ago. Revenue reached $1.47 billion, up from $1.27 billion a year ago. Analysts polled by FactSet had expected the company to report adjusted earnings of 21 cents a share on sales of $907 million in the quarter. Shares ended the regular trading day up 0.8%, which compares with a loss of 0.3% for the S&P 500 index. SPX, +0.07% Yahoo Now Sees Deal With Verizon Closing in 2Q Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. US blocks health insurer Aetna's $34 billion Humana acquisition By Diane Bartz

(Reuters) - A U.S. judge blocked on Monday health insurer Aetna Inc's proposed $34 billion acquisition of smaller peer Humana Inc, raising the stakes for rival Anthem Inc as it battles to close a $54 billion deal to buy Cigna Corp.

The ruling is another victory for the U.S. Justice Department, whose antitrust enforcement became much more aggressive during former U.S. President Barack Obama's eight years in office, which ended last week.

Obama's successor, Donald Trump, and a Republican-controlled legislature are seeking to undo much of the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare. The law reshaped the U.S. healthcare industry by mandating health insurance and creating online exchanges where consumers can shop for individual policies and get subsidies.

Aetna, Humana, Anthem and Cigna had cited Obamacare as one of the main reasons their industry needed to consolidate to cope with the costs of expanding coverage. Their shares ended trading on Monday at levels that suggested that investors continued to see little chance that the two mergers would happen.

The U.S. Justice Department filed a lawsuit last July to block Aetna's acquisition of Humana and Anthem's acquisition of Cigna, arguing that the two deals would lead to higher prices.

Anthem and Cigna are still waiting for a judge to rule on whether their merger can proceed. Investors have long been skeptical that this deal can be approved, and Leerink Research analyst Ana Gupte reiterated on Monday that she expected to also see this deal blocked.

In his ruling, Judge John Bates of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia said the proposed deal would "substantially lessen competition" in the sale of Medicare Advantage plans in 364 counties in 21 states that the Justice Department had identified in its complaint, and on the Obamacare exchange in three Florida counties.

"We're reviewing the opinion now and giving serious consideration to an appeal after putting forward a compelling case," Aetna spokesman T.J. Crawford said. Humana did not respond to a request for comment.

Humana stands to receive a $1 billion breakup fee from Aetna should the deal be abandoned.

Jeffrey Jacobovitz, a litigator at law firm Arnall Golden Gregory LLP, said that appeals at the D.C. Circuit succeed about one-third of the time and can take a year to resolve. He added that it would be difficult, though not impossible, for Aetna to wait for Trump's new antitrust enforcers to be named and then strike a settlement to save the merger, perhaps by offering to divest more assets.

Bates dismissed Aetna's argument that there was plenty of choice for consumers because Medicare Advantage, which is managed by insurance companies, competes with traditional Medicare for the elderly and disabled, which is managed by the government.

"In that (Medicare Advantage) market, which is the primary focus of this case, the merger is presumptively unlawful - a conclusion that is strongly supported by direct evidence of head-to-head competition as well. The companies  rebuttal arguments are not persuasive," Bates wrote in a 158-page decision.

Humana shares ended trading up 2.2 percent at $205.02, as investors brushed off the widely expected ruling. Shares of Cigna, the other health insurer to be acquired, were almost flat at $145.31





SEVERAL DEALS TORPEDOED

Several big deals were torpedoed by antitrust regulators last year, including the $35 billion merger between oil-field service groups Halliburton Co and Baker Hughes Inc and the $6 billion combination of Staples Inc and Office Depot Inc .

Bill Baer, the former head of the Justice Department's antitrust division who initiated the lawsuit to block the Aetna-Humana deal, called the decision "a strong affirmation of the role that competition plays in health insurance markets."

Doctors and hospitals had urged the Justice Department to block the deal, fearing it would erode their pricing power. Some large employers also opposed the combination.

"Today's ruling is a decisive victory for jobs, consumers, and healthcare. Mega mergers like the proposed consolidation of Aetna and Humana raise prices, lower health care quality   and kill jobs," said Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat.

Aetna had offered to sell a portfolio of about 290,000 Medicare Advantage members in 21 states to smaller peer Molina Healthcare Inc for $117 million, but that deal failed to appease Judge Bates.

Read More Earnings: Last Call for Yahoo? Johnson & Johnson, Alibaba Also Release This Week Earnings season kicks into high gear this week with a number of big names reporting. Among the Monday releases, YYahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) will report what may be its last quarterly earnings numbers, as its pending acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), announced in July 2016, moves toward completion.

On Tuesday before the opening bell, pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and Chinese e-commerce heavyweight Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) offer up a fresh look at their earnings and revenue figures.

Yahoo Swan Song?

In the previous quarter, some analysts said at the time that they were more interested in what the next chapter of YHOO might look like than they were in the earnings numbers. This time around, in what could be the last quarter that sees YHOO operating as an independent company, the earnings story may not necessarily be the top story either.

Last July, VZ offered $4.8 billion to acquire YHOO s core business. A couple months later, in September, YHOO announced a data breach that may have compromised at least 500 million user accounts. It remains unclear whether the security breach will impact the terms of the deal, which was initially scheduled to close in the first quarter of 2017.

Because of the timing, YHOO has said it will not hold a conference call after the earnings results are announced.

For the quarter, the consensus estimate from analysts reporting to Thomson Reuters Corp (NYSE: TRI) is $0.21 per share, up from $0.13 a share a year ago. Revenue is projected to rise slightly to $1.38 billion from $1.3 billion last year.

The options market has priced in an expected share price move of 4.2% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move  indicator on the thinkorswim  platform from TD Ameritrade.

Call activity has been seen at the weekly 43 strike while put activity has concentrated at the 40.50 strike. The implied volatility lies at the 29th percentile. (Please remember past performance is no guarantee of future results.)

Note: Call options represent the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Put options represent the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time.

JNJ s Drug Business

JNJ s baby-care, oral-care and skin-care consumer products are likely crowding the medicine cabinets of many households across the U.S., but since 2014, it is its pharma products that ring up the most revenues. JNJ has a handful of drugs that are either nearing maturity or recently off-patent, but with others having been newly-released, some analysts are watching those numbers carefully.

New product launches of oncology drugs Imbruvica and Darzalex might help grow top-line sales, as might its immunology drugs Stelara and Simponi, as well as blood thinner Xarelto. But as some analysts point out, biosimilar versions of some of these drugs from competitors may have an impact.

These recent launches may help offset declining sales of Olysio, the hepatitis C virus (HCV) treatment, and antipsychotic drug Invega, both of which face growing competition from other name drugs and generic brands.

Analysts reporting to Thomson Reuters are forecasting earnings of $1.56 share, about an 8% increase over the year-ago profit. Revenue is expected to strengthen to $18.3 billion from $17.8 billion a year ago.

The options market has priced in an expected share price move of about 1.7% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move  indicator on the thinkorswim  platform.

Call activity has been seen at the weekly 115 strike, with puts active at the monthly 115 and 110 strikes. The implied volatility sits in the lower half at the 23rd percentile. (Please remember past performance is no guarantee of future results.)

BABA s Record Revenues?

The China-based e-commerce giant considered by many to be a proxy for consumption in China is expected by some analysts to deliver record revenues, boosted by better site traffic and purchases, strong growth in its cloud business, and better trends in digital media like the online video-streaming business, Youku Tudou, which was acquired by Alibaba last year.

A handful of analysts have said in recent notes that, based on their proprietary data, they believe BABA s online marketing revenue for China retail business may grow at a rate exceeding 40%. Much of that, they say, looks to be generated from better sales of apparel, household products, and baby, children and maternity items.

Others, meanwhile, say they re expecting businesses like cloud computing and digital media to rise by triple-digit percentage points. Overall, some analysts are forecasting total earnings growth rates in the 30% to 40% range. Some note, too, that the December quarter has typically been a big one, partly because of the Nov. 11 Singles  Day shopping event BABA created in 2009. Last year s extravaganza rang up a record 120.7 billion yuan ($17.55 billion) worth of merchandise that BABA claimed was 32% higher than the year-ago period.

As for the conference call, some analysts say they expect to hear more about BABA s foray into bricks-and-mortar stores as an avenue for greater distribution. Earlier this month, BABA announced that it was working on a deal to become the controlling shareholder of China s Intime Retail Group, which operates 29 department stores and 17 shopping malls.

Other analysts say they are listening for greater insight into BABA s cloud-computing business, which it said had a 130% year-over-year jump in revenue in the quarter that ended in September. Other businesses that BABA could comment on include its digital and entertainment division, which produces romantic comedies along with other programs, and its logistic operations, Cainiao Network.

And then there are the expectations for BABA s partnership with the International Olympic Committee. Last week, BABA announced that it had inked a long-term deal to become the official cloud services and e-commerce platform services, as well as founding partner of the Olympic Channel.

For the quarter, analysts reporting to Thomson Reuters forecast per-share earnings of 7.75 yuan, or $1.13, roughly 21% higher than the year-ago period. Revenue is anticipated to hit 50.3 billion yuan, or $7.32 billion, a near 46% run higher.

The options market has priced in an expected share price move of just over 4.2% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move  indicator on the thinkorswim  platform.

Call activity has been seen at the weekly 95 and 100 strikes while put have been active at the monthly 95 strike. The implied volatility lies at 30th percentile. (Please remember past performance is no guarantee of future results.)

Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Earnings Price Target Previews Options Retail Sales M&A

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. What to Expect from eBay Inc. (EBAY) this Earnings Season? eBay Inc. EBAY will report fourth-quarter 2016 earnings on Jan 25 after the bell. Over the last one year, the stock has underperformed the Zacks Internet - Commerce industry. It has gained 17.24% compared with the industry s gain of 31.31%.

The company has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) and an Earnings ESP of 0.00%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.

eBay Inc. Price and EPS Surprise

eBay Inc. Price and EPS Surprise | eBay Inc. Quote

Per our proven model, a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) to beat estimates. We don t recommend Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or #5) going into the earnings announcement.

However, eBay s surprise history has been much impressive, since the company has beaten estimates in three of the last four quarters and matched estimates on one occasion.

What Happened Last Quarter

eBay s third-quarter earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate on revenues that also beat estimates. The results were driven by continuous strong performance across Marketplace, StubHub and Classifieds. The company added 1 million active buyers in the third quarter taking the total to 165 million.

What We Are Watching

Last quarter, eBay acquired Corrigon Ltd., which it expects will contribute significantly to its Marketplace platform's structured data initiative. It also closed the acquisitions of Ticket Utils and TicketbiS that are expected to improve seller tools.

The company added Qualcomm, Mattel, Fender and Magic Chef to its strategic brand partner s list to attract more customers to its online properties. It rolled out curated experiences in Fashion, Home and Garden and eBay ShopBot on Facebook Messenger for a better user experience.

StubHub rolled out a combined primary and secondary ticket experience for the Philadelphia 76ers, and enabled users to obtain support through a Skype chatbot. Seller hub continued to drive more engagement from consumer sellers.

eBay sold most of its stake in MercadoLibre, Inc., a move that is expected to realize considerable gain on investment.

Summing Up

eBay s unique capabilities backed by technological improvements give it an edge over competitors. We remain positive about the pace of building a solid foundation of structured data and artificial intelligence, increasing personalizing capacities and enhancing mobile experience.

Stocks to Consider

You could consider the following stocks with a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank:

Seagate Technology plc STX, with an Earnings ESP of +1.87% and Zacks Rank #1. You can see the complete list of today s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.

Corning Incorporated GLW, with an Earnings ESP of +2.27% and a Zacks Rank #2.

Microsoft Corporation MSFT, with an Earnings ESP of +1.28% and a Zacks Rank #2.

Zacks' Top Investment Ideas for Long-Term Profit

How would you like to see our best recommendations to help you find today s most promising long-term stocks? Starting now, you can look inside our portfolios featuring stocks under $10, income stocks, value investments and more. These picks, which have double and triple-digit profit potential, are rarely available to the public. But you can see them now. Click here >>



Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report



Seagate Technology PLC (STX): Free Stock Analysis Report



eBay Inc. (EBAY): Free Stock Analysis Report



Microsoft Corp. (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Report



Corning Inc. (GLW): Free Stock Analysis Report



To read this article on Zacks.com click here.



Zacks Investment Research Yahoo reports Q4 GAAP earnings per share $0.17  
2017-01-24
Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Heffx Trading Outlook Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Heffx Trading Outlook

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

The projected upper bound is: 44.36.

The projected lower bound is: 40.49.

The projected closing price is: 42.42.

Candlesticks

A big white candle occurred. This is generally considered bullish, as prices closed significantly higher than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are  low,  it may be the first sign of a bottom. If it occurs when prices are rebounding off of a support area (e.g., a moving average, trendline, or retracement level), the long white candle adds credibility to the support. Similarly, if the candle appears during a breakout above a resistance area, the long white candle adds credibility to the breakout.

During the past 10 bars, there have been 6 white candles and 4 black candles for a net of 2 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 26 white candles and 24 black candles for a net of 2 white candles.

An engulfing bullish line occurred (where a white candle s real body completely contains the previous black candle s real body). The engulfing bullish pattern is bullish during a downtrend. It then signifies that the momentum may be shifting from the bears to the bulls.

If the engulfing bullish pattern occurs during an uptrend (which appears to be the case with YAHOO! INC), it may be a last engulfing top which indicates a top. The test to see if this is the case is if the next candle closes below the top of the current (white) candle s real body.

Momentum Indicators

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 55.5955. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 4 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 64.06. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 92 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 59. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 6 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 13 period(s) ago.

Rex Takasugi   TD Profile

YAHOO! INC closed up 0.350 at 42.400. Volume was 33% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 85% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

41.950 42.450 41.840 42.400 13,662,837

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 42.12 40.58 39.85

Volatility: 17 31 29

Volume: 6,694,684 10,114,241 11,341,524

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

YAHOO! INC is currently 6.4% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is extremely low when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that there will be an increase in volatility along with sharp price fluctuations in the near future. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into YHOO.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on YHOO.O and have had this outlook for the last 10 periods. Yahoo, Verizon Delay Merger Close Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Verizon stays mum on Yahoo as customer growth rebounds Josh Miller/CNET

No really Verizon, how do you feel about Yahoo?

In Verizon's fourth-quarter report on Tuesday, references to Yahoo, which the telecom giant agreed to acquired for $4.8 billion, are buried near the end with little additional insight.

You could forgive Verizon for being skittish when it comes to talking about Yahoo, a business it once coveted for its user base and media properties, but where it now sees only controversy. While Verizon would say only that it's working with the internet portal to assess the damage from its data breaches, Yahoo said Monday it believes the deal will be consummated despite a delay.

"The opportunities ahead with Verizon look bright," Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer said in a statement.

Verizon was comparatively more terse: "We have not reached any final conclusions yet," Chief Financial Officer Matt Ellis said on a conference call with analysts.

Those opportunities have probably dimmed a bit from July, when Verizon first announced the planned takeover. Since then, Yahoo has disclosed that it was the victim of the two largest hacks in history, and it is reportedly under investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission over allegations that it didn't move fast enough to tell investors about its security problems.

Yahoo was supposed to be the linchpin to Verizon's efforts to transform its business away from that of a mere carrier. It isn't interested in delivering just home internet, TV and wireless services anymore; it wants to take advantage of the exploding ad market by creating content, delivered through a variety of avenues including its mobile app Go90. Yahoo was supposed to bring more than a billion eyeballs for those ads.

Ethan Miller, Getty Images

When you look at Verizon's quarterly results, it's clear why the New York telecommunications company is so keen to make the change.

Verizon added a net 167,000 new phone customers in the fourth quarter. It's an improvement from the decline of 36,000 phone customers in the third quarter, but still far behind the 933,000 postpaid customers -- people who pay at the end of the month -- that T-Mobile added in the same period.

The results underscore the continuing competitive environment in the wireless business, which was heightened by availability of a new iPhone and related promotions offered by each of the carriers. Verizon had long considered itself above the fray, with its reputation for network quality justifying its premium price. But the results from the last few quarters suggest T-Mobile and Sprint have been successful at picking off subscribers.

Indeed, Verizon had to roll out aggressive promotions to stay competitive, a move that hurt its profits, according to Jeffries analyst Mike McCormack. He noted that overall phone growth was still weaker with the turnover rate higher than expected.

Verizon blamed the higher customer turnover rate on more tablet customers dropping off the service. Many of those customers got free tablets in exchange for a commitment to pay for wireless service, and likely canceled the connection when their commitment period ran out.

For the fourth quarter, Verizon posted a profit of $4.6 billion, or $1.10 a share. Excluding one-time items, earnings were 86 cents a share, compared with 89 cents a year ago. Revenue fell 5.6 percent to $32.3 billion.

The company was slated to earning 89 cents a share on revenue of $32.09 billion, according to Yahoo Finance.

Verizon shares fell 3.6 percent to $50.53 in premarket trading on Tuesday.

Updated at 6:06 a.m. PT: To include an additional comment from Verizon's CFO and analyst comments.

Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Check it out here.



Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. Take a look here. Verizon CFO says co has not reached any final conclusions on Yahoo deal  
2017-03-16
Option Market: Yahoo! Inc Risk Hits A Depressed Level 

Option Market: Yahoo! Inc Risk Hits A Depressed Level





Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Risk Hits A Depressed Level

2017-03-16





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories (CMLviz) based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) .In the "Why This Matters" sectionon Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actuallyin successful option trading than many people know. The whole concept of an "option trading expert" is vastly over complicated and we'll talk about how superior returns are earned.But first, let's turn back to YHOO and the company's risk rating:We also take a peek at the implied vol for the Technology ETF (XLK), our broad based proxy for YHOO.

S&P 500 IV30 9% Nasdaq 100 IV30 9.99% XLK IV30 10.32% YHOO HV 30 12.48% YHOO Current IV30 19.49% 52 Week Low IV30 17.22% 52 Week High IV30 50.72%

YHOO

Current IV30 YHOO

Low IV30 YHOO

High IV30 19.5% 17.2% 50.7%

The risk as reflected by the option market has hit a depressed level relative to the company's past. The option market reflects a 95% confidence interval stock price range of ($44.40, $48.60) within the next 30 calendar days.While the option market risk rating is on the low side, we note that companies in this situation are still susceptible to sudden stock move risk, it's simply theof that large stock move is depressed. Buyers of options and volatility may find these prices more attractive than at other times.The IV30  is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the next 30 calendar days -- it's forward looking. Yahoo! Inc shows an IV30 of 19.5%, which is a depressed level for the company relative to its past.The option market for YHOO has shown an IV30 annual low of 17.2% and an annual high of 50.7%, meaning that YHOO is at the 7% percentile right now. Here's a table of the data before we dig into the risk rating further.

The option market reflects extremeley less risk in the next 30 calendar days for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) than on average.

 

 

 

 

 

 

+20.5%

Further, if we look backwards, the stock has a realized 30-day historical volatility, called the HV30, of 12.48%.We have an unusual situation now where the IV30 is extremely depressed relative to the past, but even with that risk pricing, the option market reflects the likelihood of more stock movement in the next 30-days than it has in the last 30-days. Let's turn to a chart to see what's going on.The YHOO risk rating is at 1.5, where the rating goes from one (the lowest risk) to five (the highest risk). The driving factors for the 1.5 rating are:The IV30 is below the 20th percentile.The IV30 is below 30%.The HV30 is below the 20th percentile.The HV30 is below 30%.The IV30 is above the HV30.The stock has movedover the last 3-months which does indicate some elevated risk. Yahoo Inc (YHOO) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Lisa Utzschneider Sells 25685 ... Yahoo Inc (YHOO): Lisa Utzschneider , Chief Revenue Officer of Yahoo Inc sold 25,685 shares on Mar 10, 2017. The Insider selling transaction was reported by the company on Mar 14, 2017 to the Securities and Exchange Commission. The shares were sold at $46.04 per share for a total value of $1,180,019.00 , the company said in a SEC Form 4 Filing.

Other Insider transactions have been reported by the company according to SEC Form 4, on Mar 7, 2017, Lisa Utzschneider (Chief Revenue Officer) sold 909 shares at $45.88 per share price.On May 5, 2016, Kenneth A Goldman (Chief Financial Officer) sold 200,000 shares at $36.10 per share price.Also, On Apr 20, 2015, Marissa A Mayer (Chief Executive Officer) sold 100,000 shares at $46.00 per share price.On Feb 10, 2015, H Lee Jr Scott (director) purchased 15,000 shares at $43.01 per share price.

Yahoo!: On Friday, Mar 10, 2017 heightened volatility was witnessed in Yahoo! which led to swings in the share price. The shares opened for trading at $46.2 and hit $46.2 on the upside , eventually ending the session at $45.98, with a gain of 0.09% or 0.04 points. The heightened volatility saw the trading volume jump to 38,24,529 shares. The 52-week high of the share price is $46.72 and the company has a market cap of $43,979 M . The 52-week low of the share price is at $32.09.

Yahoo! Inc. is a technology company. The Company is engaged in providing Internet search communication and digital content. The Company manages its business geographically: the Americas; Europe the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific. The Company s products include Search Communications Digital content Flickr and Tumblr. Yahoo Search is a search engine serves as a starting point to navigate the Internet and discover information which is ranked and organized -based on their relevance to the query. Yahoo Mail connects users across mobile phones tablets and PC. Yahoo.com offers news and information including Yahoo original content and partner content. Flickr is a Web and mobile photo management and sharing service. Tumblr offers a Web platform and mobile applications (particularly on the iOS and Android platforms) that allow users to create share and curate content. Yahoo is also a digital publisher and advertising technology provider. Analysts Near-Term outlook: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) rating on Tuesday, July 19. The brokerage now has a $135.00 price objective on the stock, up from their previous price objective of $95.00.

A total of 40 brokerages have issued a ratings update on Netflix. The company reported its last quarter on Dec 16. The company plans to invest $6 billion in original content this year. Finally, Brean Capital started coverage on shares of Netflix in a research report on Monday, November 21st.

Several other analysts also recently weighed in on the company. The majority of both groups said that the shows they watch the most on Netflix were the high-quality original shows the company has been lauded for, making most customers accepting of moderate price increases.

03/11/2017 - Netflix, Inc. had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Wedbush.

03/11/2017 - Netflix, Inc. had its "buy" rating reiterated by analysts at MKM Partners.

1/28/2017-William Blair Reiterated Rating of Outperform. Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated an "overweight" rating and set a $135.00 price objective on shares of Netflix in a research note on Friday, December 16th. The stock was rated "Hold" by 5 analysts in current phase, 2 analysts rated at "Overweight", while 0 experts rated it as a "Sell" security. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Georgia-based Invesco Limited has invested 0.15% in Netflix, Inc.

The stock's 50 day moving average is 141.82 and its 200 day moving average is 122.23. Netflix has a 52 week low of $84.50 and a 52 week high of $145.95. (NASDAQ:NFLX) was down -0.23% during the last day of trading, with a day high of 143.31.

The Internet television network reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.13 by $0.02. Netflix had a net margin of 2.11% and a return on equity of 7.51%. The firm's quarterly revenue was up 35.9% compared to the same quarter a year ago. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.10 EPS. Netflix's quarterly revenue was up 35.9% compared to the same quarter previous year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Netflix will post $1.14 EPS for the current year. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and worldwide copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at [[permalink]]. $724,123 worth of stock was sold by HYMAN DAVID A on Friday, February 10. They now have a United States dollars 159 price target on the stock. The volume of 4.65 Million shares climbed down over an trading activity of 6.2 Million shares. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Gregory K. Peters sold 16,667 shares of the business's stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The company has a consensus rating of "Hold" and an average target price of $133.68. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 39,214 shares of the company's stock, valued at $5,673,481.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here.

The latest Insider trade was made on 28 Feb 2017 where Hunt (Neil D) Officer did a transaction type "Buy" in which 2404 shares were traded at a price of $14.55.

The Company now has Insider ownership of 0.1 Percent and Institutional Ownership of 83.9 Percent. Capital Research Global Investors increased its stake in shares of Netflix by 3.6% in the third quarter. The corporation has a market cap of US$61.47 Billion.

For the next year first quarter, analysts predicted EPS estimates trend of $0.23 which would leave an impact on the stock performance in coming months.

Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Netflix by 3.8% in the fourth quarter. Yahoo Inc Hack Criminals Indicted for 2014 Attacks Yahoo! Inc. NASDAQ: YHOO

The US charged two Russian intel agents and two hackers with being behind the 2014 hack of 500 million Yahoo Inc accounts. This was the first time the U.S. government criminally charged Russian spies for cyber crimes.

The Justice Department made a 47-count indictment against the two Russians. The paperwork charges the two with conspiracy, computer abuse and fraud and wire fraud, among other crimes.

Yahoo Inc CEO Marissa Mayer and the company s top lawyer faced punishment after two massive security breaches occurred in 2014. The breaches exposed the personal info of over one billion users. The breaches cost Yahoo $350 million so far.

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will not receive an annual bonus or stock awards. An internal team found her management team did not act quickly enough once the 2014 breach came to light. The company s general counsel, Ronald Bell, quit without severance pay. Still, the investigative report did not name the negligent executives.

But the report writers blamed Yahoo s legal team for not looking deeply into the breach. We reported before that Verizon Communications Inc will buy Yahoo Inc s core business for $4.48 billion. The amount represents a $350 million decrease after two huge cyber attacks against Yahoo. The companies signed the deal two days ago, after weeks of talks between senior officials. A week ago, the leaders agreed to the deal in principle.

The agreement included a liability sharing agreement. Verizon Communications Inc held brand studies. These studies found that people still held Yahoo in high regard after the hacks. Verizon continued to pursue the deal since it made strategic sense.

The deal will give Verizon more than 1 billion users and a treasure trove of data. Before the deal took place, the companies struggled to reach an agreement. Verizon Communications Inc reduced Yahoo deal amount by $350 million. The original cost totaled $4.8 billion. The smaller amount surprised investors. Still the terms required Altaba to take on future liability for security breaches.

That includes those unknown right now. In fact, Yahoo warned some users of a  forged cookie  attack that happened late last year. Forged cookies permit access to some user info. The hacks spurred lawsuits. Nevertheless, the deal will close by April. Yahoo announced this time frame in the recent past. The company plans to integrate with Verizon s AOL operations.

As we reported previously, Business Insider said Yahoo delayed the closing of its $4 billion plus acquisition deal with Verizon. The internet company cited additional work to meet closing conditions. The company said the deal would wrap up by the first quarter of 2017.

They did not go into detail regarding the delay. However, an inside source said Verizon is working with Yahoo Inc to resolve questions from recent hacks. In addition, both companies continue to work on how to meld their operations together.

But time began to run out when we last reported on the deal. Either company can back out of the deal or extend the process by a quarter. But if the deal falls through, Yahoo Inc will get slapped with a $144.8m fee. A fee it may not be able to afford. That s because fourth quarter revenue came in at $960.1 million.

Yahoo Inc Faced Large Charge

The company cannot afford such a hefty charge based on current revenue levels. The news of Yahoo s 2013 and 2014 hacking incidents set them back quite a bit. The praise comes despite the challenges the company faced in the last year. Verizon reduced Yahoo Inc deal as filings show a bright spot in Yahoo s financials.

Revenue from its mobile, social ads and video section rose to nearly $600 million. Analysts believe the reports show the company can become leaner, but the company s internet search business continues to decline.

Source: Reuters Yahoo Security Lapses Laid Bare Even as Russia Blamed for Hack When it comes to Yahoo s massive security breach, the company was right about one thing.

Yahoo! Inc. has been saying since September that a state-sponsored actor was behind a hack in 2014 that compromised about 500 million of its user accounts, even as some security experts cast doubt on that claim. Yahoo gained a measure of vindication Wednesday when the U.S. government laid out charges against four individuals allegedly acting at the behest of the Russian government when they broke into Yahoo s computer systems.

"The indictment unequivocally shows the attacks on Yahoo were state-sponsored," the company said. "We are deeply grateful to the FBI for investigating these crimes and the DOJ for bringing charges against those responsible."

Yahoo is not alone in meeting skepticism for asserting a hacking attack was the work of a foreign government. Companies sometimes make that claim, in some cases to help collect on cyber-insurance payouts or for a waiver from the U.S. government allowing them to keep the incursion secret while it s investigated on national security grounds.

In Yahoo s case, there was also a merger on the line. The company had in July agreed to sell its Internet properties to Verizon Communications Inc., and any evidence that the company had been lax in keeping user data secure might give its new owner cause to revisit terms of the deal. A state-backed attack led by elite hackers, on the other hand, can be more difficult to repel -- or so a company can argue.

"You re pitting U.S. corporations against state-sponsored activity," said Jim Pastore, a member of Debevoise & Plimpton s Cybersecurity & Data Privacy practice and Intellectual Property Litigation Group. "And no matter how good you are as a company, that is an unfair battle."

Even as the indictments show a sophisticated and comprehensive attack, they also reveal new details about the lapses that left Yahoo vulnerable to criticism that it failed to adequately shore up accounts -- and ultimately prompted Verizon to renegotiate terms of its planned acquisition.

The document outlined for the first time how deeply Yahoo s internal systems were compromised by the attackers. Most crucially, the hackers were able to access Yahoo s computers for managing user information, which included the cryptographic values assigned to each user and needed to generate the files known as cookies. These pieces of data can be used to identify a particular user and associate that person s account to Yahoo s servers as well as sites visited across the web. The attackers were able to create their own cookies, thus allowing them to bypass Yahoo s login security protocols for any targeted accounts.

"They come off looking relatively lax on security," said Stephen Beck, founder of management consultancy cg42.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Yahoo had already admitted to missteps, allowing the hackers to access its user database and clone the cookies that let them easily enter and rifle through as many as 32 million accounts without even needing the passwords. And in December, the company announced an earlier and bigger breach, involving 1 billion user accounts, which was discovered by Andrew Komarov, chief intelligence officer for InfoArmor, a security company, who had been tracking the spammers who orchestrated that incursion.

Yahoo General Counsel Ronald Bell resigned earlier this month after an investigation found his legal team didn t adequately investigate leads about Yahoo s security issues, and Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer wasn t given a cash bonus.

An investigation by Yahoo s board found that senior executives knew about the hacking in 2014 but that it "was not properly investigated and analyzed," the company said in a filing this month. Yahoo notified just 26 people whose accounts were infiltrated.

The board found that "failures in communication, management, inquiry and internal reporting contributed to the lack of proper comprehension and handling" of the breach, according to the filing.

The Justice Department s revelations Wednesday served to reinforce those findings. 
2017-03-17
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Yahoo! Inc ... NEW YORK, March 17, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The following statement is being issued by Levi & Korsinsky, LLP:



To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016.

You are hereby notified that a securities class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of California. To get more information go to:

http://www.zlk.com/pslra/yahoo

or contact Joseph E. Levi, Esq. either via email at jlevi@levikorsinsky.com or by telephone at (212) 363-7500, toll-free: (877) 363-5972. There is no cost or obligation to you.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo! disclosed that hackers stole information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 3 percent. Then, on December 14, 2016, Defendants disclosed that in August 2013 hackers stole information on more than 1 billion user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo shares down more than 6 percent.

If you suffered a loss in Yahoo! you have until March 27, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn t require that you serve as a lead plaintiff.

Levi & Korsinsky is a national firm with offices in New York, California, Connecticut, and Washington D.C. The firm s attorneys have extensive expertise and experience representing investors in securities litigation, and have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for aggrieved shareholders. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Canadian Man Charged in Yahoo Hack Loves Fancy Cars, Parties The Canadian charged in connection with a massive hack of Yahoo accounts that the United States says was a Russian plot is a young man who has boasted on social media of his wealth and love of expensive cars, online accounts show.

Karim Baratov, a 22-year-old dual Kazakh-Canadian citizen, is fighting extradition to face U.S. charges he was paid by Russian intelligence agents to break into email accounts. The 2014 theft of 500 million Yahoo Inc accounts was at the time the largest ever such breach.

Speaking by text message, Baratov's lawyer, Amedeo DiCarlo, said on Friday that his client denies all the allegations. He called Baratov a "political scapegoat" and added he "is healthy and confident."

Canadian police arrested and detained Baratov on Tuesday in Hamilton, Ontario. DiCarlo also spoke to reporters outside the Hamilton court where Baratov was due to appear via video on Friday, adding that a bail hearing was to be set for April 5.

Baratov was one of four people charged in a U.S. Justice Department indictment on Wednesday that portrayed Russian security services as having worked hand-in-hand with cyber criminals in the Yahoo case. U.S. authorities are seeking his extradition and have up to 60 days to prepare their case prior to an extradition hearing; until then, Baratov's arrest is provisional.

Baratov has an extensive presence on social media, especially in online groups devoted to exotic-car aficionados.

On sites including Facebook and Instagram, photos show him posing in front of a string of high-end cars bearing his personalized license plates.

He also boasts of having paid off a mortgage while still in high school and of having sold an internet company for $20 million as a teen. Reuters has been unable to verify either of those claims, and his lawyer did not respond to specific queries about them.

Neighbors said they knew Baratov as a young man who threw parties with attendees' fancy cars stretching up and down the block.

On his Instagram account, Baratov is seen partying in Toronto nightclubs, flexing his muscles and talking about workouts and taking supplements.

Silvia, a 66-year-old retired hospital worker who lives around the corner from Baratov and who declined to give her last name, said that last Halloween he gave her trick-or-treating grandson and other children a fistful of U.S. dollar bills.

"It was weird," she said.

DiCarlo declined to comment when asked what Baratov did to support his lifestyle.

On Thursday, nobody answered the phone or responded to knocks at the door of the two-storey house on Chamber Drive in Hamilton, a city 75 kilometers (45 miles) west of Toronto where Baratov lives.

The Toronto Star newspaper reported that the house had been listed for sale on Monday for C$930,000 ($698,146) but was abruptly de-listed on Wednesday. Neighbors said the "For Sale" sign was taken down the same day.

Two men and a woman who arrived at the house on Thursday and said they were looking to buy the house were shown inside by a man who told Reuters he was brokering a potential sale.

Baratov lives alone in the three-bedroom house, neighbors said, but his parents sometimes visit. They said his father, who was there when Baratov was arrested, helped him move in, in the summer of 2015, and was sometimes was seen shoveling snow from his son's sidewalk. Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on The Bank of New York Mellon ... The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE:BK) gained 0.29% with the closing price of $48.47. The overall volume in the last trading session was 3.63 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE:BK) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at   in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 5.21 and sector s optimum level is 0.39.

The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BK) have shown a high EPS growth of 9.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 16.30% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.60 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $49.33 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.13% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $48.47 a share and the price is up more than 2.73% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.42 vs. an industry average at 2.17. Its sales stood at -0.10% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $46.61 with the rising stream of 0.69% and its total traded volume was 3.57 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.48 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.66. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $46.61, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.41, compared to an industry average at 5.51. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $47.00 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 12.39% in three months and is up 1.46% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.50. 
2017-03-23
DEADLINE ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class ... NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC reminds investors that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo  or the  Company ) (YHOO) and certain of its officers, on behalf of shareholders who purchased Yahoo securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, inclusive (the  Class Period ). Such investors are encouraged to join this case by visiting the firm s site: http://www.bgandg.com/yhoo4.

This class action seeks to recover damages against Defendants for alleged violations of the federal securities laws under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

First on September 22, 2016, Yahoo announced that hackers had obtained information in late 2014 on over 500 million Yahoo accounts. Then, on December 14, 2016, after market hours, Yahoo revealed that over 1 billion user accounts were compromised during an August 2013 data breach. After this announcement, Verizon Communications Inc. stated that it would consider amending the terms of its upcoming deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach. Following this news, Yahoo stock dropped $2.50 per share or 6.11% to a close at $38.41 on December 15, 2016.

A class action lawsuit has already been filed. If you wish to review a copy of the Complaint you can visit the firm s site: http://www.bgandg.com/yhoo4 or you may contact Peretz Bronstein, Esq. or his Investor Relations Analyst, Yael Hurwitz of Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC at 212-697-6484. If you suffered a loss in Yahoo you have until March 27, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn't require that you serve as a lead plaintiff.

Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is a corporate litigation boutique. Our primary expertise is the aggressive pursuit of litigation claims on behalf of our clients. In addition to representing institutions and other investor plaintiffs in class action security litigation, the firm s expertise includes general corporate and commercial litigation, as well as securities arbitration. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), State Street Corporation ... Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) surged 0.63% to $46.06. During the trading on 03/22/2017, Company s stock ranged from $46.14 to $45.60.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 55.85 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock have an ABR of 2.29. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 0.08 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) share price increased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $47.19. The stock was trading on below-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 6.67 million shares. The share price is now up 19.89% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 3.06% above its 50-day moving average and 10.91% above its 200-day moving average.

On 03/22/2017 close, State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) rose 0.63% to $76.79. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $29.33B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $86.03 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume above than average, State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) previous 52-week high was $83.49 and moved up 32.34% over the same period, trading at a volume of 2.5 million. Shares have risen 10.88% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading -3.14% below its SMA 50 and 7.95% above its SMA 200. Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) stock price is Worth at $46.06 while ends Wednesday with ...  
2017-02-10
Digging Up the Facts on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $45.08, up from yesterday s close by 0.02%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

No amount of research is complete without a bird s eye view of the financial data. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently trades with a market capitalization of $42.99 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 15.37 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For YHOO, the company currently has $1.12 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $- current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.01 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to hold steady in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.08 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 1.77% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

It s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how YHOO has been acting. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Yahoo! Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $45.19. It is now trading 0.11% off that level. The stock is trading $41.49 its 50-day moving average by -3.59%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $26.15.

In recent action, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has made a move of +5.85% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 23.91, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 5.45% with $880.47 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of YHOO. Morgan & Morgan Gets Lead In Yahoo Data Breach MDL PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Firms Fight To Lead Yahoo Data Breach MDL Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Twitter Is The New Yahoo (So Where's The Bailout?)  Judge Taps Plaintiffs Firms to Lead Yahoo Data Breach Cases Thank you for sharing!

Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided. Magellan Petroleum Corporation and Tellurian Investments Inc. Finalize Merger HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - February 10, 2017) - Tellurian Inc. ("Tellurian"), formerly known as Magellan Petroleum Corporation ("Magellan") (MPET), announced today that it has closed its merger with Tellurian Investments Inc. Tellurian's common stock will continue to trade on the NASDAQ under the new ticker symbol "TELL" (NASDAQ:TELL). As part of finalizing the merger, Tellurian has appointed Antoine Lafargue as chief financial officer. Mr. Lafargue was previously the chief executive officer of Magellan.

Meg Gentle, Tellurian's President and CEO, said: "We look forward to creating value for our shareholders by delivering clean, low-cost, and reliable liquefied natural gas ("LNG") to the global market. We are developing large scale energy infrastructure on the U.S. Gulf Coast, including the 26 million tonnes per annum Driftwood LNG facility in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, which is scheduled to begin construction in 2018. We expect our next major milestone to be filing our formal permit application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for Driftwood LNG. We appreciate the local, state and federal support for this project and anticipate an efficient regulatory review of the application."

Added Lafargue, "With the closing of this transaction, the efforts of the board of directors of Magellan Petroleum Corporation conclude and a new chapter in the long history of the company can commence. From William F. Buckley Sr. to the new leadership team at Tellurian, unique vision and exceptional execution will continue to drive value for shareholders."

A new CUSIP number of 87968A104 has been assigned to the common stock in connection with the merger. Additional information can be found in Tellurian's definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on January 13, 2017 and its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2017, each available at www.sec.gov and at www.tellurianinc.com under the Financial Results and Filings tab located on the Investors page.

About Tellurian

Tellurian Investments Inc. was founded as a private company on February 23, 2016, by Charif Souki and Martin Houston. On February 10, 2017, it merged with a wholly owned subsidiary of Magellan Petroleum Corporation. Upon close of the merger, Magellan Petroleum Corporation changed its name to Tellurian Inc. (Tellurian), and is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol TELL. The employees and contractors of Tellurian are experienced industry experts developing low-cost LNG infrastructure projects along the United States Gulf Coast. The team plans to deliver low-cost LNG to customers from Driftwood LNG, a 26 million tonnes per annum liquefied natural gas export facility expected to become operational in 2022.

For more information, please see the company's website at www.tellurianinc.com.

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. The words "believe", "expect", "intend", "plan", "potential", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements herein relate to, among other things, the performance, timing and permitting of Tellurian's Driftwood LNG project. These statements involve a number of known and unknown risks, which may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These risks include uncertainties about the development and performance of Driftwood LNG project and other matters discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed by Tellurian Investments Inc. on January 13, 2017, and other filings with the SEC, all of which are incorporated by reference herein. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak as of the date of this release. Although Tellurian may from time to time voluntarily update its prior forward-looking statements, it disclaims any commitment to do so except as required by securities laws. 
2017-01-06
Yahoo! Inc.: YHOO Stock Is Setting Up for a Run By Patrick Brik, BAS Published : January 6, 2017

YHOO Stock: A Breakout Is Imminent

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock is setting up to make a bullish move, and I have been waiting for Yahoo stock to complete a price pattern that will indicate when the next run is set to take place.

This is the same pattern that I highlighted in my previous publication regarding Yahoo stock, on November 29, 2016. Over a month has passed and Yahoo stock continues to trade within the confines of this pattern. I am beginning to lose patience, so this probably means that a resolution to this pattern is only moments away.

For those not familiar with my work, I use technical analysis to analyze potential investments and create investment strategies. Technical analysis uses past volume and price data to discern trends and forecast future prices. The method of analysis is timely and has been instrumental in quantifying my level of risk.

The following Yahoo stock chart illustrates the pattern that I continue to watch.

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

The YHOO stock chart above is a perfect example of a healthy bullish trend.

The bullish trend began in early February when YHOO stock surged off of the lows in a swift and linear motion. This surge in price is highlighted in green in the above chart, and is what traders refer to as an impulse wave. The sideways trading action that followed, highlighted in purple, is what traders refer to as a consolidation wave.

Directional trends are littered with this type of price action, and both types of waves are dependent on each other. Impulse waves take a price to new heights and consolidation waves serve to alleviate any overbought conditions and set up the next advancing impulse wave. This cycle can continue for prolonged periods as long as the trend remains orderly.

Shortly after this bullish trend began, a golden cross was generated in mid-April. A golden cross is a bullish signal that is produced when a 50-day moving average, highlighted in blue, crosses above a 200-day moving average, highlighted in red. This signal acts to confirm that a bull market is now in progress. It is not uncommon for a price to accelerate after such a signal is given, as many traders give a lot of credence to it.

Yahoo stock did not accelerate in price right after this signal because it was still in the process of completing a consolidation wave. In mid-July, the price exited the consolidation wave, marking it complete, and the acceleration in price began as an impulse wave took YHOO stock on a run just shy of $45.00.

After this high was created, a consolidation wave followed, which is serving to alleviate any overbought conditions and potentially set up the next bullish move.

The current consolidation wave is different than the consolidation wave that came before it. This wave is downward-sloping so, as time progresses, the price continues to drop. YHOO stock has now retraced the entire previous impulse wave and has returned to test the the resistance level that contained the price inside the previous consolidation wave.

If a bull market in YHOO stock is going to continue, it is imperative that Yahoo stock does not fall below this level. The price needs to exit the current consolidation wave in short order, to preserve the bullish price action that has dominated the landscape.

In order to preserve the bullish landscape, Yahoo will not only need to exit the channel, but there is also the 50-day moving average that has refuted any price advances.

Luckily both levels currently coincide around one price, so a break above both levels would probably involve some fireworks and would also indicate that another impulse wave is finally in development.

Bottom Line on YHOO Stock

I continue to wait for the completion of a particular pattern on the Yahoo stock chart. In order for the landscape to remain bullish, YHOO stock must resolve this pattern with a bullish breakout. This breakout must occur soon, as time is running out. Article Names Medical Marijuana, Inc. and AXIM(R) Biotech as Two of "10 ... SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - January 06, 2017) - Medical Marijuana, Inc. (OTC PINK: MJNA), the first publicly traded cannabis company in the United States, today announced that the Company was featured in a recent High Times article, "10 Largest Marijuana Companies Raking in Huge Profits."

Using data from well-respected firm Viridian Capital Advisors, a group of Wall Street analysts and bankers focused on cannabis investing who also maintain a cannabis stock index, the article listed the 10 largest U.S.-listed companies by market cap -- nine of which were biotech/Pharmaceutical companies.

Medical Marijuana, Inc. came in at No. 6 on the list of powerhouse companies, and investment AXIM  Biotechnologies, Inc. (AXIM  Biotech) (AXIM) came in at No. 5 among the top U.S. cannabis companies. The other top four companies were: 1. GW Pharmaceuticals, 2. Canopy Growth, 3. Insys Therapeutics, 4. Aurora Cannabis.

"With historic, first-ever import approvals for medical cannabis products in Mexico, Columbia and Paraguay, and continued growth of our Brazil business, 2016 was a very exciting year for the Company," said Medical Marijuana, Inc. CEO, Dr. Stuart Titus. "We applaud the news media for covering developments on the financial side, and for savvy investors who are starting to look into the fastest-growing sector in the US."

Meanwhile, AXIM has been added to the North American Marijuana Index, which tracks the leading public cannabis companies operating in the United States and Canada.

Owned by MJIC Inc., the North American Marijuana Index includes companies that have achieved a weighted average minimum market capitalization of $30 million USD, daily trading volume of $400,000 USD and share price of $0.10 USD. Companies with more than $5 million USD of revenue over the prior year are exempt from the above trading requirements and the Index currently has 28 constituents.

About Medical Marijuana, Inc.

Our mission is to be the premier cannabis and hemp industry innovators, leveraging our team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. We strive to create awareness within our industry, develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses, while increasing shareholder value. For details on Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s portfolio and investment companies, visit www.medicalmarijuanainc.com.

To see Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s video statement, click here. Shareholders are also encouraged to visit the Medical Marijuana, Inc. Shop for discounted products.

FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Medical Marijuana, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein.

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA) DISCLOSURE

These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease.

LEGAL DISCLOSURE

Medical Marijuana Inc. does not sell or distribute any products that are in violation of the United States Controlled Substances Act (US.CSA). These companies do grow, sell, and distribute hemp-based products and are involved with the federally legal distribution of medical marijuana-based products within certain international markets. Cannabidiol is a natural constituent of hemp oil. 
2017-02-09
5 tax scams to avoid Tax season is a waking nightmare for Americans. Well, it is for me, at least. Between figuring out how to file, trying to understand my W2 and remembering how to do basic math, it can be extremely stressful. But there s something even scarier lurking out there this time of year: tax scammers.

Yes, in case wringing your hands over the tax man weren t enough, criminals are out there trying to swipe your hard earned cash and personal information from right under your nose.

Luckily, there are a few ways to spot these scams and protect yourself.

Fake IRS phone calls

One of the most common scams out there today is the IRS phone call. It usually goes something like this. You get a call from someone claiming to be from the IRS. They say you haven t paid your taxes properly and owe Uncle Sam some serious cash. The scammer will then demand that you pay them immediately or they ll send the feds over and have you arrested.

That s some pretty scary stuff right there, especially if you have no idea what you re doing when it comes to your taxes, and live in constant fear that you screwed up your last filing and are on the hook for thousands of dollars in fines.

The truth, though, is that the IRS will never contact you over the phone. What s more, they won t demand that you pay on the spot. The government actually gives you an opportunity to appeal the amount you owe.

And despite how scared you might be of the government, the IRS will never threaten to send in  Johnny Law  to arrest you for a first time tax problem. It should also go without saying that the feds will never ask for you to pay your taxes in gift cards. Yes, that s seriously something criminals have done.

Phony IRS emails

These are just like those fake IRS phone calls, but in email form. Unfortunately, these can be even more convincing fakes, as they include things like official-looking IRS logos and the like.

Heck, I actually received a phony email from Britain s version of the IRS, HM Revenue & Customs. Considering I live in Queens, New York, and not the U.K., though, that scam artist clearly wasn t the brightest bulb in the bunch.

Outside of trying to get trick you out of your cash, these emails also come with the added risk of malware and ransomware if you download any files from them or click on any embedded links.

TL;DR: If you get a random email from the IRS, it s not from the IRS.

W2 scammers

This one specifically targets companies  payroll and human resources departments. The scheme works like this: Criminals send an email impersonating a company s CEO or other executive officer to that organization s payroll or HR professionals asking for personal information about employees.

According to the IRS, which issued a warning about this scam in January, criminals will request items like employee names, Social Security numbers and income data. The scammers will then try to file fraudulent tax returns in order to receive refunds.

According to a report by Sophos  Naked Security Blog, Snap, Inc. fell for this exact scam back in 2016.

The non-existent federal student tax

Have you ever heard of the federal student tax? No? Good, because the IRS says there s no such thing. But that doesn t stop criminals from trying to trick people into believing there is such a tax and that they need to pay up for it now.

This works at the same way as the standard IRS scam. Victims receive a phone call or email from criminals impersonating the IRS telling them that they haven t paid their student tax and that if they don t they ll be arrested or fined.

The crooks will then demand that the victim pays via their credit or debit card or with gift cards. Basically, if anyone tells you they re trying to collect on the federal student tax, tell them to take a hike.

Verifying tax information

This particular scam sees criminals asking victims to verify items like the last four digits of their Social Security numbers, as the IRS said scammers attempted to do last year in the Washington, D.C. area, or other tax information. The scammers could also ask items like your bank account information or your full Social Security number.

Remember, the IRS won t ask you for any such information over the phone. If the person is impersonating a tax preparer or preparation agency, your best bet is to hang up and call your actual tax agent or send your real tax professional an email asking if they need your information. 
2017-02-15
Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) to Buy Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) at Discount Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) will still buy Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) after all, but the price of the company is considerably lower.

The two companies had announced that the details of the data breach had slowed down the final details of the acquisition that will see Yahoo s operations being added to the largest carrier in the U.S., based on number of subscribers.

More negotiations continued and it was determined that Verizon would acquire the Internet giant for $250 million less than what the original deal dictated. The carrier was going to acquire Yahoo for $4.8 billion.

The deal is expected to be completed sometime during the second quarter of 2017. The deal also ensures that the leftovers of Yahoo s operations from the deal will be renamed Altaba Inc. and the combined company will have to deal with the legal responsibilities linked to the breaches.

The announcement of the new deal will come in days or weeks, according to people close to the matter. The new agreement has yet to be finalized and could still change.

Verizon had 143.9 million subscribers as of the third quarter of 2016, which is nearly 15 million more than the next carrier.

The breach in question occurred in 2013 when hackers acquired e-mail addresses, dates of birth and passwords that were scrambled. More than 500 million accounts were affected.

VZ stock is down 0.7% Wednesday, while YHOO shares gained 1.2%.

More From InvestorPlace Verizon 'close' to deal cutting $350 MILLION from Yahoo's price following ... Verizon Communications Inc is close to a revised deal to buy Yahoo Inc's core internet business for $250 million to $350 million less than the original agreed price of $4.83 billion, according to a source briefed on the matter.

Since last year, Verizon had been trying to persuade Yahoo to amend the terms of the acquisition agreement to reflect the economic damage from two cyber attacks.

Another person familiar with the situation said the price cut was likely to be around $250 million, a figure that Bloomberg reported earlier on Wednesday.

Verizon is close to a revised deal to buy Yahoo Inc's core internet business for $250 million to $350 million less than the original agreed price of $4.83 billion. Since last year, Verizon had been trying to persuade Yahoo to amend the terms of the acquisition agreement to reflect the economic damage from two cyber attacks.

YAHOO'S HACK Yahoo began looking into the hack in August, before it was officially announced in September that a 2014 attack compromised the names, email addresses, telephone numbers, birthdays, encrypted passwords and security questions of its users. The internet firm said it learned of the breach this summer while investigating claims of a separate intrusion, but it has not provided a specific timeline of events. The data breach is still under investigation, and FBI officials confirmed there were signs of a 'state-sponsored' attack.

'In addition to the discount, Verizon and the entity that remains of Yahoo after the deal, to be called Altaba Inc., are expected to share any ongoing legal responsibilities related to the breaches, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing private information,' Bloomberg said.

An announcement of the new agreement could come in a matter of days or weeks, it claims.

Yahoo and Verizon did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Verizon hopes to combine Yahoo's search, email and messenger assets, as well as advertising technology tools, with its AOL unit, which Verizon bought in 2015 for $4.4 billion.

Verizon has been looking to mobile video and advertising for new sources of revenue outside an oversaturated wireless market.

Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo has been under scrutiny by federal investigators and lawmakers since disclosing the largest known data breach in history.

Craig Silliman, general counsel at Verizon, acknowledged the hack's potential financial repercussions last year, saying: 'I think we have a reasonable basis to believe right now that the impact is material.'

Yahoo shares rose 1.6 percent to $45.76 in morning trading.

Verizon shares fell 0.7 percent to $47.96.

Yahoo began looking into the hack in August, before it was officially announced in September that a 2014 attack compromised the names, email addresses, telephone numbers, birthdays, encrypted passwords and security questions of its users.

The internet firm said it learned of the breach this summer while investigating claims of a separate intrusion, but it has not provided a specific timeline of events.

The data breach is still under investigation, and FBI officials confirmed there were signs of a 'state-sponsored' attack.

Critics called on its $36million-a-year boss Marissa Mayer to quit after hackers reportedly sold the stolen data on the 'dark web'.

Yahoo began looking into the largest data breach in history one month after the deal with Verizon was announced (pictured, Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer)

The Securities and Exchange Commission says security breaches can have a material impact if proprietary information is stolen, or companies 'fail to retain or attract customers following an attack'. BRIEF-Yahoo says forensic experts identify user accounts affected by forged ... Feb 15 Yahoo Inc :

* Says outside forensic experts have been investigating the creation of forged cookies

* Yahoo has invalidated the forged cookies so they cannot be used again

* Says investigation has identified user accounts for which it believes forged cookies were taken or used

* Says investigating the creation of forged cookies that could have enabled an intruder to access our users' accounts without a password

* Based on ongoing investigation, experts identified user accounts for which they believe forged cookies were taken or used in 2015 or 2016 Source text - (yhoo.it/2cUthdp) Further company coverage: Ziyen Inc. appoints Head of Iraq Operations BAGHDAD, Iraq, Feb. 15, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ziyen Inc. have appointed Mohammed Jaffar Dawood al-Salal as the Head of Iraq Operations, and joins the Board of Directors at the company.



His role in the company is to increase the profile of Ziyen Inc. in Iraq, establish a good working relationship between Ziyen Inc. and the local and national governments in the country and act as the senior authorized representative of the company in Iraq.

Based in Baghdad, Mohammed formerly worked as a diplomat whose experience spans several decades while he held posts in China. In addition, he was involved with the Iraqi Mission to the United Nations.

Mohammed s career in diplomacy later evolved into a career as a correspondent for British Reuters, the Italian ANSA agency. Before this, he was the editorial secretary for the only English newspaper in Iraq in 1975, The Baghdad Observer, and the secretary of the Iraqi News Agency in 1978.

This led to the launch of the New Economist in 1998, which was the very first economic English and Arabic language newspaper in Iraq and is still currently in publication today with Mohammed as its Editor in Chief.



Ziyen Inc. CEO Alastair Caithness adds:

 We are extremely excited Mohammed has agreed to join Ziyen s Board of Directors and the knowledge, contacts and experience he brings to Ziyen in relation to operating in Iraq. In spite of the current political and financial problems that are happening in the country, we believe it is important to restore the economic power of the future to Iraq and provide opportunities for the Iraqi people to rebuild their country. Mohammed brings a priceless insight into the current state of the economy, oil and gas industry, Healthcare, Finance and IT industry sectors in Iraq. We are very much looking forward to working with Mohammed. 

More about Ziyen Inc. and Regulation A+

Ziyen Inc., a US business intelligence and software company, was qualified by the SEC under Regulation A+ in October 2016 and is aiming for quick completion of the listing process on the OTC in 2017. In the past only wealthy institutions, venture capitalists and angel investors could provide early stage private investments in the latest start-ups, but this has all changed through the JOBS Act. Through Regulation A+, the barriers everyday citizens have experienced in participating in early stage private investment have now vanished. For more information about the company and investment opportunities visit http://www.ziyen.com and http://www.crowdfundingrega.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements related to anticipated commencement of commercial production, targeted pricing and performance goals, and statements that otherwise relate to future periods are forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are described in more detail in the Company s periodic reports filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made and based on information available to the Company on the date of this press release. Ziyen Inc. assumes no obligation to update the information in this press release. Verizon reduces Yahoo deal price by $250 mln in revised deal - Bloomberg  
2017-01-13
Yahoo Stock (YHOO) Update: Time For A Trend Change? Yahoo Stock (YHOO) Update: Time For A Trend Change?

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been in the news a lot over the past few years. Whether it be acquisitions, speculation about being acquired, operations, or valuation, it s been covered.

And with the stock under pressure into 2016, the news wasn t always cheery.

But if we look at a long-term linear chart of Yahoo stock (YHOO), we can see that shares have rallied sharply since bottoming last February. And they are now testing the downtrend line from the 2000 stock top.

It remains to be seen whether Yahoo can flip the script, so to speak.

But it is clear that this is a critical juncture for the stock. YHOO tested this downtrend line just last September and failed to breakout. Does it have the oomph this time?

Sign up for our FREE newsletter and receive our best trading ideas and research

Yahoo (YHOO)  Linear  Stock Chart

Thanks for reading.

Twitter: @JLyonsFundMgmt

The author does not have a position in mentioned securities at the time of publication. Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author, and do not in any way represent the views or opinions of any other person or entity. 
2017-01-29
Outthinking Activist Investors: 3 Rules for Corporate Boards The hottest topic in many corporate boardrooms today is shareholder activism   or more specifically, the vulnerability of becoming the target of a shareholder activist and what to do about it. Instead of dreading this or, worse, have to defend against it, boards of directors should be proactive about getting out ahead of it. As insiders, we are in a better position to act on our fiduciary responsibility to represent the interests of shareholders than is an independent party, and we have more tools and power at our disposal to do so. Done right, this might result in some healthy, but managed changes.

The influence the activists are having in the market has never been greater. Simply put, what they are doing is attracting more interest and more capital, now estimated at north of $115 billion, ten times the levels of the 1990 s. Distributing their messages has also become easier. They often communicate via social media and business news channels like CNBC to emotionally pressure management and collaborate with other shareholders.

So what is a board of directors to do? Boards are empowered to protect shareholders, but many shareholders have become sympathetic to activists because they believe the system has inherent conflicts of interest; that directors are more interested in collecting paychecks and preserving their status quo than in exercising their fiduciary duty to shareholders.

Conversely, the board s time horizon for creating value is by definition much longer than that of any one activist, and many boards and management teams feel activists are too short-term and just don t get the complexities of the landscape in which they operate. Operating realities include balancing the interests of customers, suppliers, employees, and regulators. Implementing well-managed changes, while navigating these factors, often takes longer than investors may realize.

But there are many things public company boards can do to better align with their core responsibility to the stockholders and they can do it in a way that is proactive and more long-term in nature than if it is in response to an activist.

Here's three ideas that boards of public companies can consider. They are meant to be directional rather than prescriptive; possible plays in a playbook.

Let shareholders air it out. Most boards receive input from reading reports by sell-side analysts, who are not their shareholders, and from the CEO and CFO, who directly talk to institutional shareholders. Imagine, as an executive, never meeting with your boss to get feedback, but instead receiving it filtered from someone on your staff. That s essentially what happens for most boards.

The shareholders are ultimately the  boss  of the board in the sense that the board serves as their proxy for enhancing intrinsic value, yet boards typically hear about shareholder concerns indirectly and often not attributed to any specific shareholder.

A huge opportunity is missed without direct contact. This is exactly the opportunity the activists are availing themselves of by contacting blocks of shareholders to exchange views on underperforming companies and collaborating on remedies.

Boards should do the same. There are a variety of ways to accomplish this. For example, Coca-Cola Co. Director Maria Elena Lagomasino, Chair of the Compensation Committee, met directly with one large shareholder and also considered specific summarized feedback derived from major institutional shareholders of Coke ( ko ) on the issue of executive compensation. This input led to the revised approach to equity compensation, communicated by her directly with shareholders through the company s website.

This could even become part of a regular process. For example, a designated board member could invite large shareholders to periodic get togethers to air their thoughts and concerns. This feedback could either be summarized for the board by that board member or delivered directly by a representative from the group at a board gathering.

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ( brk ) is even more ambitious. It hosts more than 30,000 shareholders in Omaha annually and allows them more than six hours to ask unfiltered questions. Recently, Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett offered some sage advice on the subject.  I believe in running the company for shareholders that are going to stay, rather than the ones that are going to leave. 

If a designated director or a designated third party representing the board were to reach out to shareholders from time to time, both sides would learn and benefit. It would allow key directors to educate shareholders, as well as build credibility and a relationship before problems arise. In addition, shareholders can add insight to the board, because they often speak with competitors, customers, and suppliers of the company and can bring an  outside in  perspective that can be hugely valuable.

Limit terms, but don t install terms limits. This means setting up a mechanism for both attracting new directors with some of the skill sets of long-term shareholders, as well as a mechanism for rotation off the board to create room for new thinking, more diversity, and women.

For removing directors, the solution that activists primarily advocate is a hard term-limit. As an alternative, many companies instead opt for a retirement age. I am not a fan of either. Why create a system that force out good board members?

Then again, most boards have at least one or maybe a few directors who are not adding as much value as a new member might bring and therefore represent an  opportunity cost.  Once directors are on a board, it can be extremely difficult to naturally rotate them off. Firing a friend is tough under the best conditions, and even more so because there is no economic incentive. It s emotionally easier just to  wait it out.  This is even more complicated when a CEO inherits a board that was picked and groomed by her predecessor and doesn t have the collective skills for her new strategy.

My view is that boards would be well served to adopt a process that specifically outlines the rotation process and that is understood and implemented for new directors. In other words, limited terms, but not term-limits. By making this change for all new directors, it side-steps the issue of those already on the board, making it easier to implement on a go forward basis.

I lean toward a system in which each new member of the board agrees to hand in their resignation every six to eight years, with the idea being that some directors will be asked to serve multiple terms it they are uniquely qualified to help the CEO and company build value, but most will be thanked for their service and move on after that time frame.

The decision regarding whose resignations to keep, or whose to accept, could be made either by an appointed director, or by an absolutely confidential and binding majority vote of the other board members. This latter approach might be easier socially.

Think like an activist. Directors must insist on asking management to analyze strategic choices as an activist would: by looking at alternatives to the strategies the CEO is recommending. This is not typical. The more common pattern is for the CEO to consider options and present only the chosen one to the board.

The road not taken is the one the activist will surface so the board must have analyzed these alternatives. This means understanding what it would mean to get out of underperforming operations, split up the company and evaluate varying alternatives for measuring and handling excess cash versus the ones being recommended. If these choices are not discussed, the board will be poorly prepared to articulate and defend its alternative course.

Importantly, an analysis of the break-up or private transaction value of a company that shows a higher value than where the stock is trading does not oblige a company to make a sale. There have been many times in history where macro-economic or other conditions have made the current stock market and private transaction values poor indicators of intrinsic value. The board s duty is to enhance the latter, exercising its duty of care, by fully understanding what strategic choices the company is making and why.

Susan Decker is on the boards of Berkshire Hathaway, Costco and Intel . She previously served as president and chief financial officer at Yahoo. This discussion is an excerpt from a more detailed version published on Sue s blog, deckposts.ne t. The opinions expressed are my own and not necessarily those of the companies on whose boards I serve or my colleagues on those boards. 
2017-02-18
Marapharm Ventures Inc. "Marapharm" Announces an Acquisition in California KELOWNA, British Columbia, February 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --

Marapharm (MRPHF) (MDM) has entered into an agreement to purchase a Medical Delivery Service with the specific and limited purpose to deliver, facilitate or coordinate cannabis transactions between qualified patients and caregivers. The delivery service is located in Rancho Mirage, located in the Coachella Valley, California. The Valley connects with the Greater Los Angeles area to the West, population 19,000,000. The population of the valley is 500,000 and in addition has 3.5 million annual conventioneers and tourists.

Marapharm purchased 80% of the shares of Moringa Cooperative, Inc. "Moringa" and 20% ownership remains with the founding group, who will continue to operate the business. Presently the DBA (doing business as) is MedicalDriveBy and a change to Marapharm Delivery or other names is being considered. Terms of the transaction are $300,000 US. Additional funds may be required for further delivery vehicles, expansion and working capital. Moringa is a cooperative corporation organized under the California Consumer Cooperative Corporation Law. The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful activity and specific to cannabis transactions in California.

"Delivery services for cannabis are a big profit business in other locations in the United States and we're excited for our first one to be in California. Marapharm's business model is to be part of the entire marijuana experience in different States and countries, to grow it, sell it and now to deliver it. This is great diversity!" Linda Sampson, Marapharm, CEO.

Marapharm announces the granting of options to directors, consultants and or officers of 300,000 options exercisable for a period of 3 months at an exercise price of $1.40 and a further 800,000 options exercisable at $2.50 for 4 months.

ABOUT MARAPHARM VENTURES INC.

http://www.marapharm.com

Marapharm trades in Canada, ticker symbol MDM on the CSE, in the United States, ticker symbol MRPHF on the OTCQB, in Europe, ticker symbol 2M0 on the FSE.

Marapharm has 300,000 square feet of medical marijuana licenses for it's land and facilities in WA and NV and about two and a half years ago, Marapharm applied in Canada to Health Canada for a MMPR (Production and Sales) license and has passed the necessary security clearances. The application is currently in the in-depth screening process. In September 2016, Health Canada contacted Marapharm with a provision to amend its application to allow for the new regulations, ACMPR.

Additional information on the operations or financial results of Marapharm are included in reports on file with applicable securities regulatory authorities and may be accessed through the CSE website (http://www.thecse.com), the OTC website (http://www.otcmarkets.com) and Sedar website (http://www.sedar.com ) under the profile for Marapharm Ventures Inc.

STOCK EXCHANGES:

Neither the CSE, the FSE nor the OTCQB  has approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither the CSE, the FSE nor the OTCQB  accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

FORWARD - LOOKING STATEMENTS:

Certain statements contained in this news release constitute forward looking statements. The use of any of the words "anticipate", "continue", "estimate", "expect", 'may", "will", "project", "should", 'believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumption but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and the forward-looking statements included in this news release should not be unduly relied upon.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:

http://www.marapharm.com or Linda Sampson, CEO, +1-778-583-4476, email info@marapharm.com 
2017-03-21
Yahoo! Inc Risk Points versus Technology 

Yahoo! Inc Risk Points versus Technology





Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Risk Points versus Technology (XLK)

2017-03-21





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) compared to its own past and the Technology ETF. In order to examine thelooking risk for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) the next 30-days, we must look to theNow, before we dive into the analysis on YHOO, we make one critical note since we're talking about options:In the "" sectionon Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) , we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actuallyin successful option trading than many people know.But that's at the end, now let's jump back into the risk point charting and number crunching for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) . We start by noting that YHOO is in thesector which means along with some other industries we also compare the company to the closest match we could find, which was the Technology ETF () as a proxy for Yahoo! Inc.We have highlighted the IV30  for XLK and for YHOO in the table below.

CONTEXT: THE INDICES S&P 500 (SPY) IV30 8.97% Nasdaq 100 (QQQ) IV30 9.1% Technology ETF ( XLK ) IV30 9.68% Biotech (IBB) IV30 19.08%

Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) YHOO 52 Week Low IV30 17.22% YHOO Current IV30 17.75% YHOO 52 Week High IV30 50.72% YHOO Current HV30 12.28%

Yahoo! Inc Implied Risk Scatter Plot ( a new risk chart, built for option traders )

blue

black

red

green

Thepoint is the current 30-day implied volatility for Yahoo! Inc.Thepoint is the current 30-day implied volatility for the Technology ETF (XLK).Thepoint is the 52 week low in IV30  for Yahoo! Inc.Thepoint is the 52 week high in IV30  for Yahoo! Inc.

The various other scatter plot points in the middle give us risk context outside of the information technology sector.The IV30  is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the* We can see that the risk as reflected by the option market for the next 30-days for Yahoo! Inc isthe indices we have charted but isthe Technology ETF (XLK), which we use as a proxy for Yahoo! Inc.* We can further see that the current IV30 for Yahoo! Inc of 17.75% is closer to theof 17.22% than the annual high of 50.72%. Simply stated, this means that the option market is pricingrisk than the average over the past year.* For some context, we note that the annual range in IV30  for the Technology ETF is between [9.55%, 21.75%] while Yahoo! Inc has had a range of [17.22%, 50.72%].Get this same analysis on any ticker here:This is chart was developed for the trader. It allows us to easily see where the forward looking risk for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) lies relative to the last year, and the various major stock groupings and thesector without using time series data, which can confuse the information.While the option market risk rating is on the low side, we note that companies in this situation are still susceptible to sudden stock move risk, it's simply theof that large stock move is depressed. Buyers of options and volatility may find these prices more attractive than at other times. The Bears And Bulls Square Off On Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we ve been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment. The best way to gauge the future price movement of a stock is to look at historical chart data and map a course for the future. Gathering this data is best done by combing through the technical data and a mix of indicators.

Recent trading for (YHOO) has highlighted key trends upon which sound decisions can be based. The levels established for its relative 50 and 200 SMAs have suggested that the current trend is bullish. The current trend established by the SMAs also highlight the level of investor interest as the stock makes its way across varying levels of risk and upside potential. This has further created a general positive trading atmosphere. Current trends have also fed into volume levels which have seen weak buying and selling sentiments, reflecting the general indifference of interested parties across the broadest trading and investing spectrum. Combined these sentiment-based indicators and trends point to potential deeper impacts on cross-related technical factors capable of influencing overall upside.

The deeper test for the directional thrust of a stock is measured through two very important indicators: Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures. Both indicators offer up the distilled wisdom of whether the stock is oversold or overbought, i.e. are the sellers dominating activities, or are the buyers doping the bulk of the movement. For (YHOO) the 14-day RSI is 67.55% this indicates that on the balance of traditional RSI measures, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture offers up another powerful indicator of potential price movement for (YHOO). Stochastic data amassed over the past 30 days highlights a score of 82.05%. This indicates that the stock is overbought at current levels.

Sometimes true trading successes occur when other indicators are used in a quasi-supporting role in establishing a trading picture, or to fully establish the shape of the trading environment. Short-term movement for (YHOO) has offered up some interesting dynamics. Its +1.67 price change has produced positive change over the past 30 days. Longer term the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 16.96%. This performance has come on the back of consistently higher daily volatility when matched against other stocks trading on the same exchange. Recent momentum has been largely informed by a historical volatility of 10.12%. This level of volatility is indicative of the speed (rate of change) of the underlying stock price and is therefore a helpful gauge at a glance. The risk-implied volatility is also being showcased via the average true range, currently 1.35. Keep in mind that ATR does not account for price direction therefore professional traders always utilize the price chart in tandem with the ATR indicator. Technicals in Focus for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) We have gathered the technical data on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. It is said that  everything is in the price  that all fundamental and sentiment information is best communicated by the action on the chart. For this stock, that chart has a great deal to say about what may be to come.

YHOO has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 67.55%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 82.05%. Based on a raw data interpretation, the stock is relatively overbought from this perspective.

As professionals know, risk is best understood through a measure of volatility in an investment vehicle. In recent action, YHOO has made a move of +1.67 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is outperforming the S&P 500 by 16.96%, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 10.12%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.3%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $33.93 sits at $38.92. YHOO also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $41.48. Lookout for Price Target? Altria Group, Inc. (MO), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Altria Group, Inc. (NYSE:MO) gained 0.56% with the closing price of $75.58. The overall volume in the last trading session was 5.78 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Altria Group, Inc. (NYSE:MO) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 45.31 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 35.16 and sector s optimum level is 53.90.

Altria Group, Inc. (MO) have shown a high EPS growth of 34.80% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 173.00% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $76.20 above its 52-week highs and is down -0.09% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $75.58 a share and the price is up more than 12.67% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 11.51 vs. an industry average at 13.06. Its sales stood at 1.60% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $46.77 with the rising stream of 0.39% and its total traded volume was 5.77 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.42 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.63. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $46.77, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.43, compared to an industry average at 5.56. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $47.00 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 21.77% in three months and is up 0.43% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. YHOO INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of a ... NEW YORK, March 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016.



Click here to learn about the case: http://www.wongesq.com/pslra/yahoo-inc. There is no cost or obligation to you.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo! disclosed that hackers stole information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 3 percent. Then, on December 14, 2016, Defendants disclosed that in August 2013 hackers stole information on more than 1 billion user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 6 percent.

If you suffered a loss in Yahoo! you have until March 27, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn t require that you serve as a lead plaintiff. To obtain additional information, contact Vincent Wong, Esq. either via email vw@wongesq.com, by telephone at 212.425.1140, or visit http://www.wongesq.com/pslra/yahoo-inc.

Vincent Wong, Esq. is an experienced attorney that has represented investors in securities litigations involving financial fraud and violations of shareholder rights. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Still A Value Trap?   Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), ConocoPhillips (COP) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are on a recovery track as they have regained 37.84% since bottoming out at $33.93 on Mar. 24, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 0.43% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 20.95% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -0.49% from $47.16 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 20, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 32.98% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $47.63 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.74%, and the sector s average is 4.5%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -13.29% since hitting a peak level of $53.17 on Dec. 13, 2016. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -5.13% in the past one month, the stock price is now with underperforming -8.05% so far on the year   still in weak zone. In this case, shares are 22.85% higher from $38.19, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Apr. 05, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 16.31% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $45.86, COP has a chance to add $12.04 or 26.25% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($57.9) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.14 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, ConocoPhillips s EPS growth has been nearly -20.7%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but more headwinds are coming as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go down by 0%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. ConocoPhillips s ROE is -9.67%, while industry s is -9.07%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 9.24%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. COP s ROA is -3.8%, while industry s average is -2.91%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 2.48. 
2017-03-15
Russian Agents Accused by US of Masterminding Yahoo Hack Watch Next: U.S. Accuses Russian Agents of Masterminding Yahoo Hack (Video)

U.S. Accuses Russian Agents of Masterminding Yahoo Hack

The U.S. government accused Russia of directing some of the world s most notorious cybercriminals to break into computer systems, namely a half-billion accounts at Yahoo! Inc., in a broad scheme that married illicit profits and intelligence gathering.

The broadside against the Russian government appeared in an indictment unsealed Wednesday in San Francisco federal court alleging a widespread conspiracy by two Russian FSB security agents and a pair of hackers. One of the hackers was arrested in Canada. While the U.S. government has little chance of getting the others extradited from Russia, it used the announcement to make a public and detailed case that Moscow is orchestrating criminal hacks and shielding those who commit them.

 We have reason to believe, based on our evidence, they were acting in their capacity as FSB officials,  said Mary McCord, acting assistant attorney general for the Department of Justice s national security division.

Prosecutors outlined a scheme of economic espionage, wire fraud and theft of trade secrets, accusing the two Russian agents of conspiring with a hacker in the 2014 breach of Yahoo. The other hacker, a Kazakh-born Canadian citizen, is accused of targeting people inside Russia in related information-gathering schemes.

Details of the 2014 Yahoo hack, and another breach of the company in 2013, threatened to derail its pending acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. and ultimately led to a lower proposed purchase price.

The U.S. indictment appears to pull back the curtain on the use of criminal hackers by Russia s spy agencies to attack key U.S. targets, including the largest purveyors of web-based email, Google and Yahoo. Russian intelligence agents are able to recruit some of the country s best hackers by threatening them with charges if they don t cooperate, according to the U.S. indictment. The FSB agents sheltered one of the accused hackers from prosecution and gave him sensitive information that helped him evade international law enforcement, it said.

Together, the conspirators gained unfettered access to operate inside Yahoo s network. Breaching a database of at least 500 million Yahoo email accounts, they looked for people of political interest and keywords in ordinary people s accounts that would make them vulnerable to financial fraud.

They also stole the secret cryptographic values that Yahoo assigns to each user for generating cookies, the files on a person s computer that contain details of their login history. The attackers then generated their own cookies, bypassing passwords and tricking Yahoo s server into letting them into accounts, ultimately stealing contents of 6,500 Yahoo accounts.

  The indictment unequivocally shows the attacks on Yahoo were state-sponsored  as the company had initially disclosed,   said Chris Madsen, an assistant general counsel for security and law enforcement at Yahoo. Shares of the company finished 0.2 percent lower in Wednesday trading, to $46.29.

Spy Agencies

The list of hacking victims in the U.S. was diverse, including the White House and its military and diplomatic corps. Conspirators also reaped information on a swath of global companies and their executives, including a U.S. financial services company, an airline and a private equity firm, the U.S. said, without identifying them.

It s the second instance in recent months in which the U.S. accused Moscow of using cyberattacks to undercut U.S. institutions. Justice Department officials said Wednesday there was no link between the Yahoo case and a national security probe into Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election.

A Putin spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, didn t directly address the charges against Russian security officials but said Moscow was interested in cooperating with the U.S. to combat cyber threats. The press office for the FSB, the main successor to the Soviet KGB that is known formally as the Federal Security Service, didn t answer phone calls.

Washington didn t contact Moscow over the allegations, a senior Russian official told Russia s Interfax news agency. The unidentified official dismissed the topic as part of an internal U.S. political struggle.

Ratcheting Up

The U.S. government has been ratcheting up pressure on Russian hacking networks over the last few months. In December, the Treasury Department imposed sanctions on two Russians -- Evgeniy Mikhailovich Bogachev and Aleksey Alekseyevich Belan  - for engaging in  malicious cyber-enabled activities.  The announcement was made as President Barack Obama took steps against Russia for attempting to interfere with the U.S. presidential election.

One of those hackers, Belan, was charged in the Yahoo case. He has been charged twice previously for cyberattacks of technology companies.

The U.S. indicted Igor Sushchin, who it said worked for the FSB and specialized in cyber investigations, and Dmitry Dokuchaev, described as a hacker for hire who was pressed into working for the FSB to avoid prosecution for bank-card fraud. The indictment said Dokuchaev worked with an FSB unit known as  Center 18,  the point of contact for the U.S. s Federal Bureau of Investigation for probes into cybercrimes. He was detained in December by Russian authorities and accused of  interacting  with U.S. intelligence.

The defendants couldn t immediately be reached for comment.

The U.S. alleged that the fourth man, Kazakh-born Canadian citizen Karim Baratov, helped gather information on Russians in league with the FSB. He was arrested Tuesday by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and awaits an extradition hearing. Amedeo DiCarlo, a lawyer in Hamilton, Ontario, said he had been retained by Baratov s family to defend him and declined to comment on the case.

Bounty Payment

Belan was already an accomplished hacker and international fugitive when the Yahoo hack began in 2014. He had been indicted twice in the U.S. for defrauding e-commerce sites, and in 2013 landed on the FBI s Cyber Most Wanted List. The U.S. wanted poster identified him as a Russian-speaking Latvian operating under multiple aliases (Magg, M4G and Moy.Yawik) and possibly traveling in disguise. In late 2013, he fled to Russia after being arrested in Europe on a U.S. warrant, the Justice Department said.

Working with Dokuchaev and Sushchin, Belan pilfered Yahoo accounts to line his own pockets: He stole gift card and credit card numbers, earned commissions by fraudulently redirecting Yahoo search traffic and mounted a spam campaign using his access to 30 million emails, according to the indictment.

The FSB agents also paid him to gather intelligence, the U.S. said. The Yahoo email accounts he breached almost certainly provided sensitive personal data to Russia s increasingly unpredictable spy agencies.

The FSB agents directed hacking that stretched beyond the U.S., as well. They enlisted Baratov to target some critics of the Russian government, including journalists and politicians, a board member and senior officer of a Russian financial firm, and a senior officer of a Russian email provider, the indictment said. In one mission, the hackers were instructed to compromise Google accounts belonging to an officer of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs and a training expert for Russia s Sports Ministry.

Russian Targets

As outlined by the U.S. government, Baratov was paid to gain access to 80 email accounts, including 50 Google accounts. He mounted spear-phishing attacks, used fake emails to compel targets to provide sensitive information and sold passwords he obtained to Dokuchaev.

Google declined to comment.

The U.S. is seeking forfeiture of funds held in a PayPal accounts controlled by Baratov and Dokuchaev, and two luxury cars -- a gray Aston Martin DBS with a  Mr. Karim  vanity plate and a black Mercedes Benz C54.

Earlier Breach

The 2014 hack outlined in the U.S. indictment was the second major breach of Yahoo s systems in recent years. In December, the company said user data had been stolen from more than 1 billion accounts in August 2013. The company said in a filing this month that it wasn t able to identify the intruders associated with that breach.

A Bloomberg News review of the trove purloined in that attack showed that the hackers had obtained access to email accounts of at least 150,000 people working across the U.S. government -- in intelligence, the military, the White House and on Capitol Hill. Such a leak could allow a foreign intelligence service to identify employees and hack their personal and work accounts for surveillance or blackmail.

The 2013 breach was discovered by Andrew Komarov, chief intelligence officer for InfoArmor, who had been tracking a prolific Eastern European hacker group that he spotted offering 1 billion Yahoo accounts for $300,000 in a private sale.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

By watching the group s communications, he was able to determine that it sold the database three times. Two buyers were large spamming groups. The third buyer provided a list of 10 names of U.S. and foreign government officials and business executives to verify that their logins were part of the database, Komarov said. The unusual request, Komarov said, indicated that the buyer might be linked to a foreign intelligence agency.

It s unclear whether the 2013 Yahoo hack has any connection to the subsequent one now attributed to the Russians. The earlier intrusion is still under investigation, a U.S. official said Wednesday. Today's Brokerage Rating: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) plunged -0.43% with the closing price of $46.37. The overall volume in the last trading session was 3.8 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.26 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.40 and sector s optimum level is 10.63.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have shown a high EPS growth of -17.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.50 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $47.00 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.40% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $46.37 a share and the price is up more than 19.91% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.43 vs. an industry average at 5.62. Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) ended its day at $65.67 with the rising stream of -0.27% and its total traded volume was 3.73 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)

AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 12.09, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 13.58 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 13.08. AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), at its latest closing price of $65.67, it has a price-to-book ratio of 22.62, compared to an industry average at 4.08. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), stock is trading $66.82 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 10.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 16.20%. Its share price has risen 7.79% in three months and is up 3.11% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.50. Yahoo reveals details of Verizon deal negotiations Just days after Yahoo Inc. reassured regulators and investors the company s $4.5-billion deal with Verizon Inc. was on solid footing, new details surfaced about a major hack that has dogged the former tech giant for six months.

On Wednesday, the U.S. Department of Justice revealed charges against four men who allegedly hacked Yahoo users in 2013 and 2014. The indictment said the four alleged hackers   three Russians and a Canadian   had nearly free rein inside Yahoo s system at the peak of the hacks. The charges opened yet another chapter in an extended drama that has complicated efforts to sell the Internet pioneer.

In July, 2016, Yahoo announced the sale of its core Web business for $4.8-billion. By September, it was dealing with the revelation that hackers had potentially breached hundreds of millions of user accounts. In October, reports surfaced that Verizon was seeking a billion-dollar discount on the deal. By December, the number of affected users had climbed closer to a billion. In February, reports said the purchase price would be cut by about $350-million (U.S.).

Read more: Canadian 22-year-old millionaire Karim Baratov charged in Yahoo hacking

Read more: Canadian Karim Baratov, Yahoo hacking suspect, boasted about his wealth

This week, the company revealed that the hit could have been much worse. In a filing on Monday with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Yahoo unveiled details of negotiations in which the company talked Verizon down from a desired price reduction of $925-million. It also said Marissa Mayer, Yahoo s once-hailed chief executive officer, had been offered $23-million in severance to make way for a new CEO, about half the amount she was to receive before the hack.

When news of the price reduction began circulating in mid-February, some analysts expressed surprise that it was not more   and that the deal was still on at all.

 The fact they are closing the deal at any price is really good,  Laura Martin, a senior analyst with investment-service firm Needham & Company, said at the time. In the past months, Yahoo s shares have been trending higher, closing at $46.29 on Wednesday   up more than 20 per cent since the middle of December. Some analysts predict a $52 share price for the entity, which will be renamed  Altaba  once the deal with Verizon is completed.

Still, uncertainty looms about Yahoo s liability for continuing costs related to the hacks, which have so far totalled more than $16-million. The SEC is also investigating whether Yahoo breached its fiduciary duty to shareholders by not disclosing the hacks when they first learned of them. Altaba will retain 100 per cent of the liability for any related litigation.

Meanwhile, at least two-dozen class-action and other lawsuits are in the works from consumers, including one by Merchant Law Group LLP representing Canadian users. Part of the amended agreement stipulates Altaba and Verizon split any costs associated with consumer lawsuits that come after the deal closes.

Another area of potential liability is with Yahoo s advertiser partners and clients, who could make a claim based on allegations that they too were defrauded. According to the Justice Department indictment:  One of the defendants [Alexsey Alexseyevich Belan, 29, also known as Magg, a Russian resident] also exploited his access to Yahoo s network for his personal financial gain   redirecting a subset of Yahoo search engine web traffic so he could make commissions. 

In 2005, Yahoo paid $4.95-million to settle a case that alleged it did not do enough to protect against click fraud. In 2006, Google paid $90-million to settle a click-fraud case.

Finally, there is the underlying financial performance of the unit Verizon is buying. In January, Yahoo s 2016 revenue was reported at $5.17-billion (a slight improvement after falling from $6-billion in 2010 to less than $5-billion when Ms. Mayer took over in 2012), of which $1.4-billion was for mobile ad sales, and $3.4-billion from desktop. The combined Web business has about a billion global monthly users, but represents only about 1.3 per cent of the mobile ad market, according to eMarketer. Still, ad sales volume increased 4 per cent, and cost-per-click of search ads was up 18 per cent.

It is a much leaner operation than the one Ms. Mayer took over: In 2016 alone, 18 per cent of Yahoo s work force was cut, leaving 8,500 people, down from 11,700 in 2012.

By comparison, Verizon brought in $126-billion in revenue in 2016 and has more than 160,000 employees.

Report Typo/Error Drilling Down Into the Charts for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) We have gathered the technical data on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. It is said that  everything is in the price  that all fundamental and sentiment information is best communicated by the action on the chart. For this stock, that chart has a great deal to say about what may be to come.

YHOO has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 64.40%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 73.17%. Based on a raw data interpretation, the stock is relatively overbought from this perspective.

Sometimes, there is information carried in simply the degree of movement in a stock. In recent action, YHOO has made a move of +0.91 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is outperforming the S&P 500 by 21.01%, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 12.32%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.4%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $33.00 sits at $38.35. YHOO also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $41.30. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Some of the key technical areas With all other things going on, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been on a run   rising 11.04 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Yahoo! Inc. a neutral, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Yahoo! Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $1.63 below YHOO s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 38.09% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -1.36% from previous highs of around $47 per share on March 13, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 46.21% since hitting lows of $32.83 on March 16, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $45.87 and $46.12. In terms of pullbacks, $46.69 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Yahoo! Inc. RSI was seen at 65.11. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has been put into a neutral territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for YHOO is 72.95. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) moved to around 30.73. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Federated Investors Inc. PA Raises Stake in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) News out of Seattle on Wednesday was not that the Seattle Seahawks were listening...

Ben Roethlisberger is not retiring. No one should be surprised even though many Pittsburgh Steelers fans were worried since nothing was heard from the talented quarterback until Friday. On... Yahoo! and Pizza Hut Partner for March Madness Yahoo! Inc. teamed up with top brands including Lexus and Pizza Hut for new campaigns to excite basketball fans around the annual Men s College Basketball Tournament.

 With millions of fans heading to Yahoo Sports every year to create their brackets and watch the action play out among their top college basketball teams, we re helping brands find compelling ways to be part of that fan experience,  says Lisa Utzschneider, chief revenue officer, Yahoo.  At Yahoo, we know sports fans, their passions, and how advertisers can make fun, authentic connections that drive meaningful results around the tournament. 

Lexus and Pizza Hut will connect with college hoops fans as sponsors of Yahoo Sports  Tourney Pick'em. Additionally, advertisers will have a chance to connect with fans through custom integrations as well as high-impact display, native and video advertising.

 We re teaming up with Yahoo again after a very successful Squares Pick em game, and this time we re excited to reach millions of college basketball fans,  says David Daniels, vice president of advertising & media at Pizza Hut. "Yahoo has a strong audience of sports fans and many will be enjoying Pizza Hut pizza as they fill out their brackets and tune into the tournament this March. 

For the second year in a row, Lexus will launch a custom branded game on Yahoo Sports around the 2017 Men s College Basketball Tournament,  0-60 Bracket Challenge.  To get the most out of the games, fans can sign up now by visiting lexus0to60bracketchallenge.com for an opportunity to win a luxury vacation to Las Vegas for next year s tournament. For each round, players select which matchup will reach a combined 60 points the fastest a nod to the power and performance of the all-new Lexus LC luxury coupe.

Last year, the custom Lexus branded game and campaign on Yahoo drove more than 23 million video views and a 29 percent lift in consideration to make a purchase among consumers. With millions of sports fans turning to Yahoo Sports as the ultimate destination to create their brackets, brands have an opportunity to connect with this engaged audience during the Men s College Basketball Tournament. 
2017-03-27
Yahoo! Inc. Posted losses of -0.43% in the Last Trade Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) belongs to the Technology sector with an industry focus on Internet Information Providers, with Ms. Marissa A. Mayer as Chief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director.

The company has been one of the biggest innovators in Internet Information Providers employing approximately 8800 full time employees.

Key Statistics:

The stock subtracted in the prior trading session by -0.43%, closing at the stock price of $46.4.

Currently, the market capitalization of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 44.38 Billion.

YHOO has a 1-year high price of $47.19 and 1-year low price of $34.62.

The number of shares currently held by investors is 956.49 Million.

The number of shares traded in the last trading session was 5.6 Million.

Financials:

The company reported an impressive total revenue of 5.17 Billion in the last fiscal year.

If you look at the company s income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, YHOO earned gross profit of 3.32 Billion, in 2015 2.89 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) produced 2.45 Billion profit.

Currently the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a trading volume of 5.6 Million shares, with an average trading volume of 6.13 Million shares   with shares dropping to a 52 week low of $34.62 on Mar 28, 2016, and the company s shares hitting a 52 week high on Mar 21, 2017 of $47.19.

Looking at the current price of the stock and the 52 week high and low, it suggests that the stock is likely to go Down in the future.

Earnings per share (EPS) breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis, and for Yahoo! Inc. the EPS stands at 0.25 for the previous quarter, while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 0.21, suggesting the stock exceeded the analysts  expectations.

Another critical number in evaluating a stock is P/E or the price to earnings ratio.

The TTM operating margin is -12.5%. The return on invested capital at -1.6%, which is good, compared to its peers.

The Free Cash Flow or FCF margin is 44.04%, which means that the business has healthy reserve funds for contingencies that may arise.

Stock is currently moving with a positive distance from the 200 day simple moving average of approximately 11.48%, and has a solid year to date (YTD) performance of 19.99% which means the stock is constantly adding to its value from the previous fiscal year end price.

The stock diminished about -16.94% in the past 5 years, this negative value indicates that the stock constantly going down in previous years as well.

Future Expectations:

The target price for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is $47.63/share according to the consensus of analysts working on the stock, with an expected EPS of $0.14/share for the current quarter.

The company s expected revenue in the current quarter to be 1.24 Billion, seeing a projected current quarter growth of 75%, and per annum growth estimates over the next 5 year period of around 3.88%. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stock Will Show Resistance At $46.8 With all other things going on, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been on a run   rising 18.52 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Yahoo! Inc. a neutral, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Yahoo! Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $1.6 below YHOO s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 33.1% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -1.7% from previous highs of around $47.19 per share on March 21, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 38.65% since hitting lows of $34.62 on March 28, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $45.74 and $46.07. In terms of pullbacks, $46.8 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Yahoo! Inc. RSI was seen at 55.33. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has been put into a neutral territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for YHOO is 52.66. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) moved to around 46.47. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL), Yahoo ... PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) plunged -0.02% with the closing price of $43.13. The overall volume in the last trading session was 5.74 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 8.90 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.35 and sector s optimum level is 10.63.

PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) have shown a high EPS growth of 110.04% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 15.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.00 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $44.52 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.12% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $43.13 a share and the price is up more than 9.27% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 3.54 vs. an industry average at 5.52. Its sales stood at 19.20% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $46.40 with the rising stream of -0.43% and its total traded volume was 5.6 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.35 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.63. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $46.40, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.43, compared to an industry average at 5.52. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $47.19 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 18.52% in three months and is down -0.41% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. 
2017-03-09
Yahoo CFO Ken Goldman joins Zerto board of directors  
2017-03-18
Latest Stocks: The Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) Upgrade by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Raymond James Trust N.A. reduced its position in shares of Whirlpool Co. (NYSE:WHR) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,584 shares of the company s stock after selling 28 shares during the period. Raymond James Trust N.A. s holdings in Whirlpool were worth $2,842,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Whirlpool by 93.8% in  Long-Term Growth Estimate Of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) At $4.2  
2017-01-14
Fed. Circ. Won't Revive IP Suit Against Pinterest, Others PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2017-02-27
YHOO ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Yahoo! Inc. Investors of Important Deadline ... NEW YORK, Feb. 27, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, reminds purchasers of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) from November 12, 2013 through December 14, 2016, both dates inclusive (the  Class Period ) of the important March 27, 2017 lead plaintiff deadline. The lawsuit seeks to recover damages for Yahoo! investors under the federal securities laws.

To join the Yahoo! class action, go to http://www.rosenlegal.com/cases-1012.html or call Phillip Kim, Esq. or Kevin Chan, Esq. toll-free at 866-767-3653 or email pkim@rosenlegal.com or kchan@rosenlegal.com for information on the class action.

NO CLASS HAS YET BEEN CERTIFIED IN THE ABOVE ACTION. UNTIL A CLASS IS CERTIFIED, YOU ARE NOT REPRESENTED BY COUNSEL UNLESS YOU RETAIN ONE. YOU MAY ALSO REMAIN AN ABSENT CLASS MEMBER AND DO NOTHING AT THIS POINT. YOU MAY RETAIN COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOICE.

According to the lawsuit, throughout the Class Period defendants issued materially false and misleading statements to investors and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users  personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users  personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (2) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (3) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo s websites and services; and (4) as a result, Yahoo s public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. When the true details entered the market, the lawsuit claims that investors suffered damages.

A class action lawsuit has already been filed. If you wish to serve as lead plaintiff, you must move the Court no later than March 27, 2017. A lead plaintiff is a representative party acting on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation. If you wish to join the litigation, go to http://www.rosenlegal.com/cases-1012.html or to discuss your rights or interests regarding this class action, please contact Phillip Kim, Esq. or Kevin Chan, Esq. of Rosen Law Firm toll free at 866-767-3653 or via e-mail at pkim@rosenlegal.com or kchan@rosenlegal.com.

Follow us for updates on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-rosen-law-firm or on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rosen_firm.

Rosen Law Firm represents investors throughout the globe, concentrating its practice in securities class actions and shareholder derivative litigation. Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Yahoo! Inc ... NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The following statement is being issued by Levi & Korsinsky, LLP:

To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016.

You are hereby notified that a securities class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of California. To get more information go to:

http://www.zlk.com/pslra/yahoo

or contact Joseph E. Levi, Esq. either via email at jlevi@zlk.com or by telephone at (212) 363-7500, toll-free: (877) 363-5972. There is no cost or obligation to you.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo! disclosed that hackers stole information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 3 percent. Then, on December 14, 2016, Defendants disclosed that in August 2013 hackers stole information on more than 1 billion user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo shares down more than 6 percent.

If you suffered a loss in Yahoo! you have until March 27, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn t require that you serve as a lead plaintiff.

Levi & Korsinsky is a national firm with offices in New York, New Jersey, California, Connecticut, and Washington D.C. The firm s attorneys have extensive expertise and experience representing investors in securities litigation, and have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for aggrieved shareholders. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Technicals in Focus for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) We have gathered the technical data on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. It is said that  everything is in the price  that all fundamental and sentiment information is best communicated by the action on the chart. For this stock, that chart has a great deal to say about what may be to come.

YHOO has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 62.88%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 66.03%. Based on a raw data interpretation, this perspective doesn t suggest either an overbought or oversold condition.

As professionals know, risk is best understood through a measure of volatility in an investment vehicle. In recent action, YHOO has made a move of +1.00 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 24.83%, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 13.83%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.6%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $29.80 sits at $36.26. YHOO also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $40.76. Earnings Clues on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Textron Inc. (TXT) Analyst's Predictions Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) gained 0.31% with the closing price of $45.55. The overall volume in the last trading session was 3.71 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.26 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.33 and sector s optimum level is 9.43.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have shown a high EPS growth of -17.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.40 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $46.72 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.86% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $45.55 a share and the price is up more than 17.79% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.40 vs. an industry average at 5.49. Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT) ended its day at $47.17 with the rising stream of -0.08% and its total traded volume was 3.69 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT)

Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.53, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 3.12 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 5.81. Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT), at its latest closing price of $47.17, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.29, compared to an industry average at 7.88. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT), stock is trading $50.93 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 31.50% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 23.60%. Its share price has risen 4.38% in three months and is down -3.75% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.00. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Cut to Sell at Vetr Inc. Vetr downgraded shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Wednesday. The firm currently has $44.55 price target on the digital content provider s stock.

Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a $51.00 target price (up previously from $50.00) on shares of Yahoo! in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a hold rating and set a $48.00 price target on shares of Yahoo! in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. B. Riley restated a neutral rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of Yahoo! in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Mizuho restated an in-line rating and set a $42.00 price objective on shares of Yahoo! in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated a positive rating and set a $48.00 price objective on shares of Yahoo! in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-two have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $44.08.

Shares of Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) opened at 45.55 on Wednesday. The stock s 50 day moving average price is $43.89 and its 200 day moving average price is $42.20. Yahoo! has a 1-year low of $31.31 and a 1-year high of $46.72. The company s market cap is $43.67 billion.

Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The digital content provider reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters  consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $960.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.38 billion. Yahoo! had a positive return on equity of 0.65% and a negative net margin of 4.15%. The company s revenue for the quarter was down 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.13 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Yahoo! will post $0.68 earnings per share for the current year.

 [[title]]  was posted by [[site]] and is owned by of [[site]]. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at [[permalink]].

In other news, CRO Lisa Utzschneider sold 920 shares of Yahoo! stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.95, for a total transaction of $38,594.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive now directly owns 581,403 shares of the company s stock, valued at approximately $24,389,855.85. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 2,745 shares of company stock valued at $110,768. Insiders own 9.20% of the company s stock.

A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK raised its stake in shares of Yahoo! by 0.9% in the second quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 233,982 shares of the digital content provider s stock valued at $8,788,000 after buying an additional 2,085 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc raised its stake in Yahoo! by 1.5% in the second quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 86,017 shares of the digital content provider s stock worth $3,231,000 after buying an additional 1,241 shares during the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP acquired a new stake in Yahoo! during the second quarter worth about $2,743,000. Gabelli Securities Inc. raised its stake in Yahoo! by 6.7% in the second quarter. Gabelli Securities Inc. now owns 292,344 shares of the digital content provider s stock worth $10,980,000 after buying an additional 18,300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC acquired a new stake in Yahoo! during the second quarter worth about $432,000. 78.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.

Yahoo! Company Profile

Yahoo! Inc (Yahoo), along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in digital information discovery. The Company s segments include the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. The Company focuses on informing, connecting and entertaining its users with its search (Yahoo search), communications, including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger, and digital content products, including Tumblr, and its four verticals, such as Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Lifestyle.

To view Vetr s full report, visit Vetr s official website.

Get Analysts' Upgrades and Downgrades Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of analysts' upgrades, downgrades and new coverage with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Stocks Buzz: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) , Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ ... On 2/24/2017, Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) closed at $45.55 in last trading day. After noting the initial trading entry at $45.14, it reached to a day s high of $45.55 and moved to a day s low of $44.95. The recent daily volume was 3.71 million as contrast to it s an average volume of 8.97 million.

Technical Indicators:

The last close of the Yahoo! Inc. stock reflects that it traded up +3.79% from its 50-day moving average of $43.89. The stock traded above +7.94% to its 200-day MA of $42.20. Furthermore, it moved lower -2.50% from its 52-week high of $46.72 and +45.48% up from $31.31, which is 52-week low of the stock.

Yahoo! Inc. s (YHOO) moved with shift of 0.86% in the past week. Over the last three months, the shares of the company have changed 11.07% and performed 8.69% over the last six months. The stock currently has Monthly Volatility of 1.48% and Weekly Volatility of 1.51%.

Yahoo! Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides search and display advertising services on Yahoo properties and affiliate sites worldwide. The company offers Yahoo Search that serves as a guide for users to discover information on the Internet; Yahoo Mail, which connects users to the people and content; and Yahoo Messenger, an instant messaging service, which enables users to connect, communicate, and share experiences in real-time. It also provides digital content products, including Yahoo News, which gives users to discover, consume, and engage around the news, content, and video; Yahoo Sports, which serves audiences of sports enthusiasts; Yahoo Finance that offers a range of financial data, information, and tools; Yahoo Lifestyle to engage users passionate about style and fashion; and Tumblr, which provides a Web platform and mobile applications on iOS and android to create, share, and curate content, as well as Tumblr messaging that enables users to engage with other users that share their same interests and passions. In addition, the company provides advertiser products, such as Yahoo Gemini, a marketplace for search and native advertising; and BrightRoll, which offers a suite of media-agnostic tools to enable advertisers, publishers, and partners connect with users across ad formats and devices. Further, it offers advertising formats; and digital advertising products, such as Yahoo native, Yahoo video, Yahoo premium, and Yahoo audience ads. Additionally, the company offers Yahoo Mobile Developer suite consisting of Flurry Analytics, Yahoo App Publishing, Yahoo App Marketing, and Tumblr In-App Sharing tools to measure, monetize, advertise, and improve their apps. Yahoo! Inc. was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.

Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) finalized the last transaction at value of $43.45, with a daily change of -1.03% or -0.45 points. The company maintained volume of 447.94 thousand shares. In past trading day, the stock hit the maximum price of $44.35 and touched to minimum value of $42.95. It has a market cap of $ 1.63B.

Technical Indicators:

As of last trade close, the stock is trading downside -33.81% from its one year high of $65.64 and moved +45.08% upward from $29.95, which is one year low of the stock.

The stock traded above +6.48% from its 50-day moving average of $40.81. Furthermore, the stock moved up +16.85% to its 200-day MA of $ 37.19.

During the last month, Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s (PCRX) has changed 11.84% and performed 9.01% over the last 6 months. The mean rating score for this stock is at 2.10. This rating scale contains from 1 to 5 with 5 representing a Strong Sell, 1 signifying a Strong Buy and 3 demonstrating a Hold. The Volatility was noted at 4.45% in recent month and observed Weekly Volatility of 3.84%. Yahoo Discloses Cybersecurity Measures In Wake Of Breaches Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Stock Price of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases 1% Yahoo! Inc. stock has recorded a 20-day Moving Average of 1.74% and the 50-Day Moving Average is 7.61%.The 200 Day SMA reached 11.88%Yahoo! Inc. is having a Relative Strength Index of 65.65 which indicates the stock is not yet over sold or over bought based on the technical indicators. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has climbed 1% in the past week and advanced 2.54% in the last 4 weeks. The company has outperformed the S&P 500 by 0.31% in the past week but underperformed the index by 0.6% in the last 4 weeks.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) : On Friday heightened volatility was witnessed in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) which led to swings in the share price. The stock opened for trading at $45.14 and hit $45.55 on the upside , eventually ending the session at $45.55, with a gain of 0.31% or 0.14 points. The heightened volatility saw the trading volume jump to 3,714,785 shares. The 52-week high of the share price is $46.72 and the company has a market cap of $43,460 million. The 52-week low of the share price is at $29.8 .

Currently the company Insiders own 9.2% of Yahoo! Inc. shares according to the proxy statements. In the past twelve weeks, the net percent change held by company insiders has changed by -2.05% . Institutional Investors own 81.05% of Yahoo! Inc. shares. During last six month period, the net percent change held by insiders has seen a change of -5.04%. Company has reported several Insider transactions to the SEC, on Feb 13, 2017, Lisa Utzschneider (Chief Revenue Officer) sold 451 shares at 44.95 per share price.On May 5, 2016, Kenneth A Goldman (Chief Financial Officer) sold 200,000 shares at 36.10 per share price.On Apr 20, 2015, Marissa A Mayer (Chief Executive Officer) sold 100,000 shares at 46.00 per share price.

Yahoo! Last issued its quarterly earnings results on Jan 23, 2017. The company reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, beating the analyst consensus estimate by $ 0.04. Analyst had a consensus of $0.21. The company had revenue of $960.00 million for the quarter, compared to analysts expectations of $907.72 million. The companys revenue was down -4.2 % compared to the same quarter last year.During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.13 EPS.

Yahoo! Inc. is a global Internet communications, commerce and media company that offers a comprehensive branded network of services. As one of the first online navigational guides to the World Wide Web, Yahoo! is one of the leading guides in terms of traffic, advertising, and household and business user reach. The company also provides online business and enterprise services designed to enhance the productivity and Web presence of Yahoo!s clients. DryShips Inc. Announces the Initiation of a Regular Quarterly Dividend Policy ... ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Feb 27, 2017) - DryShips Inc. ( NASDAQ : DRYS ) (the "Company" or "DryShips"), a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels, announced today that its Board of Directors has decided to initiate a new dividend policy. Under this policy, the Company will pay a regular fixed quarterly dividend of $2.5 million to the holders of common stock. In addition, at its discretion, the Board may decide to pay additional amounts as dividend each quarter depending on market conditions and the Company's financial performance, over and above the fixed amount.

With respect to the quarter ended December 31, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $2.5 million to the common shareholders of record as of March 15, 2017 and payable on or about March 31, 2017. The dividend per share amount to be paid by the Company will be determined based on the number of shares outstanding on the record date.

George Economou, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented:

"We are very excited to initiate our new dividend policy which is a testament to the dramatic transformation of the Company's finances over the last 6 months. We continue to transform DryShips and we are confident that the results of our efforts will become evident in the near future."

About DryShips

The Company is a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels that operate worldwide. The Company owns a fleet of 13 Panamax drybulk carriers with a combined deadweight tonnage of approximately 1.0 million tons, 1 Very Large Gas Carrier newbuilding, 1 Very Large Crude Carrier and 1 Aframax tanker newbuilding, each of which are expected to be delivered in the second quarter of 2017 and 6 offshore supply vessels, comprising 2 platform supply and 4 oil spill recovery vessels.

DryShips' common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market where it trades under the symbol "DRYS."

Visit the Company's website at www.dryships.com. The information contained on the Company's website does not constitute a part of this press release.

Forward-Looking Statements

Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with such safe harbor legislation.

Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and may include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts.

The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, management's examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company's records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company's control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections.

Important factors that, in the Company's view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the factors related to the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including changes in charter rates and vessel values, failure of a seller or shipyard to deliver one or more vessels, failure of a buyer to accept delivery of a vessel, our inability to procure acquisition financing, default by one or more charterers of our ships, changes in demand for drybulk or LPG commodities, changes in demand that may affect attitudes of time charterers, scheduled and unscheduled drydocking, changes in our voyage and operating expenses, including bunker prices, dry-docking and insurance costs, changes in governmental rules and regulations, changes in our relationships with the lenders under our debt agreements, potential liability from pending or future litigation, domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents, international hostilities and political events or acts by terrorists.

Risks and uncertainties are further described in reports filed by DryShips Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 20-F. 
2017-02-24
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Home Depot, Medtronic, Kraft Heinz, Yahoo ... For Immediate Release

Chicago, IL   February 24, 2017   Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD   Free Report ), Medtronic plc (NYSE: MDT   Free Report ), Kraft Heinz Co (NASDAQ: KHC   Free Report ), Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO   Free Report ) and Spectra Energy Corp. ( SE   Free Report ).

Today, Zacks is promoting its ''Buy'' stock recommendations. Get #1Stock of the Day pick for free .

Here are highlights from Thursday s Analyst Blog:

Top Research Reports for Friday: HD, MDT, KHC

Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD   Free Report ), Medtronic plc (NYSE: MDT   Free Report ) and Kraft Heinz Co (NASDAQ: KHC   Free Report ).

Home Depot shares have gained +15.61% over the last year, more than the Zacks Building Products - Retail industry, which has gained +12.06% over the same period. Improving customer experience, solid execution and consistent housing market recovery helped the company post better-than-expected bottom-line results for fourth-quarter fiscal 2016, retaining its four-year long trend of beating earnings estimates.

Home Depot initiated a robust guidance for fiscal 2017 and updated its capital allocation strategy, which called for a higher long-term dividend payout target of 55% of net earnings. (You can read the full research report on Home Depothere. )

Medtronic shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Medical - Products industry over the past one year, gaining +4.17% vs +12.49%. A mixed second-quarter fiscal 2017 result in November coupled with lowered guidance for fiscal 2017 is discouraging, indicating slim of recovery down the line. However, Medtronic s recent tie-up with Fitbit in diabetes care may have a positive impact on the company. It s consistent growth across all groups and regions are also encouraging. Recent FDA approvals may also boost the company. (You can read the full research report on Medtronic here. )

Kraft Heinz has outperformed the broader sector in the past one year, while its fourth-quarter 2016 earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company s overall organic sales growth for the said quarter was commendable, while margins also improved.

The company s move to raise its three-year integration cost savings target to $1.7 billion from $1.5 billion is also appreciable. But, the company s net sales declined 3.7% year over year because of lower sales across all segments. (You can read the full research report on Kraft Heinzhere. )

Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO   Free Report ) and Spectra Energy Corp. ( SE   Free Report ).

Today's Private Buys & Sells from Zacks Research

While we share the above news with the public, our sensitive recommendations are hidden from everyone but selected members. Would you like to peek behind the curtain and view them?

Starting today, for the next month, you can follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time from value to momentum . . . from stocks under $10 to ETF and option moves . . . from insider trades to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises (we've called them with 80%+ accuracy). You can even look inside portfolios so exclusive that they are normally closed to new investors. Click here for Zacks' secret trades >>

Today, Zacks is promoting its ''Buy'' stock recommendations. Get #1 Stock of the Day pick for free .

About Zacks Equity Research

Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.

Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations and target prices are six-month time horizons.

Strong Stocks that Should Be in the News

Many are little publicized and fly under the Wall Street radar. They're virtually unknown to the general public. Yet today's 220 Zacks Rank #1 "Strong Buys" were generated by the stock-picking system that has nearly tripled the market from 1988 through 2015. Its average gain has been a stellar +26% per year. See these high-potential stocks free >>. US companies decry Trump action on transgender student rights NEW YORK: U.S. companies led by tech firms Yahoo Inc, Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp criticized the Trump administration's decision to revoke Obama administration guidance that allowed transgender public school students to use the bathroom of their choice.

Their statements evoked the opposition expressed by many businesses last year when the state of North Carolina passed a law that forces transgender people to use public restrooms matching their gender assigned at birth.

The resulting boycotts have cost North Carolina more than US$560 million in economic activity, according to the online magazine Facing South.

Companies lacked the same opportunity to protest with their dollars in this instance, since the Trump administration action pertains to schools, but still signaled they stood with the Obama policy of using the federal government to expand transgender civil rights.

"It's ultimately going to come down to the business community to stop it because it's so bad for business," said Christopher Gergen, chief executive of Forward Impact, an entrepreneurial organization based in Raleigh, North Carolina.

In unveiling the new direction on Wednesday, Trump administration officials argued that transgender policies should be an issue for the states to decide.

"The action taken by the administration is troubling and goes against all that we believe in," Yahoo said in a statement.

Social conservatives have hailed the decision by the Justice and Education departments to defer transgender bathroom policies to the states, calling it a victory for privacy and traditional values.

But companies have tried to persuade state and local governments to side with transgender people.

"We support efforts toward greater acceptance, not less, and we strongly believe that transgender students should be treated as equals," Apple said in a statement.

Microsoft President Brad Smith looked to history as a guide, referencing the date that the Emancipation Proclamation took effect, when President Abraham Lincoln declared freedom for slaves.

"Since Jan. 1, 1863, the federal government has played a vital role in protecting the rights of all Americans. Let's not stop now," Smith said on Twitter.

Twitter and Square CEO Jack Dorsey joined other tech firms criticizing the Trump administration's position.

"Rolling back rights for transgender students is wrong," Dorsey said in a tweet on Thursday. "Twitter and Square stand with the LGBTQ community, always."

In response to the North Carolina law, companies such as Deutsche Bank and PayPal canceled expansion plans, costing the state jobs.

By invoking states' rights, the Trump administration is potentially emboldening legislatures in other states that are considering laws similar to North Carolina's HB2.

(Reporting by Daniel Trotta; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) 
2017-01-20
Yahoo earnings preview: Nothing really matters Yahoo Inc. is scheduled to release its latest round of quarterly and full-year earnings on Monday, but nobody really cares.

While fourth-quarter results are typically important for Yahoo YHOO, +1.66% as online advertising can peak around the holiday shopping season, the company s core internet business already has a price tag that is unlikely to change due to these numbers. Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.25% has agreed to pay $4.8 billion for Yahoo, and the factor that could change that price is not financial results but embarrassing hacks that have accessed large caches of Yahoo user data.

That $4.8 billion is factored into Yahoo s current market capitalization of more than $40 billion, with the rest spun off into an entity that will be called Altaba if or when the Verizon deal is complete. The future Altaba will largely be unaffected by Yahoo s fourth-quarter results, though, and could see more movement from the Tuesday earnings report of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, +2.49% as stock in the Chinese e-commerce company is a main component of Yahoo s leftovers.

In accordance with the low-key nature of the results and the nonfinancial storm swarming Yahoo at the moment, the company plans to release earnings after the market closes Monday and not hold a conference call. Barring an announcement about the Verizon deal or more information about the latest disclosed hack, expect the silence around this report to be deafening.

Here's what Trump means for the tech industry (1:34) The incoming Trump administration has given Silicon Valley a headache, mainly due to potential plans to penalize companies that manufacture goods in China. But not all of Trump's proposed policies may have a harmful effect on the tech sector.

However, since MarketWatch is a full-service financial-news organization, here is what to expect:

Earnings: Analysts on average expect Yahoo to report net income of $120 million, or 11 cents a share, according to FactSet. After adjustments for stock-based compensation and other factors, analysts project profit of 21 cents a share. Contributors at Estimize, which crowdsources estimates from analysts, fund managers and academics, expect profit of 22 cents a share.

Those results would shine in comparison to last year s fourth quarter, when Yahoo announced a $4.5 billion impairment charge and reported GAAP losses of $4.70 a share, though adjusted profit without the charge was reported as 13 cents a share.

Revenue: FactSet reports that analysts on average expect Yahoo to report total revenue of $1.38 billion, which falls to $908 million after subtracting traffic-acquisition costs, the money Yahoo pays to partners to drive eyeballs to Yahoo properties. Estimize contributors project ex-TAC revenue to hit $910.3 million.

In the same quarter last year, Yahoo reported total revenue of $1.27 billion, and revenue minus TAC of $1 billion. Those results kept alive an 11-year streak of $1 billion-plus quarters, but it died in the first quarter of 2016 and Yahoo has not hit that mark since.

Stock reaction: Yahoo stock has gained after earnings in each of the past three quarters, though as noted above, the stock has moved more on other factors than actual Yahoo core performance for a while. Before that recent streak, Yahoo had fallen after its earnings report in five consecutive quarters and eight of the previous 10.

Overall, Yahoo stock has declined 1% in the past three months and gained 45.8% in the past year, while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.07% has increased 5.7% and 21.8% in the same time periods. Of 27 analysts tracked by FactSet, 11 rate Yahoo the equivalent of buy while 16 rate the stock as a hold, with an average price target of $41.99. Why You Should May Want to Buy Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Ahead of Earnings Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Yahoo! Inc. ( YHOO ) may be one such company.

The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report.

That is because Yahoo! is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings   with the most up-to-date information possible   is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for YHOO in this report.

In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 15 cents per share for YHOO, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 14 cents per share.

This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for YHOO, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of 7.14% heading into earnings season.

A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10 year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here).

Given that YHOO has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.

Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for Yahoo!, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report.

The Best Place to Start Your Stock Search

Today, you are invited to download the full, up-to-the-minute list of 220 Zacks Rank #1  Strong Buy  stocks   absolutely free of charge. Since 1988, Zacks Rank #1 stocks have nearly tripled the market, with average gains of +26% per year. Plus, you can access the list of portfolio-killing Zacks Rank #5  Strong Sells  and other private research. See these stocks free >>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report

Yahoo Inc. (YHOO): Free Stock Analysis Report

To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Yahoo Japan defies calls to halt ivory sales as poaching soars Yahoo Japan, the country s biggest online auction site, is rebuffing calls to end online ivory trading despite Yahoo Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer s misgivings over facilitating a business blamed for the illegal slaughter of African elephants.

Yahoo Japan doesn t accept that ivory sold on its platform   supposedly imported into Japan before a 1989 ban on international shipments   is a factor behind the sharp rise in poaching on the African savannah in recent years.

Dismissing animal rights campaigners  concerns, even though the ivory business contributes only a fraction of its sales, Yahoo Japan also says that as long as no laws are broken people should be able to trade whatever they like on the internet.

 We want to provide an internet auction site where people can trade freely, and at this moment we have no intention of banning legal trading without any reason,  a spokesman for Yahoo Japan said.

 We don t believe the ivory sales contribute to a fall in elephant numbers,  he added.

A count of African elephants   the main source of poached ivory   showed the population had fallen to less than 380,000 in 2014.

With their numbers dropping around 30 percent between 2007 and 2014, African elephants are on the World Wildlife Fund s vulnerable list.

Meantime, sales of ivory via Yahoo Japan have risen exponentially.

In 2015, 28,000 ivory pieces were traded on Yahoo Japan, more than seven times as much as a decade earlier, including 438 whole tusks, according to a recent report by the Environmental Investigation Agency (EIA).

Ivory is traditionally used in Japan to make hanko (carved name seals). But because much of Japan s ivory is unregistered, wildlife groups say Japan provides an opportunity for unscrupulous traders to register poached ivory for sale to Chinese traders.

China said two weeks ago it will ban the domestic trade by the end of 2017, shutting the door to the world s biggest market for poached ivory.

Rakuten disallows tusks

Yahoo Japan rival Rakuten Inc., which recently agreed to become FC Barcelona s sponsor, still allows ivory sales on its site, but has stepped back from sales of whole tusks, a spokesman for the company said.

California-based Yahoo, which bans the sale of endangered animal products, says it can t force Yahoo Japan to change. Mayer has not publicly addressed the issue, though she has let it be known that she has raised concerns internally.

 Marissa has met up dozens of times with Yahoo Japan on this issue,  said a source with knowledge of the meetings.  Sometimes it s engagement with board members and sometimes it s meetings with the CEOs,  he added.

The Yahoo Japan spokesman confirmed that Mayer has met its CEO, Manabu Miyasaka, but declined to give details of the talks.

Ron Bell, a counsel for Yahoo, issued a statement last year describing the relationship with Yahoo Japan as one of  passive ownership. 

Aside from having its brand above the door, Yahoo has a 35.6 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, second only to the 36.4 percent owned by the Softbank Group controlled by billionaire businessman Masayoshi Son.

In Japan, shareholders who own more than a third of a company s stock have the right to veto board decisions.

The U.S. company declined to comment further when asked whether it would consider taking action.

Yahoo Japan declined to say how much it earned in commissions from online ivory sales. But EIA estimated it was $7 million in 2015, constituting just a tiny part of the $5.52 billion in revenues Yahoo Japan reported for the 2015-16 financial year.

Laundering ivory

Only registered ivory shipped before the 1989 ban on exports under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species can be traded in Japan.

At a CITES meeting in September, 182 countries approved a nonbinding proposal to end domestic trading that animal rights groups say has spurred a revival in poaching.

Japanese officials, however, have so far said they are reluctant to stop trading on Yahoo Japan or elsewhere because they believe only preban ivory is traded.

 If you closed down a well-established market like Japan it would not stop the killing. It would drive the market underground,  said a spokesman from the Environment Ministry.

Nobody, however, knows how much ivory came to Japan before 1989 or how much remains unregistered, raising suspicions about shipments to China.

 Regrettably, that makes us vulnerable to criticism,  said the official from the ministry, which estimates there is about 2,000 tons of ivory in Japan, of which only 300 tons is registered.

That registration and accompanying third-party confirmation are subject to few checks to stop poached ivory from entering the market, animal rights groups say.

 The third-party requirement is the problem; even family members are allowed,  said Masayuki Sakamoto, an official at EIA.  It is kind of official laundering.  Tucows Inc. To Acquire eNom from Rightside -- Combined Entity Will Be The Second Largest Domain Registrar In The World --



TORONTO, Jan. 20, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tucows Inc. (TCX) (TC.TO), a provider of network access, domain names and other Internet services, announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire wholesale domain name registrar eNom from Rightside Group, Ltd. (NAME). The transaction is expected to close later today.

Tucows will pay $83.5 million and the transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings. The acquisition will be funded through an amendment increasing Tucows  existing credit facility to a total of $140 million.

The acquisition of eNom will add 14.5 million domains under management and 28,000 active resellers. That will give Tucows a total network of over 40,000 resellers globally and 29 million domains under management, making it the second largest domain registrar in the world.

 For years, eNom and OpenSRS have been the two leading registrars primarily focused on the needs of resellers. This focus means these businesses fit very well together,  said David Woroch, Tucows  Executive Vice President of Domains.  The acquisition keeps eNom resellers where they will be well understood, well valued and well served and creates tremendous value for Tucows and resellers on both sides through efficiency and scale. 

Elliot Noss, Tucows  CEO added,  This industry has changed so much since Tucows and eNom each launched wholesale registrar services over fifteen years ago and .com, .net and .org essentially represented the namespace. It is a lot more challenging and complex now. At the same time, it is more mature and much more competitive. Scale is absolutely critical. This is a rare deal that gives Tucows and its investors exactly that while offering an immediate cash on cash return. 

NOTE TO INVESTORS: We know that releasing this transaction on a Friday morning, especially this particular Friday morning, is not ideal. We apologize for that. These things sometimes cannot be helped.

Conference Call

Tucows management will host a conference call today, Friday, January 20, 2017 at 11 am (ET) to discuss this announcement. Participants can access the conference call by dialing (888) 231-8191 or (647) 427-7450 or via the Internet at http://www.tucows.com/investors.



For those unable to participate in the conference call at the scheduled time, it will be archived for replay both by telephone and via the Internet beginning approximately one hour following completion of the call. To access the archived conference call by telephone, dial 1-855-859-2056 or 416-849-0833 and enter the passcode 56195754 followed by the pound key. The telephone replay will be available until January 27, 2017 at midnight ET. To access the archived conference call as an MP3 via the Internet, go to http://www.tucows.com/investors.



About Tucows

Tucows is a provider of network access, domain names and other Internet services. Ting (https://ting.com) delivers mobile phone service and fixed Internet access with outstanding customer support. OpenSRS (http://opensrs.com) manages nearly 15 million domain names and millions of value-added services through a global reseller network of over 13,000 web hosts and ISPs. Hover (http://hover.com) makes it easy for individuals and small businesses to manage their domain names and email addresses. More information can be found on Tucows  corporate website (http://tucows.com).



About Rightside

Rightside  inspires and delivers new possibilities for consumers and businesses to define and present themselves online. The company, with its affiliates, is a leading provider of domain name services, offering one of the industry s most comprehensive platforms for the discovery, registration, usage, and monetization of domain names. Headquartered in Kirkland, WA, Rightside has offices in North America, Europe, and Australia. For more information please visit www.rightside.co.

This news release contains forward-looking statements related to the acquisition, including, without limitation, the expected closing of the acquisition, the expectation that the transaction will be immediately accretive to earnings, the funding through an increase under Tucows  existing credit facility, and the effect of the acquisition. Such statements are based on management s current expectations and are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Information about potential factors that could affect Tucows  business, results of operations and financial condition is included in the Risk Factors sections of Tucows  filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to Tucows as of the date of this document, and except to the extent Tucows may be required to update such information under any applicable securities laws, Tucows assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.

Read More 
2017-03-22
Final Deadline Reminder for Yahoo! Inc. Shareholders   YHOO RADNOR, Pa., March 22, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP reminds Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) ( Yahoo  or the  Company ) shareholders that a class action lawsuit has been filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of purchasers of Yahoo s securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, inclusive (the  Class Period ).



FINAL DEADLINE REMINDER: Yahoo shareholders may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join.

Shareholders who wish to discuss their legal rights or interests with respect to this action are encouraged to contact Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check (Darren J. Check, Esq., D. Seamus Kaskela, Esq. or Adrienne O. Bell, Esq.) at (888) 299   7706 or (610) 667   7706, or via e-mail at info@ktmc.com.

Yahoo is a multinational technology company that provides a variety of internet services including a search engine, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, advertising and fantasy sports. As of February 2016, Yahoo had an estimated 1 billion monthly active users. On July 25, 2016, Verizon Communications, Inc. ( Verizon ) formally announced its intent to acquire Yahoo s internet business for $4.8 billion.

The shareholder class action complaint alleges that Yahoo and certain of its executive officers made a series of materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company s business, operations and prospects to investors during the Class Period. Specifically, the defendants are alleged to have made false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users  personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users  personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (ii) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (iii) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo s websites and services; and (iv) as a result, Yahoo s public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo disclosed that hackers had stolen information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell $1.35 per share, or over 3%, to close on September 23, 2016 at $42.80 per share.

Then, on December 14, 2016, Yahoo announced an additional data breach and reported that data from more than 1 billion user accounts had been compromised in August 2013. Further, Yahoo disclosed that,  [f]or potentially affected accounts, the stolen user account information may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (using MD5) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.  Following this disclosure, The Wall Street Journal reported that Verizon was considering ways to amend the terms of its deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach and would likely seek  major concessions  from Yahoo. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell an additional $2.50 per share, or over 6%, to close on December 15, 2016 at $38.41 per share.

Finally, on January 23, 2017, The Wall Street Journal reported that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had opened an investigation into the timing of Yahoo s disclosures regarding the data breaches.

Yahoo shareholders may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class through Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check or other counsel, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. A lead plaintiff is a representative party who acts on behalf of all class members in directing the litigation. In order to be appointed as a lead plaintiff, the Court must determine that the class member s claim is typical of the claims of other class members, and that the class member will adequately represent the class in the action. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision of whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join .

Read More March 27 Deadline Alert: Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Reminds Yahoo! Inc ... BENSALEM, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Law Offices of Howard G. Smith reminds investors of the upcoming March 27, 2017 deadline to file a lead plaintiff motion in the class action filed on behalf of a class of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo!  or the  Company ) (NASDAQ: YHOO) securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, inclusive (the  Class Period ). Yahoo! investors have until March 27, 2017 to file a lead plaintiff motion.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo! revealed to the public that hackers improperly acquired information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news caused the price of Yahoo! shares to drop over 3%.

Then, on December 14, 2016, post-market, Yahoo! announced that it had uncovered a data breach, compromising more than 1 billion user accounts since August 2013. On this news, Yahoo!'s share price fell over 6% during intraday trading on December 15, 2016. And, according to several news reports, the data breach jeopardizes Verizon s proposed purchase of Yahoo.

If you purchased Yahoo! shares, you may move the Court no later than March 27, 2017 to request appointment as lead plaintiff. To be a member of the class you need not take any action at this time; you may retain counsel of your choice or take no action and remain an absent member of the Class. If you wish to learn more about this action, or if you have any questions concerning this announcement or your rights or interests with respect to these matters, please contact Howard G. Smith, Esquire, of Law Offices of Howard G. Smith, 3070 Bristol Pike, Suite 112, Bensalem, Pennsylvania 19020 by telephone at (215) 638-4847, toll-free at (888) 638-4847, or by email to howardsmith@howardsmithlaw.com, or visit our website at http://www.howardsmithlaw.com.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170322005410/en/ Users accuse Yahoo! Inc. of lax security measures SAN FRANCISCO (Legal Newsline)   Users have filed a class action lawsuit against Yahoo! Inc., citing alleged breach of implied warranty, breach of warranty, negligence and unfair competition.

Matthew Ridolfo and Deana Ridolfo filed a complaint Feb. 7 on behalf of similarly situated individuals in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against Yahoo! Inc., alleging that the corporation failed to keep their users personal information safe from any security breaches.

According to the complaint, the plaintiffs allege that Matthew Ridolfo and Deana Ridolfo suffered damages from having their personal information stolen from their email account. The plaintiffs holds Yahoo! Inc. responsible because the defendant allegedly failed to keep adequate security measures to ensure that their user's personal information is kept safe from date security breaches.

The plaintiffs request a trial by jury and seek enjoin the defendant, award compensatory, exemplary, and statutory damages, interest, disgorgement, restitution, all legal fees, interest, and any other relief as this court deems just. They are represented by Lee A. Cirsch, Robert K. Friedl and Trisha K. Monesi of Capstone Law APC in Los Angeles.

U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California Case number 3:17-cv-00619-MEJ The Unified Clarity of The Technical Chart For Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Is Amazing Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock. This is the breakdown as we see it. Contrary to popular belief, ignorance is not bliss. What you don t know can actually harm you; and if you are a day trader, $1 worth of ignorance could potentially cost you $100 in real wealth. Traders that succeed know this; which is why many don t take on any trade unless they listen intently to what the technical chart has to say.

The 50 and 200 SMAs for YHOO have created a marked trend which is now helping traders to make solid decisions regarding the stock. It s a trend that is now unmistakable. Based on the trend levels presented by both indicators, the overall sentiment towards YHOO is best described as bullish. This trend has created a unified opinion across the trading floor and it is clear that the overall outlook for the stock is now established as positive. But it s not just the outlook that s being affected for the stock. Thanks to the consolidated opinion on YHOO, activity has also seen a pronounced trend. Under current sentiments the volume activity and subsequent trend has created a weak outlook from buyers and sellers. Sentiments have a tendency to either weaken or strengthen as other technical factors begin to influence overall outlook. It s interesting to see how things are playing out for YHOO. It is unsurprising in the case of YHOO, that the current trend has created some indifference among traders regarding the stock. In terms of consistency, it is clear that both the 50 and 200 SMAs have done their job in bring traders the overall trend-picture currently being seen for YHOO.

There is of course more to the tale than just what the SMAs have presented. For those added details, we can take a look at the Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures, both of which give deeper insights into the overall sentiment of buyers and sellers. SMAs will tell alert you to price direction, but when it comes to judging what buyers and sellers are doing, few indicators are better than RSI and the Stochastic. It as this level of technical data that a trader can determine whether a stock is currently overbought is oversold. The current picture for YHOO is of course very telling based on these two additional measures. Based on current readings, YHOO s 14-day RSI is 51.53%. Taken on the standard scale of measurement for RSI, this suggests that YHOO is neutral, suggesting that the stock is relatively stable in terms of price movement up or down. The stochastic reading offers another solid measure of whether the stock is either overbought, or oversold. In the case of YHOO, Stochastic readings gathered over the last 30 days have created a score of 66.80%. This suggests YHOO is neither overbought or oversold at prevailing levels.

Forming any judgment on YHOO purely through the technicals outlined above, whilst not fatal, may cause some problems. This is because there are other technical factors that help paint the overall picture for the stock. By this point in the analysis of YHOO, it is clear that other technical indicators are saying essentially the same things. Specifically the +0.27 has birthed a positive overall sentiment when measured over the previous 30 days or so of trading. Over the longer-term YHOO has outperform the S&P 500 by 12.51. This has, unsurprisingly, created higher volatility levels when compared with similar stocks of the same grade and class. Historical volatility is no less consistent. The historical volatility picture for YHOO is shown in the reading of 12.66%. YHOO has clearly shown its full hand by the overall input of these technical indicators. But there is one final measure that when added to the already rich mix, shows in full color what YHOO is doing. The indicator is the Average True Range, and based on the current 1.46 reading, YHOO is certainly worth paying attention to.

YHOO, like most stocks that presents the current technical picture, should be approached and traded accordingly. Investors Catching Stocks Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) will report its next earnings on Apr 17   Apr 21 (Est.). The company reported the earnings of $0.25/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $0.21/share. The difference between the expected and actual EPS was $0.04/share, which represents an Earnings surprise of 19%.

Many analysts are providing their Estimated Earnings analysis for Yahoo! Inc. and for the current quarter 17 analysts have projected that the stock could give an Average Earnings estimate of $0.14/share. These analysts have also projected a Low Estimate of $0.1/share and a High Estimate of $0.18/share.

In case of Revenue Estimates, 11 analysts have provided their consensus Average Revenue Estimates for Yahoo! Inc. as 1.24 Billion. According to these analysts, the Low Revenue Estimate for Yahoo! Inc. is 1.07 Billion and the High Revenue Estimate is 1.31 Billion. The company had Year Ago Sales of 1.09 Billion.

These analysts also forecasted Growth Estimates for the Current Quarter for YHOO to be 75%. They are projecting Next Quarter growth of 66.7%. For the next 5 years, Yahoo! Inc. is expecting Growth of 3.88% per annum, whereas in the past 5 years the growth was -16.94% per annum.

Some buy side analysts are also providing their Analysis on Yahoo! Inc., where 4 analysts have rated the stock as Strong buy, 6 analysts have given a Buy signal, 15 said it s a HOLD, 0 reported it as Underperform and 0 analysts rated the stock as Sell. (These Recommendations are for the Current Month Only reported by Yahoo Finance.)

When it comes to the Analysis of a Stock, Price Target plays a vital role. 19 Analysts reported that the Price Target for Yahoo! Inc. might touch $57 high while the Average Price Target and Low price Target is $47.63 and $39 respectively.

To analyze a stock, one should look for Upgrades and Downgrades of a stock. Yahoo! Inc. got Downgrade on 21-Oct-16 where investment firm Jefferies Downgrade the stock from Buy to Hold.

Yahoo! Inc. closed its last trading session at $46.77 with the loss of -2.14%. The Market Capitalization of the company stands at 43.78 Billion. The Company has 52-week high of $47.19 and 52-week low of $33.93. The stock s current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) is -0.54% where SMA50 and SMA200 are 2.62% and 10.34% respectively. The Company Touched its 52-Week High on Mar 21, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 24, 2016.

The Relative Volume of the company is 0.92 and Average Volume (3 months) is 6.93 million. Yahoo! Inc. P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 0 and Forward P/E ratio of 64.28.

The company shows its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -0.4%. The Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. While it s Return on Investment (ROI) value is -1.6%.

While looking at the Stock s Performance, Yahoo! Inc. currently shows a Weekly Performance of -1.29%, where Monthly Performance is 1.49%, Quarterly performance is 18.54%, 6 Months performance is 5.97% and yearly performance percentage is 29.04%. Year to Date performance value (YTD perf) value is 18.36%. The Stock currently has a Weekly Volatility of 1.53% and Monthly Volatility of 1.29%. Notable Runners: Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY):

Last Trade:

Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY) ended its previous trading session at $63.36 with the Loss of -0.47%. The company s market cap is $48.43 Billion, and the average volume is $4.9 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $78.48, while the 52-week low range is $61.01. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Aug 30, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Mar 9, 2017. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 4.77, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 2.26. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 1.51% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.55%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 18 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $0.17 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $-0.15, while the High earnings estimate is $0.49.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $0.35.

According to 6 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $2.96 Billion and the Low Revenue estimate is $2.52 Billion, while the High Revenue estimate is $3.29 Billion.

Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY) currently has a High Price Target of $91. The Mean and Low price Targets are $75.13 and $62, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 23 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.81 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO):

Previous Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) shares declined -2.14% and ended the day at $45.77. Its 52-week high and low range is between $47.19 and $33.93. The stock has its 52-Week High on Mar 21, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 24, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 956.49 Million. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 6.41 Million. The stock has a market cap of 43.78 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 0 and Forward P/E of 64.28.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at -0.54%, SMA50 is 2.62 percent, while SMA200 is 10.34%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -0.4 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are -1.6 percent and -0.7 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 0.67. The Weekly Volatility is 1.53% and the Monthly Volatility is 1.29%.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 2.29 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $57 according to consensus of 19 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $39 and the Mean Target of $47.63, according to the Brokers.

Yahoo! Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.14, according to consensus of 17 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $0.1, while the high EPS estimate is $0.18.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $1.24 Billion, according to consensus of 11 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $1.31 Billion and the lower end is $1.07 Billion. 
2017-03-31
Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Yahoo! Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... 

Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Yahoo! Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A Reduced Level





Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Risk Hits A Reduced Level

2017-03-31

Risk Malaise Alert -- Not How You Might Think





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is reflecting a sort of risk malaise, for now, an IV30 ofverus the IV30 of the S&P 500 at. The annual high for Yahoo! Inc IV30 is-- and we're below that level. Thehere is low vol.One thing to note beyond the risk malaise alert, which we cover in the article, is that while implied volatility may be low, the real question that needs to be answered for option sellers is, but ratherTo skip ahead of this risk alert and see if buying or selling options has been a winner in Yahoo! Inc, you can go here: Geting serious about option trading This is a proprietary risk rating and risk alert system that looks forward for the next month -- or really 30 days to be exact -- and that. The system is based on multiple interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) . The creator of this model is Capital Market Laboratories (CMLviz.com).In the "Why This Matters" sectionon Yahoo! Inc we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actuallyin successful option trading than many people know. The whole concept of an "option trading expert" is vastly over complicated and we'll talk about how superior returns are earned.But first, let's turn back to YHOO and the company's risk rating:We also take a peek at the implied vol for the Technology ETF (XLK), our broad based proxy for YHOO.

S&P 500 IV30 9.4% Nasdaq 100 IV30 10.41% XLK IV30 10.64% YHOO HV 30 12.14% YHOO Current IV30 21.76% 52 Week Low IV30 17.22% 52 Week High IV30 50.72%

YHOO

Current IV30 YHOO

Low IV30 YHOO

High IV30 21.8% 17.2% 50.7%

The risk as reflected by the option market has hit a reduced level relative to the company's past. The option market reflects a 95% confidence interval stock price range of ($44.30, $48.90) within the next 30 calendar days.While the option market risk rating is on the low side, we note that companies in this situation are still susceptible to sudden stock move risk, it's simply theof that large stock move is depressed. Buyers of options and volatility may find these prices more attractive than at other times.The IV30  is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the next 30 calendar days -- it's forward looking. Yahoo! Inc shows an IV30 of 21.8%, which is a reduced level for the company relative to its past.The option market for YHOO has shown an IV30 annual low of 17.2% and an annual high of 50.7%, meaning that YHOO is at the 14% percentile right now. Here's a table of the data before we dig into the risk rating further.

The implied stock swing risk from the option market is significantly tighter in the next 30 calendar days for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) than it has been on average for the year.

 

 

 

 

 

 

+20.6%

Further, if we look backwards, the stock has a realized 30-day historical volatility, called the HV30, of 12.14%.We have an unusual situation now where the IV30 is substantially depressed relative to the past, but even with that risk pricing, the option market reflects the likelihood of more stock movement in the next 30-days than it has in the last 30-days. Let's turn to a chart to see what's going on.The YHOO risk rating is at 2.5, where the rating goes from one (the lowest risk) to five (the highest risk). The driving factors for the 2.5 rating are:The IV30 is below the 20th percentile.The IV30 is below 30%.The HV30 is below the 20th percentile.The HV30 is below 30%.The IV30 is above the HV30.The stock has movedover the last 3-months which does indicate some elevated risk. The Dirty Secret to Trading salesforce.com, inc. (CRM), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) are on a recovery track as they have regained 24.28% since bottoming out at $66.43 on Dec. 02, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 1.28% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 20.6% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -2.27% from $84.48 , the 52-week high touched on May. 26, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 11.82% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) s shares projecting a $96 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

CRM s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 29.9% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 26.8% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, salesforce.com, inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 2.14%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 13.6%, and the sector s average is 4.65%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -1.21% since hitting a peak level of $47.19 on Mar. 21, 2017. Thanks to an increase of almost 0.82% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 20.56% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 33.01% higher from $34.62, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Mar. 29, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 6.71% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $46.62, YHOO has a chance to add $1.01 or 2.17% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($47.63) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.4 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.66 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Yahoo! Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly -17.9%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 3.88%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Yahoo! Inc. s ROE is -0.71%, while industry s is 16.43%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.13%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. YHOO s ROA is -1.23%, while industry s average is 9.95%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.12. Top Stock Movers- Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) traded at a yearly high level of $47.19 during the last trading session. The last session s volume of 3.45 million shares was lower than its average volume of 6.53 million shares. The stock, after opening at $46.80, closed at $46.62 by scoring -0.34%. The total market capitalization remained at $44.96 billion.

The stock showed weekly upbeat performance of 0.04%, which was maintained for the month at 0.82%. Likewise, the positive performance for the quarter was recorded as 20.37% and for the year was 26.65%, while the YTD performance remained at 20.56%.

Its last month s stock price volatility remained 1.29% which for the week stands at 1.26%. The share price has moved forward from its 20 days moving average 0.81% and positively from its 50 days moving average 3.10%.

Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN), after opening at $115.29, closed at $114.30 by scoring -1.03%. The last session s volume of 1.69 million shares was lower than its average volume of 2.52 million shares.

The stock was able to keep return on assets at 2.70% in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 7.21% and sector s optimum level is 6.43%.

Turning to market valuation, the P/E ratio is 48.13, the P/S ratio is 2.62 and the P/B ratio is finally 73.27. The stock is up 32.79% in this year through last close, and the beta ratio has a value of 1.87. Wynn Resorts  shares closed the day on a positive, to trade at $115.49, a 0.27% increase from the previous day s value. There is no denying the Raiders  move to Las Vegas will have a desirable effect for the casino industry. The plans to build a 65,000 capacity stadium are at the implementation stage, with the Raiders having already met the $750 million budget. Speaking to Wall Street Journal, Chief Executive Steve Wynn called the move  a game changer .

The upsurge in stock prices in the industry is expected to continue, with industry experts speculating a positive reaction by shareholders; both current and potential. 
2017-03-25
YAHOO! 72 HOUR DEADLINE ALERT: Approximately 72 Hours Remain; Former Louisiana ... NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC ("KSF") and KSF partner, the former Attorney General of Louisiana, Charles C. Foti, Jr., remind investors with large financial interests that they have only until March 27, 2017 to file lead plaintiff applications in a securities class action lawsuit against Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO). Investor losses must relate to purchases of the Company s securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016. This action is pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.

What You May Do

If you purchased securities of Yahoo! and would like to discuss your legal rights and how this case might affect you and your right to recover for your economic loss, you may, without obligation or cost to you, call toll free at 1-877-515-1850 or email KSF Managing Partner Lewis Kahn (lewis.kahn@ksfcounsel.com). If you wish to serve as a lead plaintiff in this class action by overseeing lead counsel with the goal of obtaining a fair and just resolution, you must request this position by application to the Court by March 27, 2017.

About Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC

KSF, whose partners include the Former Louisiana Attorney General Charles C. Foti, Jr., is a law firm focused on securities, antitrust and consumer class actions, along with merger & acquisition and breach of fiduciary litigation against publicly traded companies on behalf of shareholders. The firm has offices in New York, California and Louisiana.

To learn more about KSF, you may visit www.ksfcounsel.com.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170324005691/en/ 
2017-03-30
Hot Stock Overview: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Jefferies Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 10/21/16. The stock recently closed its previous session at $46.78 by showing a percentage change of 0.45% from its previous day closing price of $46.57.

Price Target is basically a projection of future price of a company s stock by the expert analysis of investment analysts or investment firms. There may be various price targets for a stock. These analysts and investment firms use various valuation methods to decide a price target for a stock.

Several investment firms issued their expert ratings on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) in which Needham Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Hold with no specific Price Target on 10/18/16. MKM Partners Maintains the stock to Buy on 10/17/16 with no specific Price Target. Morgan Stanley Downgrades the company s stock to Equal-Weight on 7/26/16 by setting a price target of $42. Credit Suisse Maintains Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Neutral with a price target of $46.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a consensus Price Target of $47.63. While some analysts have a High Price target for the stock of $57 and a Low Price Target of $39.

Several sell side analysts reviewed their recommendations on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) where 4 analyst have rated the stock as Strong Buy, 6 analysts said it s a Buy, 15 rated the stock as Hold, 0 analysts reported Underperform and 0 analysts gave their recommendations as Sell. (Current Month Yahoo Finance Ratings)

Zacks Investment Research also rated the stock with a value of 2.29. This scale runs from 1 to 5 where 1 represents Strong Buy and 5 represents Sell.

In the last Quarter, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) reported its Actual EPS of $0.25/share. The analysts offering Earnings Estimates for the company were believing that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) could bring EPS of $0.21/share. The difference between Actual EPS and Estimated EPS was 0.04 Percent. Thus the company showed an Earnings Surprise of 19 Percent.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a market capitalization of 44.74 Billion. The stock traded with the volume of 4.4 Million shares in the last trading session. The stock touched its high share price of $47.19 on Mar 21, 2017 and the stock also touched its Lowest price in the last 52-weeks of trading on Jun 27, 2016 as $35.05. The company has a 1 Year high price target of $47.63. The stock is currently trading with a distance of 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) of 1.22%. The Moving Average SMA50 is 3.68% while SMA200 is 12.01%.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is currently showing its ROA (Return on Assets) of -0.4%. The Return on Investment (ROI) is at -1.6% while it s Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 20.97 percent while its Weekly performance value is 1.56%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are 2.45 percent and 27.95 percent respectively. The Relative Volume value measured for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 0.64. The Average Volume (3 months) is 6.89 Million.

The stock currently has its Annual Dividend of $0 and an annual Dividend Yield of 0 Percent. YHOO has P/E (Price to Earnings ttm) value of 0, Forward P/E of 65.98, P/C (Price to cash per share) of 6.59 and Price to Free Cash Flow (P/FCF) value of 44.59. The stock is showing its Operating Margin of -12.5 percent.

Company Profile:

Yahoo! Inc. is a global Internet communications, commerce and media company that offers a comprehensive branded network of services. As one of the first online navigational guides to the World Wide Web, Yahoo! is one of the leading guides in terms of traffic, advertising, and household and business user reach. The company also provides online business and enterprise services designed to enhance the productivity and Web presence of Yahoo! s clients. Why to Keeping Eye on Synchrony Financial (SYF), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)? Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) gained 0.36% with the closing price of $33.78. The overall volume in the last trading session was 4.49 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at   in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 1.99 and sector s optimum level is 0.40.

Synchrony Financial (SYF) have shown a high EPS growth of 3.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 2.20% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.70 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $37.92 above its 52-week highs and is up 2.12% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $33.78 a share and the price is up more than -6.53% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.94 vs. an industry average at 2.91. Its sales stood at 10.10% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $46.78 with the rising stream of 0.45% and its total traded volume was 4.4 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.37 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.63. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $46.78, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.43, compared to an industry average at 5.55. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $47.19 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 20.20% in three months and is up 1.56% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. What's Fueling Investor Confidence?   Welltower Inc. (HCN), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares of Welltower Inc. (NYSE:HCN) are on a recovery track as they have regained 21.02% since bottoming out at $59.39 on Nov. 10, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 3.31% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 7.38% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -8.31% from $80.19 , the 52-week high touched on Aug. 01, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 8.17% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Welltower Inc. (HCN) s shares projecting a $70.33 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

HCN s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 26.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 4.7% looks unattractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Welltower Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 17.01%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 41.93%, and the sector s average is 27.17%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -0.87% since hitting a peak level of $47.19 on Mar. 21, 2017. Thanks to an increase of almost 2.45% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 20.97% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 33.62% higher from $35.05, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Mar. 29, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 7.86% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $46.78, YHOO has a chance to add $0.85 or 1.82% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($47.63) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.4 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.66 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Yahoo! Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly -17.9%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 3.88%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Yahoo! Inc. s ROE is -0.71%, while industry s is 17.59%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.23%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. YHOO s ROA is -1.23%, while industry s average is 10.19%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.14. Traders Watch list: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), JD.com, Inc. (JD) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO):

Last Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) ended its previous trading session at $46.78 with the Gain of 0.45%. The company s market cap is $44.74 Billion, and the average volume is $6.89 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $47.19, while the 52-week low range is $35.05. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Mar 21, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 8.62, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 1.43. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 1.40% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.27%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 18 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $0.14 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $0.1, while the High earnings estimate is $0.18.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $0.11.

According to 11 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $1.24 Billion and the Low Revenue estimate is $1.07 Billion, while the High Revenue estimate is $1.31 Billion.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a High Price Target of $57. The Mean and Low price Targets are $47.63 and $39, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 19 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.29 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

JD.com, Inc. (JD):

Previous Trade:

JD.com, Inc. (JD) shares Jumped 0.38% and ended the day at $31.58. Its 52-week high and low range is between $32.47 and $19.51. The stock has its 52-Week High on Mar 2, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Jun 16, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 1.42 Billion. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 3.15 Million. The stock has a market cap of 44.73 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 0 and Forward P/E of 49.23.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at 1.41%, SMA50 is 5.76 percent, while SMA200 is 21.34%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -2.9 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are -3.6 percent and -11.2 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 0.76. The Weekly Volatility is 2.47% and the Monthly Volatility is 2.57%.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 1.8 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $58.2 according to consensus of 32 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $20.02 and the Mean Target of $35.25, according to the Brokers.

JD.com, Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.11, according to consensus of 12 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $-0.58, while the high EPS estimate is $0.69.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $73.52 Billion, according to consensus of 13 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $74.5 Billion and the lower end is $71.69 Billion. 
2017-01-31
Shareholder Class Action Filed Against Yahoo! Inc. - YHOO RADNOR, Pa., Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The law firm of Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP announces that a shareholder class action lawsuit has been filed against Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) ("Yahoo" or the "Company") on behalf of purchasers of the Company's securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, inclusive (the "Class Period").

Investors who purchased Yahoo securities during the Class Period may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join.

Yahoo shareholders who wish to discuss this action and their legal options are encouraged to contact Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP (Darren J. Check, Esq., D. Seamus Kaskela, Esq. or Adrienne O. Bell, Esq.) at (888) 299-7706 or at info@ktmc.com.

Yahoo is a multinational technology company that provides a variety of internet services including a search engine, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, advertising and fantasy sports. As of February 2016, Yahoo had an estimated 1 billion monthly active users. On July 25, 2016, Verizon Communications, Inc. ("Verizon") formally announced its intent to acquire Yahoo's internet business for $4.8 billion.

The shareholder class action complaint alleges that Yahoo and certain of its executive officers made a series of materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company's business, operations and prospects to investors during the Class Period. Specifically, the defendants are alleged to have made false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users' personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users' personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (ii) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (iii) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo's websites and services; and (iv) as a result, Yahoo's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo disclosed that hackers had stolen information in late 2014 on more than 500 user million accounts. On this news, Yahoo's share price fell $1.35 per share, or over 3%, to close on September 23, 2016 at $42.80 per share.

Then, on December 14, 2016, Yahoo announced an additional data breach and reported that data from more than 1 billion user accounts had been compromised in August 2013. Further, Yahoo disclosed that, "[f]or potentially affected accounts, the stolen user account information may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (using MD5) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers." Following this disclosure, The Wall Street Journal reported that Verizon was considering ways to amend the terms of its deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach and would likely seek "major concessions" from Yahoo. On this news, Yahoo's share price fell an additional $2.50 per share, or over 6%, to close on December 15, 2016 at $38.41 per share.

Finally, on January 23, 2017, The Wall Street Journal reported that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had opened an investigation into the timing of Yahoo's disclosures regarding the data breaches.

Yahoo shareholders may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class through Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check or other counsel, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. A lead plaintiff is a representative party who acts on behalf of all class members in directing the litigation. In order to be appointed as a lead plaintiff, the Court must determine that the class member's claim is typical of the claims of other class members, and that the class member will adequately represent the class in the action. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision of whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join.

Read More DryShips Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Results Release Date ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Jan 31, 2017) - DryShips Inc. ( NASDAQ : DRYS ) (the "Company" or "DryShips"), a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels, announced today that it will release its results for the fourth quarter 2016 after the market closes in New York on Tuesday, February 7, 2017.

About DryShips Inc.

DryShips Inc. is a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels that operate worldwide. The Company owns a fleet of 13 Panamax drybulk carriers with a combined deadweight tonnage of approximately 1.0 million tons, 1 Very Large Gas Carrier newbuilding and 6 offshore supply vessels, comprising 2 platform supply and 4 oil spill recovery vessels.

DryShips' common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market where it trades under the symbol "DRYS."

Visit the Company's website at www.dryships.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with such safe harbor legislation.

Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and may include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts.

The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, management's examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company's records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company's control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections.

Important factors that, in the Company's view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the factors related to the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including changes in charter rates and vessel values, failure of a seller or shipyard to deliver one or more vessels, failure of a buyer to accept delivery of a vessel, our inability to procure acquisition financing, default by one or more charterers of our ships, changes in demand for drybulk or LPG commodities, changes in demand that may affect attitudes of time charterers, scheduled and unscheduled drydocking, changes in our voyage and operating expenses, including bunker prices, dry-docking and insurance costs, changes in governmental rules and regulations, changes in our relationships with the lenders under our debt agreements, potential liability from pending or future litigation, domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents, international hostilities and political events or acts by terrorists.

Risks and uncertainties are further described in reports filed by DryShips Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 20-F. 
2017-01-11
Alibaba Gets Alter Ego With Altaba Alibaba will closely watch the performance of the newly minted Altaba over the next 1-2 years, and could make a privatization bid with Softbank if it feels the company is undermining its own stock.

The biggest of those will be a 35 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, which is worth another $8 billion, and a small portfolio of patents.

Yahoo formally disclosed the listed company that bears its name will formally become known as Altaba after the sale of its Internet assets to Verizon closes.

Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) co-founder Jerry Yang never would have dreamed a decade ago that the ground-breaking search engine he co-founded might someday morph into a Chinese e-commerce company called Alibaba (NYSE:BABA). But that's pretty much what has just happened, with official word from Yang's former baby that it will change its name to Altaba following the pending sale of its core Internet business.

This particular twist has a bizarre and just slightly surreal feel to it, since Yahoo was still a global powerhouse when it invested a then eye-popping $1 billion for 40 percent of a small Chinese e-commerce company called Alibaba back in 2005. But the tables have reversed since then, and what's left of Yahoo's original Internet business is being sold to leading US mobile carrier Verizon (NYSE:VZ).

Meantime, Alibaba has become a Chinese juggernaut controlling more than half of the country's booming e-commerce market. If Yahoo still held its 40 percent of the company, that stake alone would be worth nearly $100 billion. But it has gradually sold down that stake and now holds about 15 percent, which is still worth a sizable $36 billion.

All of that brings us to the present and the latest headlines, which have Yahoo formally disclosing the listed company that now bears its name will formally become known as Altaba after the sale of its Internet assets to Verizon closes (English article). No official explanation was given for how the name was derived in a stock exchange filing by Yahoo, and some Chinese are jokingly saying the name sounds like the equivalent of "father of Alibaba" in Mandarin.

But a more plausible explanation being given by unnamed sources in some western reports says the new name is a combination of the words "alternative" and "Alibaba." The idea is that this new stock would be an alternative for tracking the value of Alibaba's value beyond Alibaba's own New York-listed stock.

Or course, that's a slight oversimplification, since the new company will own a few other assets besides just the 15 percent Alibaba stake. The biggest of those will be a 35 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, which is worth another $8 billion, and a small portfolio of patents. But since its largest assets by far are the two sizable stakes in publicly listed companies, it is probably fair to say one could use the new stock as an alternative for tracking Alibaba's value.

Mouse that Roared

Much has already been written about the "mouse that roared" nature to this twist of events. I remember writing about the original Yahoo purchase back in 2005, when some were saying how the US company was overpaying for the little-known Alibaba at that time. Of course, those people aren't saying anything now, as Alibaba has emerged as one of the world's most valuable Internet companies thanks to its savvy bet on an explosion in China's e-commerce market.

All of that said, a more interesting question is what's in store for this newly minted company, which won't formally get its new name until the sale of Yahoo's Internet business closes. I've previously predicted that Alibaba might try to buy back the stake, since it's quite flush with cash and has access to billions more in credit to fund such a transaction.

But Alibaba has gone on the record saying such a deal is not in the cards, since it would subject the company to a huge tax liability. But that said, the company has quite a lot of cash resources at its disposal and could certainly afford such a tax bill.

Never is a long time, and I would wager that Alibaba will closely watch what happens to the new Altaba once it begins trading under its new name and asset composition. If Alibaba doesn't like what it sees, or feels Altaba stock is becoming a distraction to its own stock, it might well team up with Yahoo Japan owner Softbank (OTCPK:SFTBY) to try and privatize the company in the next 2-3 years. Such a move would be somewhat costly, but would simplify Alibaba and thus make it more attractive to investors over the longer term.

Disclosure: None

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Mantaro Networks, Inc and Beeper Communications Ltd to Develop Advanced ... GERMANTOWN, Md. & RAMAT GAN, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

For Immediate Release: Mantaro and Beeper Group, have entered into a definitive letter of intent ( LOI ) to enter into partnership for the purpose of further advancing their products, through the integration of their proprietary technologies. This partnership will better serve their Public Safety, First Responder and Commercial customers. Mantaro Networks Inc., a Germantown Maryland based Corporation has been designing and manufacturing telepresence and robotic systems since 2010. Mantaro s robotic products are sold to and serve commercial business, healthcare, construction and law enforcement customers. Beeper Technologies, Ltd, an Israeli based company, is an industry pioneer in enabling technologies that set global standards in wireless communication. Beeper specializes in the development and manufacture of advanced wireless Bonding technology modems on boards and related components for the wireless broadband communication market. The company is focusing on development of data, voice and video link aggregators, and bonding which enable operators and service providers to deliver high-speed, mobile and  ad-hoc,  cost effective Internet and telephony applications to corporate telecommuters, small businesses, home offices and residential users. The two Companies have made a strategic decision to leverage their individual technologies, in order to enable wireless operators, NOC s and broadcasters the ability to provide high speed, integrated video, voice and data on multiple platforms and means, to Police, FR, HLS, Military, MOD and other related  mission critical  end users.

 We are very excited to have met and identified such a strong partner in the United States, specializing in advanced robotic and UGV designs. Mantaro s designs lend themselves very well, and improve the many existing, and future applications, we envisioned when designing our latest Cellular Bonder, the IE 4000. The requirements of Mantaro s customers will be well addressed by the capabilities we provide. But, our future developments as a team will now be even more innovative and quickly provide deployable solutions   said Moshe Levinson, SVP Special Ventures and Business Development, Beeper.

 This is a unique opportunity for Mantaro, as a US company, to partner with an Israeli company with proven communications technology. The Beeper solution directly addresses many of challenges we face, when designing our MantaroBot products for specific customer applications. I expect this collaboration will be a big step forward, as we solve these challenges, and integrate our technologies for our commercial, law enforcement and government customers   said Jeremy Parsons, CEO Mantaro.

The companies will immediately commence with their work together, and expect to be introducing new products and solutions with customers, by the second quarter of 2017.

About Mantaro:

Mantaro Networks Inc. ( Mantaro ) provides a range of products and product development services to its technology clients. All of Mantaro s products can be used off the shelf (as is) or can be customized for particular applications or environments by Mantaro s technical services staff.

Mantaro has been designing manufacturing and selling telepresence robotics systems since 2010 under the MantaroBot brand. Mantaro s robotic products are targeted at commercial business, healthcare, construction and law enforcement. Details of current products and customization options may be found at http://mantarobot.com/ a website dedicated exclusively to robotic product sales.

Mantaro provides a full range of product development services for IoT and robotic development. Mantaro s services include analog, digital, and RF hardware design, FPGA design, software development, and RFI/EMI mitigation. Mantaro team has extensive industry expertise with leading companies that develop telecommunications systems, software applications, semiconductors, and consumer products. Information about Mantaro s product development services can be found on the www.mantaro.com site.

About Beeper Communications:

A leading provider of emergency communication and critical messaging services for the country s major security, military and homeland defense organizations. Established in 1988, and is today held by a private equity firm. Beeper develops and operates the following cost effective, end-to-end solutions: mass alert notification system and critical messaging solutions; SD-WAN and 3G/4G multi-channel bonder; earthquake early warning; M2M metering control and energy management Scada system. For more information:

www.Beepergroup.com

http://www.broadbandwirelessnetwork.info

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110006517/en/ 
2017-01-18
Yahoo Japan defies calls to rethink ivory sales as Yahoo Inc CEO weighs in Ivory for making 'hanko' or carved name seals is seen with it's registration certificate at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

Round-sliced ivory is cut for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

A man prepares to cut an ivory for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

Toshio Okuma (R) holds an ivory for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

Toshio Okuma touches ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

A man is seen near ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

Evenly sized cut pieces of ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals are seen at a factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

Toshio Okuma points to ivories for making 'hanko' or carved name seals at his factory in Tokyo, Japan November 28, 2016. Picture taken November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato

TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO Yahoo Japan, the country's biggest online auction site, is rebuffing calls to end online ivory trading despite Yahoo Inc CEO Marissa Mayer's misgivings over facilitating a business blamed for the illegal slaughter of African elephants.

Yahoo Japan doesn't accept that ivory sold on its platform - supposedly imported into Japan before a 1989 ban on international shipments - is a factor behind the sharp rise in poaching on the African savannah in recent years.

Dismissing animal rights campaigners' concerns, even though the ivory business contributes a fraction of its sales, Yahoo Japan also argues that so long as no laws are broken people should be able to trade whatever they like on the internet.

"We want to provide an internet auction site where people can trade freely, and at this moment we have no intention of banning legal trading without any reason," a spokesman for Yahoo Japan said.

"We don't believe the ivory sales contribute to a fall in elephant numbers," he added.

A count of African elephants - the main source of poached ivory - showed the population had fallen to less than 380,000 in 2014.

With their numbers dropping around 30 percent between 2007 and 2014 , African elephants are on the World Wildlife Fund's vulnerable list.

Meantime, sales of ivory via Yahoo Japan have risen exponentially.

In 2015, 28,000 ivory pieces were traded on Yahoo Japan, more than seven times as much as a decade earlier, including 438 whole tusks, according to a recent report by the Environmental Investigation Agency (EIA).

Ivory is traditionally used in Japan for carved  hanko  name seals. But because much of Japan's ivory is unregistered, wildlife groups say Japan provides an opportunity for unscrupulous traders to register poached ivory for sale to Chinese traders.

China said two weeks ago it will ban the domestic trade by the end of 2017, shutting the door to the world's biggest market for poached ivory.

SECOND LARGEST STAKE

Yahoo Japan rival, Rakuten Inc, which recently agreed to become FC Barcelona's sponsor, still allows ivory sales on its site, but has stepped back from sales of whole tusks, a spokesman for the company said.

California-based Yahoo, which bans the sale of endangered animal products, says it can't force Yahoo Japan to change. Mayer has not publicly addressed the issue, though she has let it be known that she has raised concerns internally.

"Marissa has met up dozens of times with Yahoo Japan on this issue," said a source with knowledge of the meetings. "Sometimes it s engagement with board members and sometimes it s meetings with the CEOs,  he added.

The Yahoo Japan spokesman confirmed that Mayer has met its CEO Manabu Miyasaka, but declined to give details of the talks.

Ron Bell, a counsel for Yahoo, issued a statement last year describing the relationship with Yahoo Japan as one of "passive ownership."

Aside from having it's brand above the door, Yahoo has a 35.6 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, second only to the 36.4 percent owned by the Softbank Group controlled by billionaire businessman Masayoshi Son. In Japan shareholders that own more than a third of a company's stock has the right to veto board decisions.

The U.S. company declined to comment further when asked whether it would consider taking action.

Yahoo Japan declined to say how much it earned in commissions from online ivory sales. But EIA estimated it was $7 million in 2015, making just a tiny part of the $5.52 billion revenues Yahoo Japan reported for the 2015/16 financial year.

LAUNDERING IVORY

Only registered ivory shipped before a 1989 ban on exports under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) can be traded in Japan.

At CITES meeting in September, 182 countries approved a non-binding proposal to end domestic trading that animal rights groups say has spurred a revival in poaching.

Japanese officials, however, have so far said they are reluctant to stop trading on Yahoo Japan or elsewhere because they believe only pre-ban ivory is traded.

"If you closed down a well-established market like Japan it would not stop the killing. It would drive the market underground," said a spokesman from the Japan's Ministry of the Environment.

Nobody, however, knows how much ivory came to Japan before 1989 or how much remains unregistered, raising suspicions about shipments to China.

"Regrettably, that makes us vulnerable to criticism," said the official from the environment ministry, which estimates there is about 2,000 tons of ivory in Japan, of which only 300 tons is registered.

That registration and accompanying third party confirmation is subject to few checks to stop poached ivory entering the market, animal rights groups say.

"The third party requirement is the problem, even family members are allowed," said Masayuki Sakamoto, an official at EIA. "It is kind of official laundering."

($1 = 118.0400 yen)

(Additional reporting by Kwiyeon Ha; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore) Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20%  Susan Decker: Yahoo Sale Was Inevitable Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. 
2017-02-22
Daniel Wellington Tops Inc. Magazine's 3rd Annual Ranking Of Europe's Fastest ... NEW YORK, Feb. 22, 2017 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Swedish watches and accessories retailer Daniel Wellington was the fastest growing entrepreneurial company in Europe over the past three years, topping Inc. Magazine's third annual Inc. 5000 Europe list.

The Inc. 5000 Europe represents the only comprehensive look at what may be the most dynamic segment of the world's economy: fast-growing private companies.

Daniel Wellington boasted an astounding 4,695% growth rate over the past three years. They are joined by an impressive collection of closely-held companies that represent innovation, determination, and endurance across a number of fields, including Supercell (Finnish maker of the "Clash of Clans" app), UK's Allied Wallet (global fin-tech and e-commerce), Leap Group (Dutch retailer of Apple products), and France's Le Petit Vapoteur (online retailer of bespoke vaping flavor and accessories) .

The 2017 Inc. 5000 Europe list, unveiled this week on Inc.com [http://www.inc.com/inc5000eu], includes infographics and an interactive database that can be sorted by industry, region, and other criteria. It serves as a unique report card on the European economy. Within an uncertain economic climate, latest aggregate revenue among the companies on the list actually increased to  90.3 billion, up from  20.7 billion in 2012, with a median three-year growth rate of 331 percent.

The list features an amazing group of thriving businesses growing at breakneck speed over the past three years:

In aggregate, Inc. 5000 Europe companies grew 333+% over the past three years, generating new annual revenue of  69 billion.

To make the top 500, a company had to have achieved a remarkable three-year growth of 962%.

Of the 38 countries included in this pan-European list, Spain, Italy and Sweden fielded the most companies.

This year's list also offers rare insight into which industries fared the best during a difficult stretch for Europe's economy. With an average growth rate of 665%, Software ranked as the fastest-growing industry, followed by Environmental Services, at 525%. Financial Services is the top industry by total revenue ( 13.1 billion), and Construction featured the most honoree companies making the list.

"The Inc. 5000EU recognizes companies that have made a major contribution to their economies by advancing the causes of entrepreneurship, innovation and job creation. All too often these essential companies work in obscurity because they are not publicly traded," says Inc. President and Editor-In-Chief Eric Schurenberg. "They no longer have to. The Inc. 5000EU finally gives credit where it is due. Taken in its totality, the Inc. 5000 Europe reminds us that the U.S. does not have a monopoly on entrepreneurship. More than ever, ingenuity, creativity, and tenacity know no boundaries   certainly not geographic ones."

The entire listing of the 2017 Inc. 5000 Europe appears at inc.com and key highlights are featured in Inc.'s March issue, which is available in both tablet and magazine formats.

The Inc. list made its debut in 1981 as a ranking of the 100 fastest-growing private companies in the U.S. The following year, it expanded to 500 companies and, in 2007, the Inc. 5000 was inaugurated. Companies such as Microsoft, Zappos, Clif Bar, Intuit, Chobani, Zipcar, Oracle, and many other well-known names gained early exposure as members of the Inc. 500. Through each evolution, Inc. has sought to recognize and to celebrate the creativity, dedication, and hard work that entrepreneurs put into building their companies.

Complete results, including infographics and an interactive database that can be sorted by industry, region, and other criteria, can be found at Inc.com/inc5000eu.

Methodology

The 2017 Inc. 5000 Europe is ranked according to percentage revenue growth when comparing 2012 to 2015. To qualify, companies must have been founded and generating revenue by March 31, 2012. They had to be European-based, privately held, for profit, and independent not subsidiaries or divisions of other companies as of December 31, 2015. (Since then, a number of companies on the list have gone public or been acquired.) The minimum revenue required for 2012 is  200,000; the minimum for 2015 is  2 million. As always, Inc. reserves the right to decline applicants for subjective reasons. The full Inc. 5000 Europe list can be found at http://www.inc.com/inc5000eu.

About Inc. and the Inc. 5000

Founded in 1979 and acquired in 2005 by Mansueto Ventures, Inc. is the only major brand dedicated exclusively to owners and managers of growing private companies, with the aim to deliver real solutions for today's innovative company builders. Total monthly audience reach for the brand has grown significantly from 2,000,000 in 2010 to over 19,000,000 today. For more information, visit http://www.inc.com/ .

Read More Exclusive: Inside the ugly breakup of Sports Illustrated, The Cauldron, and ... Earlier this month, Sports Illustrated abruptly ended its partnership with The Cauldron, an independent sports blog that had a modest but devoted readership, and had made waves with a number of viral posts written by pro athletes like Steph Curry. The breakup was covered in straightforward fashion by a few sports and media blogs.

But there s much more to the story: impersonations, fake emails, and a forged term sheet.

It is a convoluted tale, but it s worth climbing down this rabbit hole. It s the tale of a sports media acquisition gone very wrong, and how the broken deal ensnared a number of big-name media companies and venture capital firms (in New York, California, and even China) along the way.

The Cauldron launched on the publishing platform Medium in June 2014; Medium shared revenue with The Cauldron based on traffic and engagement time. The site s founders were Jamie O Grady, a Wall Street securities lawyer who lives in Raleigh, NC, and Andy Glockner, a veteran sportswriter who has worked for ESPN.com and SI.com.

The Cauldron was open for freelance submissions, with a focus on athlete-written posts. In its early days, the site scored hit posts from Steph Curry (on private coaching), Le Veon Bell (on his mother), and Chris Kluwe (on the Gamergate controversy). Many credit the site with establishing a Players  Tribune model (the website owned by Derek Jeter, where big-name athletes often make big announcements), five months before The Players  Tribune came along.

The Cauldron built enough credibility that in September 2015, it announced a digital partnership with Sports Illustrated. The Cauldron left Medium and moved over to SI s web platform, where it was hosted at an SI.com/cauldron URL.

Time Inc. (TIME), the parent company of SI, Time, Fortune, and other legacy print magazines, makes partnerships with third-party digital outlets all the time, but they vary greatly in how extensive they are. A spokesperson says its partnership with The Cauldron was never very extensive. Time Inc. has made far more comprehensive partnerships with Fox Sports Digital, and with FanSided, which it bought outright.

Time Inc. never bought The Cauldron, and never invested in it. The digital pact was based on mutual traffic benefit: more original content for SI via The Cauldron, and more attention for The Cauldron, thanks to having a seal of approval from a top name in sports media.

Three months into the partnership, employees at The Cauldron grew frustrated with Time Inc. s technology, multiple people from the site say. They felt that The Cauldron s content had looked crisper and cleaner on mobile when it was hosted at Medium, and that it looked janky on the SI platform. So in December 2015, The Cauldron returned to Medium, which had just rolled out a new option that allowed partners to remain hosted on Medium but use an external URL.

That meant The Cauldron could return to Medium but keep its partnership with Time Inc intact. The Cauldron kept the SI.com/cauldron web address, and its site read,  Presented by Sports Illustrated.  SI typically chose one story from The Cauldron each day to promote on its SI.com homepage.

At its peak, The Cauldron was posting around 100 original stories per month and garnering 2 to 3 million monthly unique visitors, all under the label of an SI partner site.

In early 2016, shortly after The Cauldron had returned to being hosted on Medium, Jamie O Grady got a heads-up call from someone at Medium to alert him (apologetically, he recalls) that the former ESPN personality Bill Simmons was bringing a new sports site to Medium.

 I was really devastated to hear that,  says O Grady. He knew that the Simmons-led site, The Ringer, would attract a lot of attention at launch, and figured it would become the top sports blog hosted at Medium, likely cutting into his own site s traffic. So he began reaching out to potential investors, framing The Cauldron as a challenger to The Ringer and to The Players  Tribune, which was now in full swing.

O Grady had already met with top digital brass from SI and Time Inc. in the summer of 2015 seeking investment. Time Inc. did not invest, but encouraged him to seek investment elsewhere. O Grady says that Time Inc. repeatedly indicated it would be open to investing at some point or deepening the content partnership. (The Cauldron was initially incubated and seeded by Medium, and later self-funded by O Grady; it didn t have any outside investors.)

Read More

O Grady embarked on a slew of pitch meetings with media companies, seeking partnerships, investments or a full sale. His pitch: The Cauldron would continue to post original stories, but ramp up posts by athletes, and ramp up original video with athletes, and create an athlete-hosted podcast network; it would take on The Ringer and The Players  Tribune.

He met in person with CBS, BuzzFeed, Uninterrupted (LeBron James  production company, which has $16 million in funding from Time Warner), and others. He had calls with Bleacher Report, Huffington Post, Vox, Sporting News and others.

He also met with VC firms, including Red Seat Ventures, launched by former execs from Glenn Beck s digital network TheBlaze, and CourtsideVC, an early-stage investor in sports tech platforms like sneaker site StockX. At Courtside, he met with Vasu Kulkarni, founder of a sports video analytics startup called Krossover.

Kulkarni, known to be a mover and shaker in sports tech, introduced O Grady to a man named James Yoder, founder and CEO of a Silicon Valley sports media startup called Chat Sports.

Kulkarni confirms that both The Cauldron and Chat Sports had pitched CourtsideVC, and that Courtside did not invest in either one, and that he connected O Grady to Yoder. Kulkarni vigorously emphasizes that apart from introducing the two men, he played no part in their interactions afterward.

That was a pattern in the reporting of this story: none of the nearly dozen different investors Yahoo Finance interviewed (including Chat Sports investors as well as outside investors that took a meeting with O Grady or Yoder) wanted to be named or quoted by name. They wanted nothing to do with this story. Once you ve heard what unfolded, it s clear why.

View photos Jamie O Grady, founder of The Cauldron (L), James Yoder, founder of Chat Sports. (SI.com; bizjournals.com) More

Chat Sports offers to buy The Cauldron

After being introduced through Kulkarni, Yoder and O Grady had a series of phone calls about what The Cauldron and Chat Sports might be able to do together.

Yoder, a former product manager at Verizon, launched Chat Sports in 2012. The site began mainly as an aggregator, with a desktop site and mobile app that personalized a feed for users based on their favorite teams, plus original posts written by contributor writers. The app looks a lot like Bleacher Report s popular TeamStream app.

 We wanted to index the Internet, create a Reddit for sports,  Yoder tells Yahoo Finance. More recently, Chat Sports has shifted its focus to Facebook Live videos, in which writers conduct mock drafts and discuss trades.  We are without question the market leader in Facebook Live,  Yoder says.  We produce the highest-quality videos. 

(Last week, Chat Sports published a blog post claiming it reached a total audience of 100 million people in January, partly fueled by  the sports industry s foremost Facebook Live studio.  It would be an astonishing number for a Facebook page that has 138,000 followers.)

Chat Sports also holds recurring live panels under the name Minds Behind the Game; past speakers have included Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert and San Francisco 49ers owner Jed York. The last Minds Behind the Game event was last August.

In June 2016, Yoder flew to Raleigh to meet O Grady. And in July, Yoder offered to acquire The Cauldron for $1.8 million.

The purchase would be contingent on Chat Sports raising a Series A investment round by pitching the combined entity. (O Grady says he thought that he would be closely involved in the fundraising process, but quickly found that Yoder did not include him in the effort.)

Chat Sports and The Cauldron, together, would  build the preeminent sports media company in the world,  Yoder wrote to O Grady. Both men tell Yahoo Finance they were, at first, thrilled about the deal.

Yoder sent O Grady an LOI (letter of intent) that stipulated Yoder and Chat Sports would pay O Grady $20,000 upfront, regardless of whether the acquisition went through, and an additional $30,000 breakup fee if it collapsed. The parties agreed.

In a pitch deck Yoder created, he presented the combined team of The Cauldron and Chat Sports, complete with photos and bios of the top executives. He included O Grady as well as boardmembers John Cantarella, a former Time Inc. executive now at Facebook, and Mike Levy, founder of CBS Sportsline. (Cantarella and Levy both declined to speak to Yahoo Finance; Yoder says Cantarella is no longer a Chat Sports boardmember, but still  has a strong relationship with the company. )

View photos Chat Sports pitch deck from 2016 More

 We are raising a $5 million Series A to grow this sports media power,  one slide read.  The funds would be used to expand The Cauldron team, grow our video team, begin direct sales efforts, and accelerate user acquisition. 

A fake email, a fake term sheet

In the late summer and early fall, communication between O Grady and Yoder crumbled. For nearly three months, O Grady says, Yoder was purportedly taking pitch meetings with firms, but was difficult to reach and cagey on the details of his meetings.

(Two separate sports media founders tell strikingly similar stories:

Tim Livingston of TheLead says James Yoder and Chat Sports made a  very generous  offer to buy TheLead one year ago, but then Yoder  became a ghost and I never heard from him.  Months later, Yoder got back in touch and said he now wanted to buy both TheLead and The Cauldron. Livingston had a phone call with O Grady and liked him, but came away thinking that the two were competitors and couldn t coexist. Livingston moved on.

DJ Gallo, founder of the sports comedy site Sports Pickle, also got a job offer from Yoder to join  the Chat Sports-The Cauldron powerhouse  [in Yoder s words in the offer letter] in a senior role, at a base salary of $125,000. O Grady had recommended Gallo to Yoder. Gallo spent a weekend in Raleigh with O Grady discussing the job. But the talks stalled, Gallo says, because Yoder  was very cagey and it was always very hard to get ahold of him. He would say,  I have 10 minutes to talk, from 11:45 pm to midnight.  It was odd. )

Yoder tells the story differently than O Grady. He says that while he was taking meetings with potential investors, O Grady surreptitiously contacted many of them afterward to see if they might want to invest in The Cauldron, separately from Chat Sports. O Grady vigorously denies this, and Yoder declines to give any example of any firm that O Grady interfered with.

Yoder adds that from August through October, as he took pitch meetings,  There didn t seem to be any noticeable interest in The Cauldron. They had a small user base, and what they did have was only thanks to Time Inc. It wasn t really moving the needle for us. 

Nevertheless, on Nov. 9, 2016, Yoder emailed O Grady with what looked like good news: Chinese investment firm WI Harper, Yoder wrote, committed to invest $2 million in Chat Sports as lead investor in a new $5 million Series A round, with the other investors still to be named. Months prior, Yoder had met with WI Harper (he confirms), which has offices in San Francisco and has invested in TV-maker Vizio, photo app Shots, dating app Coffee Meets Bagel, and others.

In that email, Yoder attached an executed term sheet (a document outlining the terms of an agreement to invest) from WI Harper; it was signed by Yoder and by Lee Chang, a partner at Harper. The term sheet did not name The Cauldron or O Grady. Yahoo Finance has seen the term sheet.

Yoder also cc d on that email three partners at an investment firm in Los Angeles led by a renowned sports agent. O Grady had met with this firm in early 2016 as he pitched around The Cauldron, and he had walked away with the sense that the firm was willing to participate in a Cauldron funding round, but not as lead investor. O Grady later advised Yoder to keep that firm in the loop if and when Yoder succeeded in landing a lead investor for the round.

A partner at that firm confirms a meeting took place with O Grady at the beginning of 2016, and says they  had a good chat,  but never made an offer. The firm did not want to be named, and the partner says the firm never had any intention of investing in The Cauldron. But Yahoo Finance has seen communications that strongly suggest otherwise, in which the same partner mentions a  possible acqui-hire  scenario for O Grady and The Cauldron in May 2016. In other words, it appears the firm was quite close to investing in The Cauldron before the situation devolved after The Cauldron linked up with Chat Sports.

Receiving the WI Harper term sheet renewed O Grady s faith in the acquisition. And in December, O Grady received an email from a lawyer claiming to represent Chat Sports. The email asked O Grady for documentation on the structure of The Cauldron, now that the $1.8 million acquisition would be moving forward. The email was signed by Phillip Closius and sent from closiuslegal@gmail.com. (Yahoo Finance has seen the email.)

O Grady was pleased, and replied to the sender with additional logistical questions, and asked to set up a phone call. He did not get a reply for 48 hours. He did an online search and found that Closius is an attorney at the Baltimore firm Silverman, Thompson, Slutkin & White, and also a professor at University of Baltimore s law school. Closius does not list closiuslegal@gmail.com as his email address on his web site, and web searches for the address yield no results.

O Grady sent an email to Closius s professional email address at the Baltimore law firm, referencing the email he had received from the Closius gmail address. A few hours later, O Grady received a voicemail from Closius in which Closius said,  I m just calling to tell you I have no idea what you re talking about in this email about closing docs, so I m sure you have the wrong person, please deal with it.  (Yahoo Finance has heard the voicemail.) O Grady was alarmed. He reached Closius by phone and asked Closius if he knew James Yoder. He says that Closius told him yes, and that Yoder is a family friend, but that he does not represent Yoder.

Next, O Grady responded to the email from closiuslegal@gmail.com and added Yoder, telling Yoder he had reached Closius by phone, and demanding that Yoder explain. Yoder responded to both O Grady and Closius and asked,  Why are you speaking on the phone?!? What the actual F is going on here. 

Yahoo Finance reached Closius by phone. The moment he heard the name Chat Sports, he said,  I don t really do that much with those guys at all  and hung up.

Because his suspicions had been raised from his interaction with Closius, O Grady contacted the offices of WI Harper. He reached the partner whose name was signed on the term sheet, Lee Chang, whom O Grady says had never heard of O Grady or The Cauldron. Chang did recall meeting with Yoder, but said WI Harper turned Yoder down. (WI Harper did not reply to multiple interview requests and calls.)

O Grady sent Chang the WI Harper term sheet he had received. Chang responded to O Grady by email:  I can hereby confirm that this term sheet is indeed fraudulent and that the signature has been forged in my name on behalf of WI Harper Group  We appear to have both been victimized by this intentional act of defraudment.  (Yahoo Finance has seen the email.)

Chang also wrote in his email to O Grady that WI Harper would be sending a cease-and-desist letter to Chat Sports. But after a phone call with Yoder (in which Yoder says he told them his side of things), Harper also sent a cease-and-desist to O Grady, asking him not to disseminate the fake term sheet.

Explaining faked communications

Yoder blames both the fake Closius email and the fake WI Harper term sheet on O Grady.

He confirms that Closius is a friend; Closius s son is Yoder s best friend. Yoder says Closius was representing Chat Sports on its acquisition of The Cauldron, but never had reason to talk to O Grady, which is why Closius did not know O Grady when O Grady contacted him.

As for why someone claiming to be Phillip Closius emailed O Grady from a suspicious gmail account, Yoder initially told Yahoo Finance that he believed O Grady created the closiuslegal gmail account and emailed himself from it.  Our assumption is he created a fake email to act like our lawyer tried to get in touch with him,  Yoder says. As evidence, Yoder says that at some point in their discussions, O Grady raised the idea of putting some of the money involved in the deal in escrow.  I had never heard the word escrow in my entire life,  Yoder says.  And that word is in the email that fake Closius sent to O Grady, and I find it very interesting and convenient that the term that Jamie brought up is in that email. 

But O Grady says he never heard of Phillip Closius before receiving the email from closiuslegal@gmail.com, and that Yoder had never mentioned the name to him.  Why would I send myself an email from a man I had never heard of? 

And on a follow-up call, Yoder revised his answer. When asked again about the fake Closius email, he responded,  I have a prepared statement for this,  and read aloud:  We are very sorry that Jamie O Grady felt misled, but we were doing our best to make a Series A happen and we regret it couldn t happen. 

As for the term sheet, Yoder says O Grady downloaded, without permission, a  draft  of a term sheet from a Chat Sports Dropbox folder and edited it, and that it was this version, fraudulently edited by O Grady, that got sent around. On a call with Yahoo Finance, Yoder initially said he believed O Grady sent around the term sheet himself from Yoder s email address.

But on a follow-up call, Yoder revised his answer. He now says that he, Yoder, did send the email, but didn t know the document he attached, a draft of a term sheet, had been fraudulently edited by O Grady. Yoder says that he had received an email from a Chinese email address claiming to be a representative for a different firm Chat Sports was talking with (Yoder declined to name it), and claiming that this other firm wanted to make its investment through WI Harper. Yoder believes this Chinese contact was actually O Grady assuming a fake identity.

 I don t know why Jamie targeted WI Harper,  Yoder says.  The only thing we could come up with is that he saw us as a mark steal our investor contacts, steal our existing investors, pitch them, trash us, get access to our models and strategy.  Yoder says O Grady did something similar to at least four other firms, but Yoder declines to name them.

As proof of his story, Yoder forwarded Yahoo Finance a follow-up email he sent to the partners at the LA firm that had been cc d on his original term sheet email, alerting them that the term sheet they had been sent was fraudulent. Yoder s point: as soon as he realized that O Grady had fabricated a term sheet and sent it to this firm, he emailed to alert them.

But that email from Yoder to the LA firm was sent on Jan. 17 six days after O Grady had already gotten in touch with the firm to tell them his side of the story. A partner at that firm now says,  I would be very surprised if Jamie was fabricating all this. He struck me as extremely forthright. On balance, I would say Jamie is much, much more credible. 

O Grady acknowledges he downloaded documents from the Dropbox, but says he downloaded them from a link Yoder sent him, and says he was never told not to access the folder. He adds,  How would I know who Lee Chang at WI Harper is, how would I know to fraudulently sign Lee Chang s name to it? 

To recap: All parties confirm that someone sent around a fraudulent WI Harper term sheet; that is not in dispute. All parties confirm that a fake email was sent by someone posing as Phillip Closius; that s also not in dispute.

Sending a false term sheet over email, legal experts say, could constitute wire fraud, a felony that carries up to 20 years in prison. Sending an email posing as someone else could constitute aggravated identity theft, which is also a felony.

Yoder says that Jamie O Grady is a  master of creating fake emails. 

As a demonstration, Yoder sent me, at my work email address, a fake email that made it look like I had emailed Yoder asking for help finding clean urine. Yoder stressed that he faked an email from me strictly to show me what O Grady does.

View photos Fake email James Yoder sent to Daniel Roberts More

After I privately forwarded the email to my editors, Yoder emailed me again asking why his email had been opened multiple times; he had tracked the email.  We track every email we send,  he says.  We use an email tracking service. 

Once O Grady heard back from WI Harper, O Grady went into full alarm mode. O Grady s attorney sent Yoder a demand letter asking for the remaining $6,600 of the $20,000 fee O Grady was promised in the original LOI   he received that $6,600 the next day; Yoder had already wired it.

O Grady s demand letter sought an additional $180,000 in damages suffered to The Cauldron.  We arrived at that number,  O Grady said,  because the deal on the table was $1.8 million, but I clearly wasted five months, I ve skipped other avenues of investment, so let s call it 10 percent. 

Yoder countered with a demand letter of his own, in which the language was almost exactly the same as the text of O Grady s letter, but Yoder s demand letter sought $10 million in damages. He says that s because O Grady sent Facebook around 100 takedown requests that forced Chat Sports to remove Facebook videos in which it had embedded The Cauldron s logo. Yahoo Finance has seen both demand letters.

More questions about Chat Sports

In its early days, Chat Sports posted original content from many different writers some of those bylines, like Rick Steele or Tipp Smith, have Twitter accounts that have tweeted only one time. Were they fake? Yoder says yes.  Absolutely we had fake writers,  he says.  That s because we re a scrappy company. What do you have when you start a company? You have zero traffic, you have zero name brand  So we had a writer program for college-aged kids  and sometimes they had information about things that they didn t really feel comfortable writing in their own names. Some people think that s such a terrible thing  journalistic integrity!  that s called growth hacking. 

Yoder says Chat Sports no longer runs fake bylines because it no longer needs to.  I wouldn t do it at an established company,  he says,  but if I started another company  sure, absolutely, if we thought that it was beneficial. I think the founders of Airbnb, the founders of YouTube would say the same thing. 

And during the months in which Yoder met with VC firms, Yoder told O Grady he had met with representatives for NBA star Stephen Curry, and that he was very close to getting Curry to invest in Chat Sports. (Yahoo Finance has seen those communications.) Yoder reiterates to Yahoo Finance,  I know Steph s inner circle well.  But Curry s agent Jeff Austin and Curry s financial manager Frank Zecca both say they have never heard of James Yoder or Chat Sports.

If Yoder did fake an email from his best friend s father Phillip Closius, and forged a term sheet from WI Harper, what was his endgame?

A writer closely associated with The Cauldron, who did not wish to be quoted by name, offers a theory:  He was out of options. He hadn t gotten investment, he had Jamie [O Grady] breathing down his neck, so he thought if he made it look like he got a bite, he d buy himself some time. I don t know what James is capable of at this point. 

Yoder laughs it all off:   Oh, Chat Sports, who s been in business for 4-plus years, and has 30-plus investors, they re making up term sheets.  Why? Why would we do that? 

For what it s worth, Yahoo Finance spoke with five different individuals who are private investors in Chat Sports, which Yoder says has raised $3 million to date. None of them are career investors; most are personal friends of Yoder. All spoke highly of Yoder and said they trust him, but none was willing to be quoted by name. They all work at large corporations and were concerned about potential negative reaction from their employers.

Sports Illustrated dumps The Cauldron

In late January, just days after everything between The Cauldron and Chat Sports fell apart, O Grady received word from Sports Illustrated that they wanted to have a call. On that call, SI and Time Inc. executives told O Grady that Time Inc. would be cutting ties with The Cauldron immediately.

The timing was suspicious to O Grady, though he acknowledges that the partnership with SI had not been going anywhere for either party. Time Inc. demanded that The Cauldron remove all of Sports Illustrated s marks and logos within 24 hours. But the phone call was not hostile.

A spokesperson for Time Inc. tells Yahoo Finance,  We routinely review all of our digital relationships, and as part of that process we decided to end the limiting licensing agreement we had with The Cauldron. 

But multiple sources at Time Inc. tell Yahoo Finance that the decision was prompted by an email that James Yoder sent around.

Chat Sports was also a digital partner of Time Inc., and it remains one at press time. Time Inc. announced the deal in September 2015, though a Time Inc. source tells Yahoo Finance that the partnership with Chat Sports is even smaller than the one with The Cauldron was.

According to Time Inc. sources who described the email, Yoder sent the email to a large list of Time Inc. executives and people in Time Inc. s legal department, alerting them that The Cauldron was using its relationship with SI as a weapon and threatening a hit piece about Chat Sports that would run on SI.com. Yoder confirms he sent an email to people at Time Inc.

Once the email from Yoder came, Time Inc. brass apparently decided that since the relationship had waned anyway, it should cut all ties with The Cauldron rather than investigate the situation further.  Did Yoder act as the catalyst? Yes,  says a Time Inc. source.  But we were never going to fund The Cauldron anyway. 

Regardless of what Time Inc. s true attitude was toward its ongoing relationship with The Cauldron, if Yoder s email played any role in its decision to end the partnership (and sources say it did), then it would appear Time Inc. took Yoder s claims at face value, and perhaps let the wrong partner go.

Sorting through the rubble

What are we left with?

Jamie O Grady says he made a huge mistake getting into business with someone who proved untrustworthy; he points to a paper trail of documents, emails, text messages and Slack messages (all of which Yahoo Finance has seen) that he believes make it very clear he is the victim of a Stephen Glass-like fraud.  I don t need to spin this,  he says.  The facts are what they are. I did nothing wrong. 

James Yoder, for his part, says that everything dishonest was perpetrated by O Grady out of spite that the deal fell through.

Each man now says they are considering suing the other (and each claims tortious interference), though no lawsuits have been filed.

But this story is bigger than The Cauldron and Chat Sports, their two founders, Sports Illustrated, Time Inc., Medium, and even those mega sports stars. It s a simple reminder that no matter how digital the business world becomes, there is still nothing more important than properly vetting a partner.

UPDATE, Feb. 24: Sports Illustrated and Time Inc have ended their partnership with Chat Sports.

 

Daniel Roberts is a writer at Yahoo Finance, covering sports business, technology, and media.

Read more:

Who wants a piece of Time Inc?

BuzzFeed reorganizes for the second time this year

How ESPN s talent exodus could actually save it

Mobile sports video app Fancred gets bought, resurrected by Football Nation

Where Silicon Valley stands in Peter Thiel and Hulk Hogan vs Gawker 
2017-02-11
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... NEW YORK, Feb. 10, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Yahoo Inc. ( Yahoo  or the  Company ) (NASDAQ:YHOO) and certain of its officers. The class action, filed in United States District Court, Northern District of California, and docketed under 17-cv-00373, is on behalf of a class consisting of all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired Yahoo securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, both dates inclusive (the  Class Period ), seeking to recover compensable damages caused by defendants  violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.



If you are a shareholder who purchased Yahoo securities during the Class Period, you have until March 27, 2017 to ask the Court to appoint you as Lead Plaintiff for the class. A copy of the Complaint can be obtained at www.pomerantzlaw.com. To discuss this action, contact Robert S. Willoughby at rswilloughby@pomlaw.com or 888.476.6529 (or 888.4-POMLAW), toll free, ext. 9980. Those who inquire by e-mail are encouraged to include their mailing address, telephone number, and number of shares purchased.

[Click here to join this class action]

Yahoo, together with its subsidiaries, is a multinational technology company that provides a variety of internet services, including, inter alia, a web portal, search engine, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, advertising, and fantasy sports. As of February 2016, Yahoo had an estimated 1 billion monthly active users, roughly 280 million Yahoo! Mail users, and 205 million monthly unique visitors to its sites and services.

The Complaint alleges that throughout the Class Period, Defendants made materially false and/or misleading statements, as well as failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company s business, operations, and prospects. Specifically, Defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users  personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users  personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (ii) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (iii) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo s websites and services; and (iv) as a result, Yahoo s public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo disclosed that hackers had stolen information in late 2014 on more than 500 million accounts. Following the breach, Yahoo executives advised investors that the breach was not material, in part because the Company had not required to reset their passwords. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell $1.35, or 3.06%, to close at $42.80 on September 23, 2016.

On December 14, 2016, post-market, Yahoo announced that it had uncovered a data breach, stating that data from more than 1 billion user accounts was compromised in August 2013. Following Yahoo s announcement, several news sources reported that Verizon was considering ways to amend the terms of its deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach and would likely seek  major concessions  from Yahoo. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell $2.50, or 6.11%, to close at $38.41 on December 15, 2016.

The Pomerantz Firm, with offices in New York, Chicago, Florida, and Los Angeles, is acknowledged as one of the premier firms in the areas of corporate, securities, and antitrust class litigation. Founded by the late Abraham L. Pomerantz, known as the dean of the class action bar, the Pomerantz Firm pioneered the field of securities class actions. Today, more than 80 years later, the Pomerantz Firm continues in the tradition he established, fighting for the rights of the victims of securities fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, and corporate misconduct. The Firm has recovered numerous multimillion-dollar damages awards on behalf of class members. See www.pomerantzlaw.com

CONTACT: Robert S. Willoughby Pomerantz LLP rswilloughby@pomlaw.com Senators Question Yahoo's Candor on Data Breach Two influential U.S. senators rebuked Yahoo Inc. Chief Executive Marissa Mayer on Friday for her company's failure to answer questions about its massive data breaches and for abruptly canceling a recent meeting with congressional staffers.

Continue Reading Below

In a letter addressed to Ms. Mayer, Sen. John Thune (R., S.D.), chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, and Sen. Jerry Moran (R., Kan.) said Yahoo's "last-minute" cancellation of the Jan. 31 meeting "has prompted concerns about the company's willingness to deal with Congress with complete candor about these recent events." Mr. Moran is chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Public Safety, Insurance, and Data Security.

"Despite several inquiries by Committee staff seeking information of about the security of Yahoo! user accounts, company officials have thus far been unable to provide answers to many basic questions," the senators wrote.

A Yahoo spokeswoman said late Friday in an email that the company was reviewing the letter and would "respond as appropriate."

Yahoo's two data breaches are believed to be the largest ever reported. In 2013, hackers gained access to private information stored in more than 1 billion Yahoo accounts, an incident the company publicly disclosed this past December. A separate incident in 2014, which Yahoo disclosed last September, incident affected 500 million accounts.

Yahoo has said that it became aware of the 2014 attack later that year, but it hasn't explained why it took two years to disclose the incident to the public.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

The company said it learned of the 2013 incident late last year.

The Wall Street Journal reported in January that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had opened an investigation into whether Yahoo should have reported the two breaches sooner to investors. Yahoo at the time didn't comment.

In a November securities filing, it said it was "cooperating with federal, state and foreign" agencies seeking information on the 2014 breach, including the SEC.

The breaches also have cast a cloud over Verizon Inc.'s $4.8 billion deal to acquire Yahoo's core business, a deal announced in July before the breaches were disclosed. Yahoo said last month that the deal's closure, which had been expected in the first three months of 2017, would be pushed into the second quarter.

The senators' letter said Yahoo in September discussed the 2014 incident with Commerce Committee staffers and the company said it would provide more details later as new information became available. The letter said when Yahoo contacted the committee in December to report the 2013 breach, the company agreed to provide a follow-up briefing for staff, but then on Jan. 28 canceled the scheduled meeting.

The letter lists five questions for Yahoo and gives the company a deadline of Feb. 23 to respond. 
2017-01-28
YAHOO! SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK ... NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 27, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC ("KSF") and KSF partner, the former Attorney General of Louisiana, Charles C. Foti, Jr., reminds investors that they have until March 27, 2017 to file lead plaintiff applications in a securities class action lawsuit against Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), if they purchased the Company s shares between November 12, 2013 through December 14, 2016, inclusive (the  Class Period ). The action is pending in United States District Court for the Northern District of California.



What You May Do

If you purchased shares of Yahoo and would like to discuss your legal rights and how this case might affect you and your right to recover for your economic loss, you may, without obligation or cost to you, call toll-free at 1-877-515-1850 or email KSF Managing Partner Lewis Kahn (lewis.kahn@ksfcounsel.com). If you wish to serve as a lead plaintiff in this class action, you must petition the Court by March 27, 2017.

About the Lawsuit

Yahoo and certain of its executives are charged with failing to disclose material information during the Class Period, violating federal securities laws.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo announced that hackers had obtained information in late 2014 on more than 500 million Yahoo accounts.

Then, on December 14, 2016, Yahoo disclosed that hackers stole data associated with more than one billion user accounts in August 2013. Yahoo further stated that it has not been able to identify the intrusion associated with this theft, but that it believes this incident is likely distinct from the hacking incident it disclosed on September 22, 2016.

On this news, the price of Yahoo s shares plummeted.

About Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC

KSF, whose partners include the Former Louisiana Attorney General Charles C. Foti, Jr., is a law firm focused on securities, antitrust and consumer class actions, along with merger & acquisition and breach of fiduciary litigation against publicly traded companies on behalf of shareholders. The firm has offices in New York, California and Louisiana.

To learn more about KSF, you may visit www.ksfcounsel.com.

Contact: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Lewis Kahn, Managing Partner lewis.kahn@ksfcounsel.com 1-877-515-1850 206 Covington St. Madisonville, LA 70447 
2017-03-29
Hot Stock for Investors: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Jefferies Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 10/21/16. The stock recently closed its previous session at $46.57 by showing a percentage change of 0.37% from its previous day closing price of $46.4.

Price Target is basically a projection of future price of a company s stock by the expert analysis of investment analysts or investment firms. There may be various price targets for a stock. These analysts and investment firms use various valuation methods to decide a price target for a stock.

Several investment firms issued their expert ratings on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) in which Needham Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Hold with no specific Price Target on 10/18/16. MKM Partners Maintains the stock to Buy on 10/17/16 with no specific Price Target. Cantor Fitzgerald Maintains the company s stock to Buy on 7/26/16 by setting a price target of $49. CLSA Maintains Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Outperform with a price target of $40.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a consensus Price Target of $47.63. While some analysts have a High Price target for the stock of $57 and a Low Price Target of $39.

Several sell side analysts reviewed their recommendations on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) where 4 analyst have rated the stock as Strong Buy, 6 analysts said it s a Buy, 15 rated the stock as Hold, 0 analysts reported Underperform and 0 analysts gave their recommendations as Sell. (Current Month Yahoo Finance Ratings)

Zacks Investment Research also rated the stock with a value of 2.29. This scale runs from 1 to 5 where 1 represents Strong Buy and 5 represents Sell.

In the last Quarter, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) reported its Actual EPS of $0.25/share. The analysts offering Earnings Estimates for the company were believing that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) could bring EPS of $0.21/share. The difference between Actual EPS and Estimated EPS was 0.04 Percent. Thus the company showed an Earnings Surprise of 19 Percent.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a market capitalization of 44.54 Billion. The stock traded with the volume of 4.63 Million shares in the last trading session. The stock touched its high share price of $47.19 on Mar 21, 2017 and the stock also touched its Lowest price in the last 52-weeks of trading on Jun 27, 2016 as $35.05. The company has a 1 Year high price target of $47.63. The stock is currently trading with a distance of 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) of 0.86%. The Moving Average SMA50 is 3.41% while SMA200 is 11.64%.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is currently showing its ROA (Return on Assets) of -0.4%. The Return on Investment (ROI) is at -1.6% while it s Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 20.43 percent while its Weekly performance value is 1.75%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are 1.88 percent and 28.22 percent respectively. The Relative Volume value measured for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 0.67. The Average Volume (3 months) is 6.89 Million.

The stock currently has its Annual Dividend of $0 and an annual Dividend Yield of 0 Percent. YHOO has P/E (Price to Earnings ttm) value of 0, Forward P/E of 65.68, P/C (Price to cash per share) of 6.56 and Price to Free Cash Flow (P/FCF) value of 44.39. The stock is showing its Operating Margin of -12.5 percent.

Company Profile:

Yahoo! Inc. is a global Internet communications, commerce and media company that offers a comprehensive branded network of services. As one of the first online navigational guides to the World Wide Web, Yahoo! is one of the leading guides in terms of traffic, advertising, and household and business user reach. The company also provides online business and enterprise services designed to enhance the productivity and Web presence of Yahoo! s clients. No More Ambiguity, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) And Its Chart Is Now Crystal Clear The technicals for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup. Making successful trades call for a mix of skills. One of those very important skills is the ability to read the technical charts and extract a premise or reason for executing a trade. It follows then, that every trader should make it analyzing the technical charts of a given stock a top priority. Failure to do this could severely hamper success.

(YHOO) is now solidly presented where a clearly defined trend is concerned. This is evident based on information displayed via its 50 and 200 SMAs. The trend levels paint a telling picture which when analyzed, is best characterized as bullish. As a result of the current trends presented by both SMAs, traders have offered a defined and strong outlook for the stock. The overall sentiment or disposition towards the stock can best be described as positive. The discernable sentiment towards the stock has created a resulting influx of opinion that is now created a volume situation clearly titling towards a weak disposition as the situational flux between buyers and sellers take a definitive shape. How much more can we see from this ongoing trend from the sentiment so far? The answer is very telling and hints at what is possible as the sentiments gain strength. ; Since these sentiments have taken shape, a marked level of indifference has materialized when all statistical factors are considered regarding the stock s profile among traders. Overall viability is therefore, based on the foregoing readings, highlighting the disposition of traders towards the stock. This disposition should retain consistency with the overall technical picture cast by the two important technical indicators mentioned above.

Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures offer another dimension to the whole methodology of analyzing a stock for its potential and existing trends. Both measures are relied upon heavily by successful traders, and combined; they offer an insightful peek inside the workings of a stock. They specifically allow traders to gauge whether or not a given stock is overbought or oversold. The overbought/undersold measure should never be underestimated for it allows a trader to see where the directional bearings are for a given stock. Are buyers more represented? Are sellers dominating? Both these indicators help I determining this general direction of the marketplace. YHOO s prevailing reading for its 14-day RSI is 59.41%; this means, on current reading, that the stock is neutral, suggesting that the stock is relatively stable in terms of potential price directional movement in either direction. The stochastic reading offers a supplementary outlook for directional movement of YHOO. Stochastic readings amassed over the last thirty days have created a score of 61.44%. This indicates that the stock is neither overbought or oversold at current levels.

In addition to the outlined leading indicators, a trader can create a more detailed picture of a stock by incorporating the aid of other indicators, particularly the ones geared towards performance. A picture is by now surely emerging on the directional thrust of (YHOO); that emerging picture is proving to be a magnet for traders that have previously shown an interest. The +0.91 has manifested a positive reading in the last month or so of trading since it began its initial directional move. Longer-term, the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 14.77%. This has created higher daily volatility when matched with stocks of the same class. Things look the same when measured historically. Historical volatility provides a measure of 12.15%. YHOO therefore offers a handy picture of overall momentum based on the foregoing measures. The last, but certainly not least, indicator that helps paint the overall picture of viability is the average true range which is currently 1.43. Combined, all the indicators when synchronized properly can yield excellent trading results.

The market muses have spoken and YHOO has helped them, via its indicators, to showcase what it has to offer at current trading levels. Traders should take heed. Right time to invest?   Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), eBay Inc. (EBAY) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are on a recovery track as they have regained 34.52% since bottoming out at $35.05 on Mar. 29, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 1.75% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 20.43% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -1.31% from $47.19 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 28.22% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $47.63 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.67%, and the sector s average is 4.67%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -2.61% since hitting a peak level of $34.43 on Mar. 01, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -2.19% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 12.93% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 50.36% higher from $22.3, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Jun. 27, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 5.87% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $33.53, EBAY has a chance to add $1.06 or 3.16% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($34.59) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.5 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.27 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, eBay Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly 21%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 7.32%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. eBay Inc. s ROE is 85.13%, while industry s is 17.56%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.23%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. EBAY s ROA is 35.02%, while industry s average is 10.16%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.14. Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) stock price is Worth at $46.62 while closes Thursday with ... Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s Stock Price Trading Update:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) stock price ended its day with loss -0.34% and finalized at the value of $46.62. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 3.45 million shares. The average volume stands around 6.89 million shares. The average numbers of shares are traded in a security per day, during the recent 3-month period. The stock has relative volume of 0.50. Relative volume is ratio between current volume and 3-month average value, intraday adjusted. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is a part of Technology sector and belongs to Internet Information Providers industry.

Important Technical Indicators:

ATR value of company was 0.62. Average True Range (ATR) is an indicator based on trading ranges smoothed by an N-period exponential moving average percentage of the true range values. ATR can display volatility of stocks, ETFs and indexes. The principal of ATR is very similar to other volatility indicators: A high ATR value signals a possible trend change. A low ATR value correlates with a weaker trend movement.

Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 58.85. Developed J. Welles Wilder, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) is a momentum oscillator that measures the speed and change of price movements. RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Traditionally, and according to Wilder, RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when below 30.

The stock volatility for week was 1.29% while for month was 1.26%.The stock, as of last close, traded 33.01% to its 52 week low and was changed -1.21% from its 52 week high. Beta factor, which measures the riskiness of the security, was observed as 1.66. YHOO s value Change from Open was at -0.38% with a Gap of 0.04%.

Earnings per share Details about YHOO:

EPS in next five year years is expected to touch 3.88% while EPS growth in past 5 year was -17.90% along with sales growth of 0.70% in the last five years.

EPS growth in next year is estimated to reach 4.11% while EPS growth estimate for this year is set at 95.10%.

The forward P/E ratio stands at 65.75.

Performance Review:

To review the YHOO previous performance, look at its past history, which highlighted below:

During last 5 trades the stock sticks almost 0.04%.

During last one month it showed the change of 0.82%.

During last 3 month it remained at 20.37%.

During last one year month it performed at 26.65%.

Along with these its year to date performance is standing at 20.56%.

Analysts Mean Rating:

Analysts  mean recommendation for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) stands at 2.40. Rating Scale; where 1.0 rating means Strong Buy, 2.0 rating signify Buy, 3.0 recommendation reveals Hold, 4.0 rating score shows Sell and 5.0 displays Strong Sell signal.

YHOO Stock Price Comparison to Moving Averages:

USA based company, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s latest closing price was 11.49% from the average-price of 200 days while it maintained a distance from the 50 Day Moving Average at 3.10% and 0.81% compared with the 20 Day Moving Average.

One Month Ago Analysts Opinions:

Here we discussed analysts opinions what they said about Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) One Month Ago. The stock has gained consensus mean rating of Overweight based on the analysis of brokerage analyst firms polled. 9 presented the recommendations about the stock as a  Buy  signal and  Overweight  signal was reported by 1. 18 advised the  Hold  rating about this stock. 0 revealed  Sell  signal and  Underweight  rating was declared by 0. 
2017-01-27
Deal Between Verizon And Yahoo Delayed Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) has pushed back the expected closing date for its purchase of Yahoo Inc. s (NASDAQ:YHOO) main business. Verizon cited  work required to meet closing conditions  as the reason for the delayed timetable. The transaction had been expected to close in the first three months of 2017. Now, it is believed that the transaction will close sometime during the second quarter.

Yahoo has been the subject of two huge data breaches since the transaction was announced, causing Verizon to take another look at the deal. Yahoo disclosed the theft of personal data of more than 500 million user accounts in September. The breach was believed to have occurred during 2014. The stolen data included names, email addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers and encrypted passwords.

A different massive data breach that occurred in 2013 was revealed in mid-December. That breach compromised the private information of more than 1 billion user accounts. Verizon was close to an agreement with Yahoo on how to handling future hacking liabilities when the second, larger hack was revealed. After the second disclosure, concerns rose among investors that the deal was at risk of falling apart. The deal was expected to be worth about $4.8 billion.

Yahoo said it has been continuing to work with Verizon on integration planning. Yahoo said in a statement that it is  working expeditiously to close the transaction as soon as practicable.  After the sale of Yahoo s main business, the remaining company will contain Yahoo s 15 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and 35.5 percent interest in Yahoo Japan. The name of the company will change to Altaba Inc.

Yahoo reported fourth-quarter earnings of $162 million, or 17 cents a share, compared with a loss of $4.43 billion, or $4.70 per share, a year earlier. The year-ago quarter included a $4.46 billion write-down. On an adjusted basis, per-share earnings were 25 cents, up from 13 cents a share the previous year. Analysts had expected 21 cents per share, on average.

Yahoo reported $1.47 billion in revenue for the quarter, up 15.4 percent from $1.27 billion reported last year. This was higher than analysts  expectations of revenue of $1.38 billion. Gross search revenue fell 6 percent to $821 million while revenue from advertising unit Mavens rose 25 percent to $590 million.

The company has said it would not hold a conference call or webcast after the release of the results, citing the pending deal. This is the second straight quarter that Yahoo is not holding a post-earnings call. The company s shares were up 1.2 percent in heavy after-market trading.

Get Analysts' Upgrades and Downgrades Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of analysts' upgrades, downgrades and new coverage with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 
2017-01-19
Will Yahoo! (YHOO) Beat Estimates this Earnings Season? Yahoo! Inc. YHOO, the troubled Internet company, is expected to beat expectations when it reports fourth quarter fiscal 2016 results on Jan 23.

Over the last one year, the stock has outperformed the Zacks Internet Services industry. It has gained 46.04% compared with the industry's gain of 15.36%.

View photos

Why a Likely Positive Surprise?

Our proven model shows that Yahoo is likely to beat estimates this quarter. A stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. Yahoo has the right combination of two key components.

Zacks ESP: Yahoo currently has an Earnings ESP of +7.14%. This is because the Most Accurate estimate stands at 15 cents, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged at 14 cents. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.

Zacks Rank: Yahoo currently carries a Zacks Rank #3, which when combined with an ESP of +7.14% make us reasonably confident of a positive surprise.

We caution against stocks with a Zacks Rank #4 or 5 (Sell-rated) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.

Yahoo Inc. Price and EPS Surprise

View photos

Yahoo Inc. Price and EPS Surprise | Yahoo Inc. Quote

What is Driving the Better-Than-Expected Results?

Yahoo reported decent third quarter results with earnings exceeding the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues missing the same by a slight margin. The results showed signs of a business revamp.

Yahoo is in the process of selling its core assets to Verizon for $4.83 billion. Despite the speculation of a billion dollar discount in the purchase agreement between the parties in the wake of the data breach disclosures, Verizon has not changed any terms of the transaction.

The purchase of Yahoo s core assets is in line with Verizon s long-term view to gain traction in the lucrative mobile advertising segment. If the deal materializes, it will improve Yahoo s cost structure.

Moreover, Yahoo guided well for the fourth quarter. Revenues are expected to be in a range of $1.360-1.400 billion, TAC revenues are likely to be $480 million and revenues on an ex-TAC basis are projected to be $880-920 million. Management expects adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $260 to $300 million and non-GAAP income from operations to be in a range of $140 to $180 million. Avaya Inc. Files for Chapter 11 Protection NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - January 19, 2017) - Avaya Inc. (together with certain of its domestic subsidiaries, collectively, the "Company") today announced that it has commenced a formal proceeding to restructure its balance sheet to better position itself for the future. To facilitate this restructuring, the Company filed voluntary petitions under chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court"). The Company's foreign affiliates are not included in the filing and will continue normal operations.

The Company has obtained a committed $725 million debtor-in-possession ("DIP") financing facility underwritten by Citibank. Subject to Court approval, this DIP financing, combined with the Company's cash from operations, is expected to provide sufficient liquidity during the chapter 11 cases to support its continuing business operations and minimize disruption.

"We have conducted an extensive review of alternatives to address Avaya's capital structure, and we believe pursuing a restructuring through chapter 11 is the best path forward at this time," said Kevin Kennedy, Chief Executive Officer of Avaya. "Reducing the Company's current debt through the chapter 11 process will best position all of Avaya's businesses for future success."

As part of Avaya's comprehensive assessment of options to address its capital structure, the Company evaluated expressions of interest in various Avaya assets, including its Contact Center business. After extensive evaluation in consultation with its financial and legal advisors, the Avaya Board of Directors has determined that focusing on the Company's debt structure is paramount and a sale of the Contact Center business at this time would not maximize value for Avaya's customers and all of its stakeholders. Avaya remains in ongoing negotiations to monetize certain other assets, as appropriate, to maximize value for all stakeholders.

"This is a critical step in our ongoing transformation to a successful software and services business. Avaya's current capital structure is over 10 years old and was put in place to support our business model as a hardware-focused company, which has evolved significantly since that time. Now, as a result of the terms of Avaya's debt obligations and the upcoming debt maturities, we need to recapitalize the Company," continued Mr. Kennedy. "Our business is performing well, and we are confident that we can emerge from this process stronger than ever, as this path is a reflection of our debt structure, not the strength of our operations or business model. Pursuing restructuring through chapter 11 will enable us to reduce Avaya's debt and interest expense, while providing increased financial flexibility to further invest in innovation and growth to enhance our market-leading competitive position. Most importantly, we are keenly focused on minimizing disruption to our customers, partners, and employees and do not expect to experience any material disruptions during the chapter 11 cases."

Contemporaneously with the filing of the voluntary petitions, the Company filed a number of "first-day" motions with the Court to facilitate a smooth transition into chapter 11 and minimize business disruption. Among other things, the motions request authorization to continue certain customer and partner programs, and to honor certain employee compensation and benefit obligations.

For more information about the chapter 11 case, including access to Court documents, please visit: https://cases.primeclerk.com/avaya.

Centerview Partners and Zolfo Cooper are the Company's financial and restructuring advisors, Goldman Sachs is the Company's M&A investment banker and Kirkland & Ellis LLP is the Company's restructuring counsel.

About Avaya

Avaya enables the mission critical, real-time communication applications of the world's most important operations. As the global leader in delivering superior communications experiences, Avaya provides the most complete portfolio of software and services for contact center and unified communications with integrated, secure networking -- offered on premises, in the cloud, or a hybrid. Today's digital world requires some form of communications enablement, and no other company is better positioned to do this than Avaya. For more information, please visit www.avaya.com.

Read More DryShips Inc. Announces Reverse Stock Split ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Jan 19, 2017) - DryShips Inc. ( NASDAQ : DRYS ) (the "Company" or "DryShips"), a diversified owner of ocean group cargo vessels, announced today that its Board of Directors (the "Board") has determined to effect a 1-for-8 reverse stock split of the Company's common shares. At the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders on October 26, 2016, the Company's shareholders approved the reverse stock split and granted the Board, or a duly constituted committee thereof, the authority to determine the exact split ratio and proceed with the reverse stock split.

The reverse stock split will take effect, and the Company's common stock will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as of the opening of trading on January 23, 2017 under the existing trading symbol "DRYS". The new CUSIP number for the common stock following the reverse stock split is Y2109Q408.

When the reverse stock split becomes effective, every 8 shares of the Company's issued common stock will be automatically combined into one issued share of common stock. As of the date of this press release, the Company had 69,357,841 common shares issued. Effecting the reverse stock split will reduce the number of issued common shares from 69,357,841 shares to approximately 8.7 million shares.

No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the reverse split of the issued common stock. Shareholders who would otherwise hold a fractional share of the Company's common stock will receive a cash payment in lieu thereof at a price equal to that fraction to which the shareholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price of the Company's common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on January 20, 2017.

Shareholders with shares held in book-entry form or through a bank, broker, or other nominee are not required to take any action and will see the impact of the reverse stock split reflected in their accounts on or after January 23, 2017. Such beneficial holders may contact their bank, broker, or nominee for more information.

Shareholders with shares held in certificate form will receive instructions from the Company's exchange agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, for exchanging their stock certificates for a new certificate representing the shares of common stock resulting from the reverse split.

Additional information about the reverse stock split can be found in the Company's proxy statement furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 23, 2016, a copy of which is available on the Commission's website at www.sec.gov.

About DryShips

DryShips Inc. is an owner of drybulk carriers and offshore support vessels that operate worldwide. DryShips owns a fleet of 13 Panamax drybulk carriers with a combined deadweight tonnage of approximately 1.0 million tons, and 6 offshore supply vessels, comprised of 2 platform supply and 4 oil spill recovery vessels.

DryShips' common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market where it trades under the symbol "DRYS."

Visit the Company's website at www.dryships.com. The information contained on the Company's website does not constitute a part of this press release.

Forward-Looking Statements

Matters discussed in this release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with such safe harbor legislation.

Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and may include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts.

The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, management's examination of historical operating trends, data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections.

Read More 
2017-03-01
Yahoo CEO to forgo annual equity award in 2017  
2017-02-23
Yahoo! (YHOO) Up 3.6% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Yahoo! Inc. YHOO. Shares have added about 3.6% in that time frame, underperforming the market.

Will the recent positive trend continue leading up to the stock s next earnings release, or is it due for a pullback? Before we dive into how investors and analysts have reacted as of late, let's take a quick look at the most recent earnings report in order to get a better handle on the important drivers.

Yahoo Beats on Earnings in Q4, Delays Verizon Deal

Yahoo! Inc. s fourth-quarter 2016 earnings exceeded the Zacks Consensus Estimate on higher revenues. Shares moved slightly higher as investors are actually looking forward to the sale of the company rather than its earnings.

Over the last one year, the stock has outperformed the Zacks Internet Services industry. It gained 42.38% compared with the industry s gain of 12.78%.



The results were driven by continuous strong performance in mobile and native businesses. Two consecutive quarters of earnings beat show signs of a business revamp at a good time since Yahoo is on the verge of selling its core assets to Verizon.



Marissa Mayer stated that the integration plan is on track and the company will remain deeply responsible for protecting users  information and enhancing security.



Yahoo had given an update on the time of completion of the deal. The deal was expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017 but now the company has extended it to the second quarter.



Revenues



Yahoo reported GAAP revenues of $1.469 billion, up 15.4% year over year and 12.6% sequentially. Traffic acquisition cost (TAC) was up 13.7% sequentially and 87.9% from last year. Excluding these costs in all periods, net revenue was up 11.9% sequentially and 4.4% year over year.



For 2016, GAAP revenues were $5169 million compared with $4968 million for full year 2015. Yahoo combines revenues from O&O and affiliate sites and presents it under Search and Display categories.

Search revenues (ex-TAC) were up 4.5% sequentially and 16% year over year. The key metrics were a huge disappointment in the last quarter, with paid clicks dropping 21% year over year. Price per click (PPC) grew 18%.



Display revenues (ex-TAC) grew 20.3% sequentially and 4.7% from the comparable quarter of 2015. The number of ads sold increased 4% from the year-ago quarter with price per ad (PPA) decreasing 10%.



Mavens (mobile, video, native, social) grew 12.6% sequentially and 25% from the year-ago quarter.



Mobile growth is extremely important because of the increasing use of mobile devices to connect to the Internet. Traffic-driven mobile revenues amounted to $495 million in the fourth quarter.



Other (fees, listings and leads) revenues were up 3.3% sequentially but down 8.8% from year-ago quarter.



Search, Display, and Other platforms represented 35%, 52% and 13% of Yahoo s fourth-quarter ex-TAC revenues, respectively.



By geography: Yahoo generated around 77.9% of revenues on an ex-TAC basis from the Americas (up 12.6% sequentially but down 3.4% from Dec 2015), around 7.4% came from the EMEA region (up 25.7% sequentially but down 8.3% year over year) and 14.7% from the Asia/Pacific (up 2.9% sequentially but down 7.7% year over year).



Margins



Yahoo generated gross margin of 47.5% in the fourth quarter, up 140 basis points (bps) sequentially but down 635 bps year over year.



The company generated operating margin of 4.4% that was better than the previous quarter s -4%.



Net Income



Including the special items and the amount given out to non-controlling interests, Yahoo s GAAP net income was $162 million (17 cents per share) compared with $54.61 million (loss of $4.70 per share) in the December quarter of last year.



Balance Sheet



Yahoo s cash and short-term investments balance was $6.82 billion at quarter-end, up $219.9 million during the quarter. The company generated $255.3 million of cash from operations, of which $41.6 million was spent on capex.



Guidance



Yahoo did not provide any guidance for the first quarter of 2017.

How Have Estimates Been Moving Since Then?

Following the release, investors have witnessed an upward trend in fresh estimate. There has been one revision higher for the current quarter.

Yahoo! Inc. Price and Consensus

Read More Why to Keeping Eye on Starbucks Corporation (SBUX), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)? Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) gained 0.05% with the closing price of $57.57. The overall volume in the last trading session was 7.87 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 31.79 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 8.82 and sector s optimum level is 8.74.

Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) have shown a high EPS growth of 18.60% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 4.00% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.80 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $60.66 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.75% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $57.57 a share and the price is up more than 4.16% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 14.46 vs. an industry average at 5.31. Its sales stood at 12.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $45.98 with the rising stream of 1.05% and its total traded volume was 7.73 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.59 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 9.44. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $45.98, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.40, compared to an industry average at 5.52. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $46.72 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 11.63% in three months and is up 2.13% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.50. Verizon GC on the Lessons Learned from Deal with Yahoo 2016 Regulation Review and 2017 Preview

As 2016 comes to an end, the financial services industry is facing an increasingly vigilant regulatory landscape. This white Paper examines the key trends to watch in the new year. Learn more now! As 2016 comes to an end, the financial services industry is facing an increasingly vigilant regulatory landscape. This white Paper examines the key trends to watch in the new year. Learn more now!

5 Benefits of eDiscovery in a Public Utility Cloud Platform

Corporate IT is moving to the cloud. Corporate IT is moving to the cloud.

Avoid Social Media Risks in 2017

The use of social media by individuals in and outside of the workplace is widespread and continues to grow. Create a Social Media policy that protects your company. The use of social media by individuals in and outside of the workplace is widespread and continues to grow. Create a Social Media policy that protects your company.

Common Arbitration Misconceptions

This white paper discusses what not to believe about arbitration. This white paper discusses what not to believe about arbitration.

Compliance and Conflicts of Interest

Conflicts are hard to manage. Conflicts are hard to manage.

Complimentary Attorney Client Privilege Checklist

Keep your communications privileged, and ensure that employees understand their role. Keep your communications privileged, and ensure that employees understand their role.

Elements of Confidentiality Agreements - Definitions of Confidential Information

Only the smartest companies can both protect that information and leverage it for business opportunities. Do you have updated, current drafts of these important documents? Only the smartest companies can both protect that information and leverage it for business opportunities. Do you have updated, current drafts of these important documents?

Employee Termination Best Practices

This resource addresses key issues for employers to consider when terminating an employee and best practices to minimize claims of wrongful discharge. This resource addresses key issues for employers to consider when terminating an employee and best practices to minimize claims of wrongful discharge.

Executive Brief: Knowledge, know-how, and the ability to respond with confidence

Knowledge, know-how, and the ability to respond with confidence. Learn the keys to position yourself as a trusted corporate advisor. Knowledge, know-how, and the ability to respond with confidence. Learn the keys to position yourself as a trusted corporate advisor.

Fiduciary Duties Overview

Protect your company and its shareholders by educating directors with an overview of their fiduciary duties and the potential consequences, both personal and for the business. Protect your company and its shareholders by educating directors with an overview of their fiduciary duties and the potential consequences, both personal and for the business.

How to Reduce Risk with Contract Management

This white paper will help businesses generate, track, maintain, and report on important business contracts. This white paper will help businesses generate, track, maintain, and report on important business contracts.

How to Score Risk and Assess Third-Party Vendors

More than ever, financial firms are being held accountable for the compliance failure of their vendors. Establishing a risk scoring system can help protect firms and prevent liability. More than ever, financial firms are being held accountable for the compliance failure of their vendors. Establishing a risk scoring system can help protect firms and prevent liability.

Inside E-Discovery

A new era of data-driven risk. What organizations need to know about the state of cyber threats, information governance, and e-discovery. A new era of data-driven risk. What organizations need to know about the state of cyber threats, information governance, and e-discovery. Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Yahoo And UPS On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer advised his viewer to sell Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO). He thinks the stock can't move higher from its current price level.

United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE: UPS) has a lot of work to do to solve its problems, thinks Cramer. He added that the company is going to have to spend more and is going to put some pressure on its price-to-earnings multiple for a long time. The stock was downgraded on Wednesday.

Posted-In: Mad MoneyCNBC Jim Cramer Media

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. HP Inc. (HPQ) Earnings & Revenues Surpass Estimates in Q1 HP Inc. HPQ released its first-quarter fiscal 2017 earnings yesterday, after its split from Hewlett-Packard Company. The company reported better-than-expected results for the first quarter, wherein both its top and bottom line surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Following the results, shares of the company went up more than 2% in after-hours trading yesterday.

The company reported non-GAAP earnings per share of 38 cents per share, which came ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate by a penny. Also, earnings increased from the year-ago figure of 36 cents per share.

Notably, Hewlett-Packard Company split itself into two standalone companies   HP Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise HPE   effective Nov 1, 2015. Post the split, its PC and printer business has been operating as HP Inc., while Hewlett-Packard Enterprise specializes in commercial tech products.

The stock has gained approximately 50.28% over the last one year, outperforming the Zacks categorized Computer-Mini Computers industry s return of 41.27%.

Quarter in Detail

HP s total revenue increased 3.6% year over year to $12.684 billion and came ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $11.774 billion. The better-than-expected top-line performance was driven mainly by strength in the Personal System segment and outperformance of newly launched products.

The Personal Systems segment garnered revenues of $8.224 billion compared with $7.476 billion reported in the year-ago quarter. Commercial revenues increased 7%, while Consumer revenues increased 15%. The company witnessed an 8% rise in total shipments mainly driven by a 12% increase in Notebook unit shipment, while Desktops unit shipments were flat on a year-over-year basis.

As expected, Printing revenues were down 3% year over year to $4.483 billion, primarily due to a 3% plunge in supplies revenues. HP s total hardware unit sales increased 6% primarily due to an increase of 2% in Commercial hardware units and a 7% increase in Consumer hardware units.

Non-GAAP gross margin was down 100 basis points (bps) on a year-over-year basis to 18.7% primarily due to higher cost of sales. Total adjusted operating expenses decreased 1.8% year over year to $1.345 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin from continuing operations contracted 40 bps to 7.1% mainly due to unfavorable foreign currency impact and higher marketing spending expenses for demand generation.

HP s non-GAAP net income from continuing operations came in at $655 million or 38 cents per share, compared with $645 million or 36 cents per share reported a year ago.

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow

HP ended the fiscal first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $6.331 billion compared with $6.288 billion in the previous quarter. The company had long-term debt of $6.688 billion, compared with $6.758 billion last quarter.

The company generated cash flow of $767 million from operational activities during the quarter. During the same period, the company repurchased 25.5 million shares and paid dividends worth $227 million.

Guidance

For fiscal second quarter, HP projects non-GAAP earnings in a range of 37 cents to 40 cents per share (mid-point: 38.5 cents). The Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged at 39 cents.

HP reiterated the fiscal 2017 earnings guidance. The company continues to anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share in a band of $1.55 $1.65 (mid-point: $1.6). The Zacks Consensus Estimate stands at $1.60 per share.

Read More Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Provides Shareholders Update Regarding ... BETHESDA, Maryland, Feb. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The management of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CNBX) wishes to inform its shareholders and public at large that is acutely aware of the significant increase in its share volume this past month and was contacted by OTC Markets on February 21st regarding this matter.

Itamar Borochov, CEO of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, says "We are very aware of the increased interest in our science and its apparent results in the marketplace." I wish to reiterate that there is neither any undisclosed material information available nor any paid promotional activity or Investor Relations for the Company at all. The sole source of the Company's public information has been press releases which we, the Company, authorize and release ourselves and may be found under "News" on OTC Markets site or on our Website (www.Cannabics.com).

The company believes that its planned commercialization of its Liquid Biopsy Diagnostic tests as announced in our Press Release of February 6th, 2017, contributed to the recent increased activity. As stated in that release, the Company is on track to begin testing patients beginning in March. The Company believes the rapidly increasing awareness and interest in companies operating in the field of cannabinoid based biotechnology has simply created heightened demand.

In closing, the public is to be reminded that investments in any type of securities are highly speculative, and that the only announcements or information about Cannabics Pharmaceuticals which are condoned by the Company or to be relied upon must come from the Company itself, and bear our name as its Source.

The Company avers that it shall keep the public timely and accurately informed of significant events in the Company as they progress.

About Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CNBX), a U.S based public company, is dedicated to the development of Personalized Anti-Cancer and Palliative treatments. The Company's R&D is based in Israel, where it is licensed by the Ministry of Health for its work in both scientific and clinical research. The Company's focus is on harnessing the therapeutic properties of natural Cannabinoid formulations and diagnostics. Cannabics engages in developing individually tailored natural therapies for cancer patients, utilizing advanced screening systems and personalized bioinformatics tools.

Disclaimer:

Certain statements contained in this release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects" and similar expressions. The statements in this release are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences, including, but not limited to, results of clinical trials and/or other studies, the challenges inherent in new product development initiatives, the effect of any competitive products, our ability to license and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital in the future that is necessary to maintain our business, changes in government policy and/or regulation, potential litigation by or against us, any governmental review of our products or practices, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our latest 10-Q Report filed on January 17th, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement or any information contained in this press release or in other public disclosures at any time.

Read More Yahoo says Trump administration action related to LGBTQ community is "troubling"  
2017-01-30
Yahoo Sues Insurer For Refusal To Cover TCPA Suits PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) What Every Co. Should Learn From Yahoo's Mega-Breach Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. CitiMortgage Inc. Announces Strategic Exit of Mortgage Servicing Operations by ... NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Citigroup announced it has executed agreements that will accelerate the transformation of the U.S. mortgage business by effectively exiting servicing operations by the end of 2018 to intensify focus on originations. The strategic action is intended to simplify CitiMortgage s operations, reduce expenses, and improve returns on capital.

Citi has signed a definitive agreement to sell its mortgage servicing rights, and the related servicing, on approximately 780,000 Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans of non-Citibank retail customers with outstanding balances of approximately $97 billion to New Residential Mortgage LLC (NRZ). The sale, subject to the approval of both agencies and the FHFA, is expected to be completed in the first half of 2017.

In addition, Citi has entered into a subservicing agreement with Cenlar FSB for the remaining Citi-owned loans and certain other mortgage servicing rights not sold to NRZ. Loan servicing on these assets are expected to be transferred to Cenlar beginning in 2018. As part of its assumption of the servicing obligations, Cenlar will provide core operations, customer service and default operations. Loans of Citi s retail banking clients will be retained by Citi but will be included in the subservicing contract.

 Over the past several years, we have made significant progress transforming our business to deliver a sustainable annuity of growth,  said CD Davies, President and CEO of CitiMortgage.  CitiMortgage remains a critical part of serving our customers, deepening relationships with existing and prospective retail bank clients and driving growth in our core markets. We will continue to originate loans for current and new clients. 

Citi will work to ensure a smooth transition in the servicing of these loans for affected clients and is working to transfer as many employees as possible along with the mortgage servicing rights and operations.

These transactions are expected to negatively impact pre-tax results by approximately $400 million, including a loss on sale and certain related transaction costs, in the first quarter of 2017. Excluding these items, these transactions are expected to have a minimal impact on operating revenues in 2017, with expense benefits beginning to accrue in 2018 as servicing is transferred to Cenlar and fully realized in 2019.

About Citi

Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management.

Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com | Twitter: @Citi | YouTube: www.youtube.com/citi | Blog: http://blog.citigroup.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/citi | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/citi

Certain statements in this release, including without limitation the expected timing of the sale and transfers discussed above as well as the anticipated impact to Citi s results of operations, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results or occurrences. Actual results may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including the precautionary statements included in this release, the final financial and accounting analysis of the transactions discussed, and the factors contained in Citigroup's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation the "Risk Factors" section of Citigroup's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citigroup does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170130005470/en/ HempAmericana, Inc. (OTC PINK: HMPQ) Begins Building CBD Oil Extraction Laboratory NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / January 30, 2017 / HempAmericana, Inc. (OTC PINK: HMPQ) is pleased to announce its first foray into the Cannabinoids (CBD's) oil extraction business. A Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933 transaction with an institutional investor valued at approximately $265,000 allowed HempAmericana to acquire an extraction system from Infinity Supercritical LLC. On the eve of its transaction with Blackbridge Capital (who is committing up to $20 Million Dollars in a Tier-I Reg A+ financing), the Company is now poised to explore CBD oils contained in hemp plants.

View photos

"Our deal with Infinity Supercritical is our first step towards building an extraction laboratory," said Salvador Rosillo, CEO of HempAmericana, Inc. "HempAmericana plans to be a leader in the industrial exploration of the over ten types of oil contained in the hemp plant."

HempAmericana is currently in the rolling paper and CBD oil business using the brand name, "Weed Got Oil." Search "Rolling Thunders hemp papers" on Youtube for a product demonstration of the Company's papers. The Company now plans to become a leader in the CBD oil market by establishing a laboratory for the extraction and research of the oils contained in the hemp plant. HempAmericana also researches, develops, and sells products made of industrial hemp. See more at http://www.HempAmericana.com and http://wwwHempAmericana.net.

The Company chose Infinity Supercritical because its CO2 technology is food safe, byproduct-free, and environmentally friendly, which can help HempAmericana develop research for the many health benefits of CBDs. CBD's by themselves are not psychoactive, like the component THC which is found in Cannabis, and is used for medical marijuana. The extracted oil, amongst other uses, can be used for food additives, cosmetics, and medical uses.

Safe Harbor Provision

Cautionary statement for purposes of the "Safe Harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Information in this news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, the results of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties, and assumptions include the execution and performance of contracts by the Company and its customers, suppliers, and partners. Please also review HempAmericana's annual and quarterly financials for a more complete discussion of risk factors. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise statements contained in this news release based on new information or otherwise.

View photos

Read More 
2017-02-17
YHOO INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of a ... NEW YORK, Feb. 17, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Northern District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016.



Click here to learn about the case: http://www.wongesq.com/pslra/yahoo-inc. There is no cost or obligation to you.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo! disclosed that hackers stole information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 3 percent. Then, on December 14, 2016, Defendants disclosed that in August 2013 hackers stole information on more than 1 billion user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo! shares down more than 6 percent.

If you suffered a loss in Yahoo! you have until March 27, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn t require that you serve as a lead plaintiff. To obtain additional information, contact Vincent Wong, Esq. either via email vw@wongesq.com, by telephone at 212.425.1140, or visit http://www.wongesq.com/pslra/yahoo-inc.

Vincent Wong, Esq. is an experienced attorney that has represented investors in securities litigations involving financial fraud and violations of shareholder rights. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

CONTACT: Vincent Wong, Esq. 39 East Broadway Suite 304 New York, NY 10002 Tel. 212.425.1140 Fax. 866.699.3880 E-Mail: vw@wongesq.com 
2017-01-17
Yahoo Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Release Date SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) will release its financial results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016, after market close on Monday, January 23, 2017. Due to the pending transaction with Verizon, Yahoo will not have an earnings call or webcast for its results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016. Concurrently with release of its financial results, supplemental financial information will also be posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at investor.yahoo.net.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining our users. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. In turn, we create value for advertisers by connecting them with the audiences that build their businesses. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo!, the Yahoo family of marks, and the associated logos are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170117006526/en/ Larry Fink CEO BlackRock, Jes Staley CEO Barclays, Tim Sloan CEO Wells Fargo ... SUNNYVALE, Calif. & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--On February 8, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) will host the first-ever Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit at the company s office in New York City, and via live stream. This day-long conference will explore the critical questions and changes facing our economy and financial markets as we begin a new administration for the first time in eight years. The extensive program will help Yahoo Finance s audience of savvy investors -- both big and small -- set their agendas for the next four years.

Throughout the day we ll hear from a variety of industry-leading experts as well as Yahoo Finance Editor in Chief Andy Serwer. Among the confirmed participants are:

Larry Fink -- Chairman & CEO, BlackRock

Tim Sloan -- President & CEO, Wells Fargo

Jes Staley -- CEO, Barclays

Rob Manfred -- Commissioner, Major League Baseball

Sallie Krawcheck -- CEO, Ellevest

Glenn Hutchins -- Co-Founder, Silver Lake Partners

Liz Ann Sonders -- Chief Investment Strategist, Charles Schwab

Mark Weinberger -- Global Chairman & CEO, EY

Ian Bremmer -- President, Eurasia Group

Daymond John -- CEO & Founder, Fubu & Shark Tank Co-Host

Slava Rubin -- Founder, Indiegogo

Charles Phillips -- CEO, Infor

Greg Clark, CEO, Symantec

Jon Stein -- CEO, Betterment

Morgan Housel -- Partner, Collaborative Fund

Michael Batnick -- Director of Research, Ritholtz Wealth Management

Sam Zell -- Chairman, Equity Group Investments

Terry Tamminen -- CEO, Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation

  As a long-standing leading business news site, with a user base that spans from every-day investors to industry leaders, Yahoo Finance is uniquely positioned to explore all the ways in which this incoming administration will have an impact on our economy,  said Serwer.   With our global live-streaming platform, we re able to go one step further, and bring these conversations to a massive audience around the world. 

The conference will be live-streamed free of charge on Yahoo Finance, with tickets available for purchase to the general public. To purchase tickets, and for the latest updates on the All Markets Summit participants and agenda, please visit: http://bit.ly/2jWswVJ

About Yahoo:

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo drives value for advertisers by helping them engage with consumers online through the combination of data, content and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo and Yahoo Finance are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc.

All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. 
2017-01-26
YAHOO! INC. INVESTOR ALERT: Hagens Berman Alerts Yahoo! Inc. Investors to ... SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 26, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP alerts investors in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to the securities class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California and to the March 27, 2017 Lead Plaintiff deadline.



If you purchased or otherwise acquired securities of YHOO and suffered losses contact Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP. For more information visit:

https://www.hbsslaw.com/cases/YHOO

or contact Reed Kathrein, who is leading the firm s investigation, by calling 510-725-3000 or emailing YHOO@hbsslaw.com.

On September 22, 2016, Defendants disclosed that hackers stole information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo shares down over 3%. Then, on December 14, 2016, Defendants disclosed that in August 2013 hackers stole information on more than 1 billion user accounts. This news drove the price of Yahoo shares down over 6%.

More recently, the Wall Street Journal reported that the SEC has opened an investigation into the timing of Yahoo s disclosures regarding the data breaches, stating  The SEC requires companies to disclose cybersecurity risks as soon as they are determined to have an effect on investors. 

 We re evaluating management s knowledge of both security incidents and when disclosures should have been made to investors,  said Hagens Berman partner Reed Kathrein.

Whistleblowers: Persons with non-public information regarding Yahoo! Inc. should consider their options to help in the investigation or take advantage of the SEC Whistleblower program. Under the new SEC whistleblower program, whistleblowers who provide original information may receive rewards totaling up to 30 percent of any successful recovery made by the SEC. For more information, call Reed Kathrein at 510-725-3000 or email YHOO@hbsslaw.com.

About Hagens Berman

Hagens Berman is a national investor-rights law firm headquartered in Seattle, Washington with offices in 10 cities. The Firm represents investors, whistleblowers, workers and consumers in complex litigation. More about the Firm and its successes can be found at www.hbsslaw.com. For the latest news visit our newsroom or follow us on Twitter at @classactionlaw.

Contact: Reed Kathrein, 510-725-3000 Insider Trading and Recommendation Alert: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) exchanged hands 11,082,431 shares versus average trading capacity of 9.54M shares, while its relative trading volume is 1.17. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s total market worth is $43.89B along with 953.47M outstanding shares.

Insiders has most recently took part in a trading activity, Utzschneider Lisa, Chief Revenue Officer of the company in a transaction that occurred 1/23/2017 sold 920 shares of the stock. The stock was sold at a price of $41.95, for a total value of $38,594. Subsequent to the transaction Utzschneider Lisa owned a total of 581,403 shares of the stock.

In a separate transaction on 1/18/2017, Utzschneider Lisa, Chief Revenue Officer sold 1,475 shares of the stock. The stock was sold at a price of $42.03, for a total worth of $61,994. Succeeding to the transaction Utzschneider Lisa owned overall 582,323 shares of the stock.

Moreover, Utzschneider Lisa, Chief Revenue Officer sold 410 shares of the stock in a reserved transaction that ensued on 1/10/2017. At a price of $41.76, the stock was sold for an entire value of $17,122. Consequent to the transaction Utzschneider Lisa owned a total of 583,798 shares of the stock.

Currently, 0.40% shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are owned by insiders with -0.28% six-month change in the insider ownership. The insider filler data counts the number of monthly positions over 3 month and 12 month time spans. For Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) total 53 number of trades held during last 3 months and 245 during last 12 months, out of them 4 numbers of buys held in last 3 months and 33 buys in last 12 months. Whereas 49 numbers of sells held in last 3 months and 212 sells over the past 12 months.

For the duration of last three months Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s total number of shares bought are 4,678 and sold 102,524 from a total of 107,202 traded shares. During last twelve months 1,180,424 number of shares bought and 1,065,642 sold from a total of 2,246,066 shares traded. A net activity of 97,846 took place in the course of three months, while 114,782 during last twelve months. Insider trading information is derived from Forms 3 and 4 filings are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended last trading session at the price of $44.94 whereas a number of traders indicating mean target price will hit $45.68 over the next twelve months, mean value of price target most recently revised on 01/24/17. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s highest estimates of price target are $56.00 and low forecast is $32.00 based on the opinion of 22 analysts. The price target estimates represents a standard deviation of 5.78. However brokerage recommendations suggests an ABR of 2.17 based on calls of 24 experts.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is expected to release the earnings of its current quarter on 4/18/17. The company is expected to release $0.14 EPS during current quarter according to 19 analysts whereas the company reported $0.08 EPS during same quarter a year ago. For the current quarter the stock has a lowest EPS estimates of $0.1 and high estimate of $0.18. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s average revenue estimates for the current quarter are $1.23B according to 12 number of analysts. However its lowest revenue estimates are $1.07B and highest revenue estimates are $1.31B. A year ago the company s sales were $1.09B. Its yearly sales growth estimates are 13.30%. Past 5 years growth of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) observed at -16.47%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company are expecting its growth at 4.12%. Speculation builds on a Verizon-Charter tie-up, no offer made The Verizon logo is seen on one of their retail stores in San Diego, California, U.S. April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo

By Anjali Athavaley and Liana B. Baker

(Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc is interested in exploring a combination with U.S. cable company Charter Communication Inc as part of a long list of acquisition targets, but no proposal has been made for a tie-up between the two companies, sources told Reuters on Thursday.

Speculation over a combination of the companies underscores the pressure the nation's largest wireless carrier faces to do a deal in the wake of AT&T Inc's planned $85.4 billion takeover of Time Warner Inc. Verizon and other carriers also face a saturated smartphone market.

Verizon said in July that it struck a deal to buy Yahoo Inc's core internet properties, but the deal was cast into doubt after Yahoo disclosed data breaches last year.

"I think the market is predictably impatient and wants Verizon to do something yesterday," said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. "The market inevitably draws the comparison to AT&T that, for better or worse, has made its big strategic bet."

After rising as much as 10 percent and hitting a session high of $341.50 on the news, Charter shares eased and were trading up 6.5 percent at $330.59. Verizon shares were down 1.4 percent at $49.08.

Charter and Verizon declined to comment.

A Charter acquisition would signal that Verizon has a drastically different strategic vision than rival AT&T, which has sought to diversify away from the wireless business through its deal for Time Warner and earlier acquisition of satellite-TV provider DirecTV.

Instead, a deal for Charter would indicate Verizon is betting on infrastructure. On its earnings conference call with investors on Tuesday, Chief Financial Officer Matt Ellis said that 5G wireless technology was a focus for Verizon.

"The great irony could be that the cable operators are better positioned to compete in 5G wireless than the wireless operators themselves," Moffett said.

Speculation over a tie-up with Charter has been building steadily since last month when Verizon Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam told Wall Street analysts that such a deal would make "industrial sense," according to a December note by BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk.

With Charter, Verizon would gain a fiber and cable network across 49 million homes, including markets in California, Texas, and Florida, that the wireless carrier recently divested to Frontier Communications Corp, JPMorgan analysts said in a note in December.

From a traditional antitrust point of view, the combination of a phone company and a cable company would not raise competition issues that cannot be overcome, said George Bittlingmayer, a professor at the University of Kansas School of Business.

"The wildcard here is whether people's unhappiness with their cable and mobile phone providers would translate into some grandstanding and arm-twisting on the part of the new administration for political benefit," he said.

Phil Cusick, an analyst at JPMorgan, said in an email on Thursday that he expects $2 billion in annual synergies from a Charter deal but added that the deal's math is "difficult to make work," noting that a combined company would be heavily leveraged.

The Wall Street Journal, which first reported a preliminary approach between the companies, said it was unclear if Charter's executives would be open to a transaction and that there was no guarantee a deal would be struck.

Verizon had a market capitalization of $203 billion as of Wednesday's close, while Charter was valued at nearly $84 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data.







(Reporting by Anjali Athavaley in New York and Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Alan Crosby) 
2017-01-10
Marissa Mayer to leave Yahoo board (Reuters)   Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo Inc. said Monday that it would rename itself Altaba Inc. and chief executive officer Marissa Mayer, a Wausau native, would step down from the board after the closing of its deal with Verizon Communications Inc.

Yahoo has a deal to sell its core internet business, which includes its digital advertising, email and media assets, to Verizon for $4.83 billion.

The terms of that deal could be amended   or the transaction may even be called off   after Yahoo last year disclosed two separate data breaches; one involving some 500 million customer accounts and the second involving over a billion.

Verizon executives have said that while they see a strong strategic fit with Yahoo, they are still investigating the data breaches.

Five other Yahoo directors would also resign after the deal closes, Yahoo said in a regulatory filing on Monday.

The remaining directors will govern Altaba, a holding company whose primary assets will be a 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and 35.5 percent stake in Yahoo Japan.

The new company also named Eric Brandt chairman of the board, effective Jan. 9. Buzz Stocks: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc, Yahoo! Inc., and Ascena Retail ... Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Learn more about us >>

Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1981 by industry pioneer Bernie Schaeffer, we've since become a trusted source of research and analysis for individual investors and major financial media outlets alike. Verizon Told Conclusion of Yahoo Hack Probe Still Weeks Away Company to decide how to proceed with acquisition at that time

Yahoo! Inc. s investigation into the second major hack of user accounts still has weeks to go, according to a Verizon Communications Inc. executive, who said the company will decide afterward how to proceed with its $4.8 billion acquisition of the tech giant.

 There s a lot of work that has to happen,  Marni Walden, an executive vice president at Verizon, said at an investor conference Thursday.

Yahoo still provides Verizon the scale needed to build its media and advertising business, Walden said. But she cautioned that the company needs to take a damage assessment before making a final decision.

 We have to be responsible to the business and to everyone that invests in Verizon,  she said.

Verizon began exploring a lower price or a possible exit from its purchase agreement in the wake of Yahoo s December disclosure of one of the largest-scale data breaches reported to date, Bloomberg reported at the time.

The Sunnyvale, California-based company said that cyber-thieves in 2013 siphoned information from more than 1 billion Yahoo accounts, including users  e-mail addresses, scrambled account passwords and dates of birth, data that allow criminals to go after more sensitive personal information elsewhere online. It was the second disclosure of a major data breach since Verizon agreed to buy Yahoo. In September, the tech company revealed that more than 500 million users  data had been hacked in a separate, state-sponsored attack in 2014.

Verizon has said it has received only limited information about the incidents and is waiting for a full disclosure when the investigation concludes.

Verizon s position on the Yahoo transaction hasn t changed since the hacking revelations in December, according to a person familiar with the matter.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Verizon has kept its legal team separate from the integration-planning team headed up by AOL Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong, said the person. The company wants to ensure it s paying a fair price for the assets without taking on more costs related to the hacks, and is negotiating a separation agreement from any future legal fallout from the breaches. Verizon is seeking to have Yahoo assume any lasting responsibility for the hack damage, the person said.

Yahoo said it s confident in the company s value and continues to work toward integration with New York-based Verizon. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)'s New Name Atlaba Will Reflect Its Value based on ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s New Name Atlaba Will Reflect Its Value based on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) filed a proxy statement in connection with the pending divestment of its core business to Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE:VZ). According to it, the company would function as an investment firm once the sale is consummated.

The company indicated that it would reduce its board to just five people from the current eleven directors. That meant Yahoo CEO, Marissa Mayer, and co-founder, David Filo, would not likely to continue as directors, according to S&P Capital IQ analyst Kessler.

The analyst noted that Eric Brandt would replace Maynard Webb as the chairman. Once the transaction is closed, the new name would Atlaba reflecting the value that mostly be based on its 15 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA).

The analyst did not want to change the rating and reiterated Buy rating on Yahoo shares. Currently, the analyst has a target price of $48.00 on the stock. Mundo Media Going Public Through Harmony Merger Corp. (NASDAQ:HRMN) With ... Mundo Media is going public.

On Monday, Harmony Merger Corp.(NASDAQ:HRMN) announced that it had entered into a plan of reorganization with Mundo Media. The reorganization will see the latter combine into the former, and the two entities trade as one on NASDAQ under the (for now) ticker HRMN. This maneuver offers Mundo a quick and easy public listing by March. Harmony has picked up a couple of percentage points on the announcement, but for all intents and purposes, markets have pretty much ignored the move. This could be an opportunity to get in at the early stages of what could be one of the most promising newly-public entities this year.

Before we get into why, it is worth noting that Harmony is a shell for the purposes of taking other companies public, and will change its name to New Mundo. The operational aspect of the new entity will be purely a ramped up continuation of Mundo s current business.

And what is that? Mundo helps brands with data-driven customer acquisition and monetization. For those outside of the industry, this general business description may seem a little bit jargony, but it s not all that complicated. Through a cloud platform called Mundotrack, it connects advertisers with potential customers online. It does this, much like other advertising networks, though a media network of about 35,000 publishers.

It works like this. A client comes to Mundo and outlines its goals. Mundo feeds these goals to its publisher network, and the network gets to work producing promotional content (native advertising articles, reviews, that sort of thing) and publishing it at a variety of outlets across the internet. Internet users come across, and read, this content, and are redirected towards the advertiser s website. All of this is tracked via the cloud based platform. The captured users then transact with the advertiser, which is again a tracked process.

The ability to track the progress of a campaign is key to Mundo s offerings, as it affords the advertiser an opportunity to accurately calculate its return on investment for ad spend with the campaigns it runs through Mundo s system. Ad-tech companies like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) offer their own versions of the tracking system incorporated into Mundo s offerings, but there s a key difference between Mundo and others, and it s rooted in promotional concept.

Advertisers wishing to promote via Facebook or Google are generally restricted to text-based advertisements located in the sidebar or a sponsored listing section of the various platforms, an Adsense banner, or any other method than looks foreign to the website itself . There is mounting data that suggests native advertising   that is, promotion through things like articles and more complex media content designed to match the look and feel of the website on which it is being displayed   is far more effective than traditional text based or banner style advertising. In order to successfully implement a campaign that uses native advertising, a large publishing network is required. Mundo has that network. Further, it is generally difficult to track with any accuracy the progress of a campaign spread across a large number of publishing outlets. It is possible, sure, but time-consuming and costly. Mundo s platform overcomes this issue, allowing advertisers to stay on top of a campaign s metrics without the time and cost traditionally associated with content network tracking.

The growth of the company speaks for itself. Established in June 2009, Mundo now has 102 employees, and 16,000 campaigns under its belt. During 2016, the company logged more than 85 million conversions, in 182 countries, and across 35,000 unique supply partners. Every month, its content receives 4 billion interactions, and advertisers acquire 17 million users with the Mundotrack platform.

Financials are excellent as well.

Revenues during 2014 came in at $85.6 million, growing to $105.8 million during 2015. 2016 projected revenues come in at $113.1 million (FY financials are yet to be released). Net income 2014 and 2015 hit $4.9 million and $8.8 million respectively, and is expected to reach $11.6 million during 2016. Net income targets for 2017 and 2018 are $15.3 million and $21.5 million respectively.

Looking specifically at the transaction, upon consummation, the current shareholders of Mundo will receive $111.5 million of new company shares, $25 million in cash, and an additional $28.5 million in new company stock spread across the next 24 months based on a predefined net income and stock price targets. The net income targets are as outlined above. The stock price targets are $12 per share at the end of 2017, and $15 per share at the end of 2018.

The names attached to the deal are quite big in the advertising industry. Joel Greenblatt, renowned US hedge fund manager and value investor, serves as Harmony s Special Advisor. Eric Rosenfeld, retired hedge fund manager and senior lecturer at both MIT and Yale, serves as Chairman and CEO of Harmony. Ross Levinsohn will take up the position of Executive Chairman of the company from his current position as non-Executive Chairman. Levinsohn of course is the ex interim CEO of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), and was for a long time billed as being the number one candidate for taking the helm at Yahoo! on the departure of Melissa Myers. With his position at Mundo now secure, this obviously isn t going to happen, and Mundo should derive great benefit from having his experience and network associated with its operations.

With Mundo s current executive staff and growth rate, the company may open itself up for acquisition before the decade is out.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. If Verizon closes its deal - Yahoo could become Altaba Inc and CEO Marissa ... A new SEC document has revealed that when Verizon makes its purchase of Yahoo Inc, certain stipulations are in place that will see the company's name change to Altaba Inc. and the current CEO, Marissa Mayer will resign along with other current executives. This is all of course only if Verizon chooses to close the deal and purchase Yahoo.

While at one time it was the "go to" website for Internet searches, Yahoo has since become a muddled mess of a company. Last year, rumors began spreading that some were interested in purchasing the search giant, with Verizon ultimately becoming the purchaser for nearly $5 billion.

Unfortunately, a few months after the purchase, Yahoo made a data breach public, which Verizon was only privy to a couple days ahead of the public notice. It goes without saying that Verizon didn't take the incident lightly, requesting that $1 billion be knocked off the price as they might abandon the purchase. Things would get even worse for Yahoo as it would disclose yet another data breach, straining the deal with Verizon even further.

Source: Yahoo / The Independent What's Next for Yahoo, CEO Marissa Mayer? Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Healthways, Inc. is now Tivity Health, Inc.  Yahoo's Verizon Deal to Bring Board, Name Changes Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Rent-A-Center, Inc. Announces Management Transition PLANO, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

The Board of Directors of Rent-A-Center, Inc. (NASDAQ/NGS: RCII), the nation's largest rent-to-own operator, today announced the resignation of Robert D. Davis as Chief Executive Officer and director effective immediately. Board Chairman Mark E. Speese, the Company s founder and former chief executive officer, will serve as interim CEO of the Company until a permanent successor has been named. The Board of Directors announced that it will conduct a search process to find a highly qualified candidate for CEO.

 On behalf of the Board and the entire Company, I would like to thank Robert for his tireless efforts as our CEO over the past three years,  said Mr. Speese.  His leadership has been essential to our operations and business, and we are grateful for his commitment to the company over the past 23 years. 

Mr. Davis said,  I am extremely proud of what our team has accomplished in the past three years, during a dynamic and challenging environment. Rent-A-Center has the most engaged workforce in the business, and I have no doubt that they will be able to focus on driving profitable growth while providing a superior customer experience to both the retailer and the consumer. I believe the Company is well positioned for the future. 

Mr. Speese has served as the Company s Chairman of the Board since October 2001 and as a Board director since 1990. He served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer from October 2001 until January 2014. Mr. Speese previously served as Vice Chairman from September 1999 until March 2001. From 1990 until April 1999, Mr. Speese served as President, and he also served as Chief Operating Officer from November 1994 until March 1999. As a founder of Rent-A-Center, Mr. Speese brings a tremendous knowledge of the business and a strategic vision for the Company.

Mr. Davis has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 2014. From February 2008 until February 2014, Mr. Davis also served as the Company s Executive Vice President   Finance. From September 1999 until February 2008, Mr. Davis also served as the Company s Senior Vice President   Finance. From September 1998 until September 1999, Mr. Davis also served as the Company s Vice President   Finance and Treasurer. Mr. Davis began his employment with the Company in 1993.

About Rent-A-Center

A rent-to-own industry leader, Plano, TX-based, Rent-A-Center, Inc., is focused on improving the quality of life for its customers by providing them the opportunity to obtain ownership of high-quality, durable products such as consumer electronics, appliances, computers, furniture and accessories, and smartphones, under flexible rental purchase agreements with no long-term obligation. The Company owns and operates approximately 2,600 stores in the United States, Mexico, Canada and Puerto Rico, and approximately 1,870 Acceptance Now locations in the United States and Puerto Rico. Rent-A-Center Franchising International, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a national franchiser of approximately 230 rent-to-own stores operating under the trade names of "Rent-A-Center," "ColorTyme," and "RimTyme." For additional information about the Company, please visit our website at www.rentacenter.com.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170109006466/en/ 
2017-02-03
Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP Reminds Yahoo! Inc. Shareholders of ... RADNOR, Pa., Feb. 03, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The law firm of Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP announces that a shareholder class action lawsuit has been filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) ( Yahoo  or the  Company ) on behalf of purchasers of the Company s securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, inclusive (the  Class Period ).



Deadline Reminder: Investors who purchased Yahoo securities during the Class Period may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join

Yahoo is a multinational technology company that provides a variety of internet services including a search engine, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, advertising and fantasy sports. As of February 2016, Yahoo had an estimated 1 billion monthly active users. On July 25, 2016, Verizon Communications, Inc. ( Verizon ) formally announced its intent to acquire Yahoo s internet business for $4.8 billion.

The shareholder class action complaint alleges that Yahoo and certain of its executive officers made a series of materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company s business, operations and prospects to investors during the Class Period. Specifically, the defendants are alleged to have made false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users  personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users  personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (ii) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (iii) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo s websites and services; and (iv) as a result, Yahoo s public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo disclosed that hackers had stolen information in late 2014 on more than 500 million user accounts. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell $1.35 per share, or over 3%, to close on September 23, 2016 at $42.80 per share.

Then, on December 14, 2016, Yahoo announced an additional data breach and reported that data from more than 1 billion user accounts had been compromised in August 2013. Further, Yahoo disclosed that,  [f]or potentially affected accounts, the stolen user account information may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (using MD5) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.  Following this disclosure, The Wall Street Journal reported that Verizon was considering ways to amend the terms of its deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach and would likely seek  major concessions  from Yahoo. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell an additional $2.50 per share, or over 6%, to close on December 15, 2016 at $38.41 per share.

Finally, on January 23, 2017, The Wall Street Journal reported that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had opened an investigation into the timing of Yahoo s disclosures regarding the data breaches.

Yahoo shareholders may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class through Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check or other counsel, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. A lead plaintiff is a representative party who acts on behalf of all class members in directing the litigation. In order to be appointed as a lead plaintiff, the Court must determine that the class member s claim is typical of the claims of other class members, and that the class member will adequately represent the class in the action. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision of whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join

Read More Yahoo! Gives Snapshot of Privacy Law for 2017 Friday, February 3, 2017

Yahoo Inc. s recent cybersecurity woes recall the ever-present danger of  unknown unknowns. 1 Companies that fail to discover or remediate data breaches have traditionally run into a host of legal issues, ranging from contract and tort claims to specific statute or regulatory violations.2 But recent developments indicate that the duty to disclose data breaches after their detection is becoming, perhaps,  duties  to disclose, with nascent issues over the timing and manner of these notifications. Thus, failing to give proper notice of a cyberattack can prove an unexpected source of liability, not only to the putative victims of the breach and state agencies, but also to others, such as the investing public. The recent Yahoo! data breach disclosures are a high-profile example of how a combination of the above can have runaway consequences for large public companies.

By way of background, Yahoo! is currently facing an SEC investigation and is targeted by a variety of class-action lawsuits; it also faces the prospect of termination of an estimated $4.8 billion deal with Verizon over its failure to timely detect and disclose that it had been hacked two years ago (affecting 500 million accounts). Yahoo! reportedly first learned about the initial breach some weeks before alerting the public.3 Proving that things could in fact get worse, Yahoo! more recently reported that an additional one billion user accounts were compromised in a separate cyberattack.4  Biggest data breach in history  is an inauspicious byline for any company, much less one selling its web assets.

Right now, the Yahoo! disclosures provide an extensive case study (and perhaps soon, an SEC  test case ) on best practices in cybersecurity and emerging trends in privacy law:

Yahoo! Disclosures Suggest Greater Cybersecurity Due Diligence in M&A

The timing of the recent Yahoo! hacking revelations has led to intense scrutiny over when exactly Yahoo! learned about its data breaches and why it waited to alert the public. These revelations not only are damaging to its reputation, but also have led Verizon to suggest these breaches and potential fallout could be a  material  change to its $4.8 billion takeover bid.

The immediate takeaway: Yahoo! s cybersecurity troubles should prompt companies to reconsider their cybersecurity evaluations prior to striking a M&A transaction. Companies considering pursuit of a sale should consider safeguards and training in order to preserve their value to prospective purchasers. Likewise, purchasers should investigate the cybersecurity profile of sellers or merger partners, offering extensive questionnaires, hiring IT professionals to conduct objective assessments, employing  white hat  hackers to probe a company s security, among other tools and methods. Reputational harms and damage to goodwill should also not be underestimated many articles discussing the Yahoo! cyberattacks have highlighted the stress and uncertainty caused for many of its users.

Yahoo! Disclosures May Lead to First-in-Kind SEC Case

The SEC is reportedly investigating whether Yahoo! violated securities laws by failing to disclose its cybersecurity risks to investors. In 2011, the SEC released guidance discussing the potential disclosure obligations that could be triggered by a data breach or other cyber risks ( as with other operational and financial risks ) that would impact investment decisions. Notably, the 2011 guidance does not provide a timeline for such disclosures after a breach occurs.

While the SEC has yet to bring any enforcement action related to a failure by an issuer to disclose a data breach to investors, it has been reported5 that former SEC lawyers view the circumstances surrounding Yahoo s disclosures as a better test case than previous investigations. If the SEC ultimately decides to bring a case against Yahoo!, it could provide clarity on the duty to disclose under securities laws, particularly the timing and what properly qualifies as  material information  regarding cyber risks. An enforcement action could also indirectly suggest a federal standard for data breach notifications, at least by public companies. At the moment, efforts to pass federal data breach notification laws have been stalled in Congress, leaving companies to contend with a patchwork of 47 state laws with various disclosure requirements.

Yahoo! Disclosures May Clarify Privacy Harms in Federal and State Courts

Despite ominous headlines, Yahoo! maintains that 90% of its daily active users have  already taken or do not need to take remedial action to protect their accounts.  Yahoo! also apparently did not even lose much traffic or user engagement over its 2016 disclosures.

There is also lingering uncertainty over how Yahoo! users were actually harmed by these intrusions, and whether Yahoo! breached any applicable standards of care the company claims that a state-sponsored actor was responsible for the hacks, suggesting a high-level of sophistication and difficulty in detection.6 These are issues that will be parsed in their ordinary course as blame and costs (if any) are eventually assigned.7

Nonetheless, Yahoo! faces a series of lawsuits in federal and state courts alleging that the company acted with  gross negligence  and harmed users by failing to secure their data. But the plaintiffs will face considerable difficulties in establishing standing in these cases, at least based on existing case law. For data breaches affecting 1.5 billion accounts with countless documents and instances of private information, any potential harm to any given plaintiff might be seen as de minimis or negligible after all, what is the likelihood that any one person would suffer reputational or other damage that would give rise to standing? In perhaps an unintuitive way, the more massive the data breach, the more difficult it could be to establish individual standing to sue for damages, for following the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Spokeo v. Robbins (2016), federal courts hold that plaintiffs must allege concrete injuries above and beyond mere technical violations of their statutory privacy rights.

As these cases proceed, it will be of great interest to see how and if plaintiffs establish standing to sue. In the event that Yahoo! users actually document unusual activity in their accounts, such as specific instances of identity theft, their cases should stand a much greater chance of success. Moreover, it remains to be seen whether Yahoo! s delay in informing users could add any weight to these claims or lead to novel theories of harm.

Finally, it should be noted (as a separate matter) that state attorney generals may also initiate actions for civil penalties related to violations of state breach notification laws and they do not face the same standing issues as private plaintiffs.

Conclusion

The ongoing revelations over the recent Yahoo! data breaches should give companies some insight as to how the SEC and FTC may coordinate investigations of security breach notification duties. An FTC enforcement action detailing minimum cybersecurity for large public companies in this context and a similar SEC enforcement action establishing a data breach notification timeline has broad implications for national standards. The related litigation over the Yahoo! data breaches should also help clarify standing requirements and how privacy harms are treated in both federal and state courts.

1. From a speech by then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld,  Reports that say that something hasn t happened are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns the ones we don't know we don t know. And if one looks throughout the history of our country and other free countries, it is the latter category that tend to be the difficult ones. 

2. This trend should only continue as the FTC grows into the de facto cybersecurity regulator and enforces minimum standards for detection and prevention. The FTC has grown into this role by bringing over 50 cybersecurity-related cases since 2000 (half of which were brought after 2010) under section 5(a) of the FTC Act which allows the FTC to bring actions against  unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce.  The FTC has been gradually developing cybersecurity standards under the  unfairness  prong of section 5(a). There is currently a case pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, LabMd, Inc. v. FTC, that could potentially limit the FTC s authority in this regard.

3. There is some conflicting information about when Yahoo! learned about the hacks.

4. This was apparently discovered while Yahoo! was investigating the first breach.

5.  Yahoo Faces SEC Probe Over Data Breaches,  Wall Street Journal (Jan. 23, 2017), https://www.wsj.com/articles/yahoo-faces-sec-probe-over-data-breaches-14...

6. Note, however, that this has not been confirmed. There is an ongoing federal investigation into the nature of these cyberattacks and the identity of the responsible actors. Further, some cybersecurity experts, such as Brian Krebs, have questioned Yahoo! s cybersecurity posture in the past. Pretium Resources Inc.: Brucejack Commissioning Accelerated; Forecast to ... VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Feb 3, 2017) - Pretium Resources Inc. (PVG)(PVG) ("Pretivm" or the "Company) is pleased to report the acceleration of commissioning of the Brucejack Mine with dry commissioning now scheduled to commence in March and wet commissioning scheduled to commence in early April. In addition, an updated forecast of the capital cost to complete construction of the Brucejack Mine has been completed. The capital cost, including working capital, is now estimated to be US$811.1 million, an increase of 16% from the February 2016 capital cost estimate.

Commissioning

Construction has advanced ahead of schedule and dry commissioning of the mill is now planned for March with wet commissioning expected in early April. (Commissioning was previously planned for mid-2017.)

Over 110,000 tonnes of ore has been stockpiled on surface and underground in preparation for mill commissioning. Underground development is well advanced with eleven stopes crosscut on two levels in preparation for long-hole drilling and cross cutting of a further four stopes in progress. Long-hole drills are being mobilized, with long-hole drilling expected to commence the second week of March.

Highlights of Capital Cost Forecast

The total project capital cost forecast (the "February 2017 Forecast") to complete construction of the Brucejack Mine, including contingencies, is US$811.1 million, an increase of 16% from the February 2016 capital cost estimate of US$696.8 million. The February 2017 Forecast includes US$68.8 million of working capital for the first three months of production, but does not take into account any revenue generated during this period.

Key areas of capital cost increases from the February 2016 capital cost estimate include: the transmission line (US$37.9 million); costs to accelerate commissioning (US$13.9 million); new scope items (US$21.7 million); construction overages (US$34.1 million); and Indirects/Owner's costs (US$31.4 million).

The updated capital cost forecast to complete construction of the Brucejack Mine, including contingencies, has been prepared on the basis of: 97% committed of the February 2017 Forecast excluding working capital (US$719.7 million of US$742.3 million), substantial completion of engineering; award of all major contracts and purchase orders; substantial completion of civil works; approximately 95% completion of project wide concrete installation; substantial completion of fabrication of structural steel; approximately 60% completion of erection of site-wide structural steel; approximately 75% completion of process tank installation; approximately 15% completion of mechanical and piping installation for the mill building and associated works; approximately 25% completion of electrical and instrumentation installation for the mill building and associated works, completion and energization of the Stewart to Knipple substation transmission line works; and approximately 90% completion of the Knipple substation to Brucejack Mine transmission line.

A summary of capital costs from the February 2017 Forecast in comparison with the February 2016 capital cost estimate is shown in Table 1 below.

Table 1: Capital Costs Summary Comparison(1)

February 2017 Forecast

(US$ million) February 2016 Estimate

(US$ million) Mine underground 90.7 101.4 Mine site(2) 250.4 165.3 Offsite Infrastructure(3) 108.8 81.0 Total Direct Costs 449.9 347.7 Indirect Costs 78.3 97.5 Owner's Costs 209.0 160.3 Contingency 5.1 35.3 Total Capital Cost 742.3 640.8 Working Capital 68.8 56.0 Total Construction Cost 811.1 696.8

(1) US$0.75:C$1 (2) Includes mine site, mine site process, mine site utilities, mine site facilities, tailings facilities, mine site temporary facilities and surface mobile equipment. (3) Includes transmission line.

Working Capital

With the remaining draw under the US$540 million construction financing and available cash on hand, we have sufficient cash to complete the construction of the Brucejack Mine and are assessing our working capital requirements during the first three months of production.

Project Construction

All major components have been delivered to site and installation and assembly is ongoing. Process tank installation is 75% complete. The shell and heads for the SAG and Ball mills have been installed. Electrical and instrumentation along with other mechanical and piping installation within the mill building is ongoing.

The 330-person camp which includes mine dry, offices, recreation facilities, dining hall and kitchen has been commissioned and is fully operational.

Construction continues on the Valley of the Kings portal building. External structural steel erection is substantially complete. The portal will serve as the primary access point to convey the gold ore from the underground crusher to the mill.

The transmission line construction is nearing completion. As previously reported, all of the towers are in place and the first 42 kilometers of the 57-kilometer transmission line is energized to the Knipple substation. The final 15-kilometer section of the transmission line is 90% complete and expected to be energized this quarter. An additional six 2-megawatt diesel generators are fully commissioned and, combined with our initial 5-megawatts of diesel power, can provide adequate power to maintain full mill and underground production in the event of any grid power interruption.

Read More 
2017-03-20
How Does Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stack Up Right Now? Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $46.59, down from yesterday s close by -0.04%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

This company has been competing with others in the Technology space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently trades with a market capitalization of $44.56 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 15.37 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For YHOO, the company currently has $1.17 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.01 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to hold steady in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.08 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 1.76% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

As most professionals know, technical analysis can offer critical insights into what smart money and insiders think about a stock s prospects going forward. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Yahoo! Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $47.00. It is now trading 0.41% off that level. The stock is trading $44.49 its 50-day moving average by -2.1%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $33.87.

In recent action, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has made a move of +3.17% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is outperforming the S&P 500 by 19.84, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 6.00% with $883.52 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of YHOO. Are Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stock Technicals Favorable? With all other things going on, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been on a run   rising 13.88 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Yahoo! Inc. a neutral, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Yahoo! Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $1.41 below YHOO s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 35.91% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -0.88% from previous highs of around $47 per share on March 13, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 41.47% since hitting lows of $33.93 on March 24, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $46.26 and $46.43. In terms of pullbacks, $46.83 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Yahoo! Inc. RSI was seen at 66.92. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has been put into a neutral territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for YHOO is 73.26. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) moved to around 23.43. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. The Charts Expose On Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Is Causing A Stir The technicals for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup. Hundreds, perhaps thousands of books have been written on trading, strategies, tactics and everything in between. The result has been the mass-proliferation of confusion and less and less attention to the fundamentals of trading success. The fact remains that sound analysis of technical and chart data is still the biggest reason failing traders are transformed into winning traders.

(YHOO) has shown a marked change in trend levels over the course of recent market activity. Based on recent activity surrounding both the 50 and 200 SMAs, there s been a marked trend created which can be described as bullish. The composite picture painted by the trends built around both SMAs has also created a measured analysis of current investor sentiment as the stock navigates upside and downside risk. The established market sentiment toward the stock has created a trading environment which can suitably be described as positive. There has also been a knock-on effect as it relates to trading volume now reflected in weak real-time sentiment on the buying and selling curve; this has created in turn, indifference toward the stock as measured across a broad statistical mix of the general trading community.

As a composite and comprehensive tableau, the stock s position in the minds of the trading market reflects a broad analysis of technicals and inherent trends which underpin overall market-trading viability.

Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures are two very important leading indicators that help traders gauge overall movement of a particular stock; they act as boosters to technical analysis. Together they show in a measured way, whether or not a stock currently overbought or oversold. This indicator is crucial in determining whether traders are tipped toward the side of buying more of the stock, or doing the opposite and selling more of the stock. This is very important directional information necessary for making trading decisions. (YHOO) s current measure for its 14-day RSI is 65.77%; this is suggestive that on balance of the indicator, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture presents a complimentary view of overall sentiment in the present state for (YHOO). Stochastic data gathered over the last 30 days has created a score of 77.91%. This indicates that the stock is overbought at current levels.

The successful trader has within her or her arsenal a wide range of tools. The leading indicators mentioned above help make up that arsenal but they are by no means the only ones needed for trading success. Short term indicators, as well as performance indicators, can mean all the difference in executing successful trades. The omens depict a telling picture in terms of the near-term trading setup for (YHOO); this makes things very interesting to the curious and interested eye. The +1.43 has created a positive in the trailing 30 days since initiating movement. Over the extended term, the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 19.84%. This consistent movement and its attendant overall performance have produced higher daily volatility when compared with other stocks ranking in the same peer group and on the same exchange. The picture looks the same when the stock is assessed against volatility levels measured historically. This historical volatility gives a current reading of 10.15%. These measures of historic volatility are very handy in judging the underlying price momentum and the rate of change in the price of (YHOO). Bound up this picture of volatility, is another measure that gives the underlying thesis for (YHOO). This can best be seen by analyzing the readings for the stock s average true range, currently 1.35. ATR is a fine augment to the other indicators outlined above and should be used in conjunction and not as a standalone. Accused Spy in Yahoo Hack Worked for Russian Tycoon's Bank One of two alleged Russian intelligence officers charged by the U.S. with hacking a half-billion Yahoo! Inc. email accounts worked for billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov s investment bank until last week.

Igor Sushchin left his job as head of security at Renaissance Capital s brokerage unit March 16, a day after the U.S. unsealed its indictment in San Francisco, the company s press service said in a statement Monday.

RenCap said it learned about the case from media reports and wasn t aware of any accusations of wrongdoing in connection with Sushchin s employment, which was first reported by the Kommersant newspaper. Sushchin couldn t be reached via two home numbers listed in a Moscow directory.

The U.S. government accused Sushchin and a second agent of the Federal Security Service, or FSB, of conducting a broad scheme of profit-seeking and intelligence gathering that started no later than January 2014 and continued through at least Dec. 1, 2016.

Sushchin joined Renaissance Broker at the end of 2010, two people familiar with the situation said, declining to be identified as they are not authorized to speak officially.

The U.S. prosecutors outlined a scheme of economic espionage, wire fraud and theft of trade secrets, accusing the two Russian agents of conspiring with a hacker in the 2014 breach of Yahoo. A second hacker, a Kazakh-born Canadian, allegedly targeted people inside Russia in related data-gathering efforts.

Prosecutors said Sushchin was  embedded  at a Russian financial firm, where he monitored employee communications. They said it wasn t clear if the firm, which they didn t identify, knew of his FSB affiliation.

The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter.

Another FSB officer in the U.S. indictment is Dmitry Dokuchaev, a former hacker that was recruited by Russia s FSB. He, as well as senior FSB cyber investigator Sergei Mikhailov were arrested in December on treason charges and are being held in Moscow s Lefortovo prison, according to Ivan Pavlov, a lawyer involved in the case. They are charged with having contacts with U.S. intelligence, though few details of the case have been made public.

Russian investigators also detained Ruslan Stoyanov, an executive at Kaspersky Lab, a cybersecurity company. Kaspersky said the case involved allegations of wrongdoing before he worked for the company.

The people familiar with Renaissance Broker said the company started an internal investigation after the U.S. allegations became public.

Prokhorov, who also owns the Brooklyn Nets basketball team, couldn t be reached for comment immediately through his Onexim Group holding company, which declined to comment.

Russian officials have repeatedly denied conducting state-sponsored hacking. Stocks Highlights: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO):

Last Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its previous trading session at $46.59 with the Loss of -0.04%. The company s market cap is $44.52 Billion, and the average volume is $7.21 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $47, while the 52-week low range is $33.93. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Mar 13, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 24, 2016. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 8.62, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 1.43. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 1.23% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.20%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 17 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $0.14 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $0.1, while the High earnings estimate is $0.18.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $0.11.

According to 11 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $1.24 Billion and the Low Revenue estimate is $1.07 Billion, while the High Revenue estimate is $1.31 Billion.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) currently has a High Price Target of $57. The Mean and Low price Targets are $47.63 and $39, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 19 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.25 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

United Continental Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UAL):

Previous Trade:

United Continental Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UAL) shares declined -1.14% and ended the day at $66.79. Its 52-week high and low range is between $76.8 and $37.41. The stock has its 52-Week High on Dec 15, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 315.49 Million. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 5.83 Million. The stock has a market cap of 21.07 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 9.33 and Forward P/E of 8.24.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at -8.63%, SMA50 is -8.66 percent, while SMA200 is 13.43%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 5.6 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are 14.5 percent and 27.7 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 2.12. The Weekly Volatility is 3.90 percent and the Monthly Volatility is 2.74 percent.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 1.92 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $105 according to consensus of 16 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $75 and the Mean Target of $84.75, according to the Brokers.

United Continental Holdings, Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.35, according to consensus of 16 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $0.26, while the high EPS estimate is $0.6.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $8.35 Billion, according to consensus of 10 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $8.41 Billion and the lower end is $8.26 Billion. New Yahoo GC Arthur Chong Deals Well With Complexity, Says Former Colleague Arthur Chong, Sheppard Mullin.

SAN FRANCISCO   In just a few months, Yahoo Inc.'s new general counsel Arthur Chong will have to oversee a complex web of intellectual property assets, minority investments and corporate securities and debt. A lawyer who has worked with him says he's more than prepared.

"He deals extremely well with complexity," said Leif King, partner at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. King previously served as outside counsel to Chong, representing Broadcom Corp. in its $37 billion sale to Avago Technologies Ltd. At the time, it was the largest tech M&A deal ever recorded. 
2017-02-08
Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP Announces Shareholder Class Action Lawsuit ... RADNOR, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

The law firm of Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP announces that a shareholder class action lawsuit has been filed against Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) ( Yahoo  or the  Company ) on behalf of purchasers of the Company s securities between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016, inclusive (the  Class Period ).

Yahoo shareholders who purchased their securities during the Class Period may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class.

Shareholders who wish to discuss this action or request additional information about the lawsuit are encouraged to contact Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check attorneys D. Seamus Kaskela or Adrienne O. Bell at (888) 299-7706 or online at: https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join.

Yahoo is a multinational technology company that provides a variety of internet services including a search engine, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, advertising and fantasy sports. As of February 2016, Yahoo had an estimated 1 billion monthly active users. On July 25, 2016, Verizon Communications, Inc. ( Verizon ) formally announced its intent to acquire Yahoo s internet business for $4.8 billion.

The shareholder class action complaint alleges that Yahoo and certain of its executive officers made a series of materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company s business, operations and prospects to investors during the Class Period. Specifically, the defendants are alleged to have made false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) Yahoo failed to encrypt its users  personal information and/or failed to encrypt its users  personal data with an up-to-date and secure encryption scheme; (ii) consequently, sensitive personal account information from more than 1 billion users was vulnerable to theft; (iii) a data breach resulting in the theft of personal user data would foreseeably cause a significant drop in user engagement with Yahoo s websites and services; and (iv) as a result, Yahoo s public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

On September 22, 2016, Yahoo disclosed that hackers had stolen information in late 2014 on more than 500 user million accounts. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell $1.35 per share, or over 3%, to close on September 23, 2016 at $42.80 per share.

Then, on December 14, 2016, Yahoo announced an additional data breach and reported that data from more than 1 billion user accounts had been compromised in August 2013. Further, Yahoo disclosed that,  [f]or potentially affected accounts, the stolen user account information may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (using MD5) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers.  Following this disclosure, The Wall Street Journal reported that Verizon was considering ways to amend the terms of its deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach and would likely seek  major concessions  from Yahoo. On this news, Yahoo s share price fell an additional $2.50 per share, or over 6%, to close on December 15, 2016 at $38.41 per share.

Finally, on January 23, 2017, The Wall Street Journal reported that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had opened an investigation into the timing of Yahoo s disclosures regarding the data breaches.

Yahoo shareholders may, no later than March 27, 2017, petition the Court to be appointed as a lead plaintiff representative of the class through Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check or other counsel, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. A lead plaintiff is a representative party who acts on behalf of all class members in directing the litigation. In order to be appointed as a lead plaintiff, the Court must determine that the class member s claim is typical of the claims of other class members, and that the class member will adequately represent the class in the action. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision of whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff. For additional information or to learn how to participate in this action please visit https://www.ktmc.com/new-cases/yahoo-inc#join.

Read More Yahoo Hit With Another User Class Action Over Data Breach PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Watch User Engagement When Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Reports Earnings Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ) is either a buyout target worth at least 20 percent more or is trading at roughly fair value in the $13 billion   $16 billion market cap range. Last year, rumors that Salesforce.com, Inc. (NYSE: CRM ) or Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) might buy it sent the stock trading at unsustainable levels.

The market has since removed any takeout premium from its stock price. Good fourth-quarter engagement numbers could therefore have a positive influence on the stock price.

Previous Quarter Highlighted TWTR Stock s Growth

CEO Jack Dorsey stressed evidence of accelerating growth with its audience. Introducing new products and encouraging higher audience engagement are two goals for Twitter for this year. And last quarter, it focused on live events.

By delivering on a better user experience, TWTR stock has a good chance of reporting higher engagement numbers. This includes DAU (daily active users), MAU (monthly active users) and time spent on the site. If these numbers are up, advertisers will willingly spend more per click and campaign.

Analysts have low expectations for TWTR revenue and expect sales growth of only 4.2% year-over-year. The average revenue estimate is $740.13 million (the range is $713.4 million   $769.8 million. Yet for the full year, analysts expect sales growing 15% but just 9.3% next year.

Also expect strong user engagement from the live events. TWTR launched the live initiative last September. It syndicated the experience to its partners, including Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ), AOL, SBNation and Sports Illustrated. Its TV partners, which included Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), Microsoft and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), were also channels for Twitter s platform.

Presidential Election Tweets

Twitter s 10.4% jump in the last week may already show the benefit of tweet volume increasing during the U.S. elections. Advertisers likely bid higher rates for exposure on the platform in that time.

That could mean TWTR s revenue beats analyst expectations. Twitter noted that debates will help DAU numbers, but the platform requires constant live content to sustain quarterly active user growth:

 We want to really leverage this nationally and globally recognized content on live to build awareness of underserved so that we do have a dependable place to find live content. So we re very encouraged by those events, but for them to have an impact over a 90-day period our live strategy has to be more fully rolled out. And we re on the process of doing that. 

Next Page Eastern District of Pennsylvania Reaffirms Entry of Summary Judgment in Favor ... USA February 6 2017

On remand from the Third Circuit, the Eastern District of Pennsylvania recently reaffirmed its entry of summary judgment in favor of Yahoo!, holding once again that the company s email-to-text alert system did not qualify as an automatic telephone dialing system ( ATDS ). Specifically, the court found that  present capacity  was the appropriate standard and declined to apply the  potential capacity  test that a narrow majority of the FCC announced in its July 2015 Declaratory Ruling & Order ( 2015 Ruling ). See Dominguez v. Yahoo!, Inc., No. 13-1887, 2017 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 11346, at *7 (E.D. Pa. Jan. 27, 2017); Rules & Regulations Implementing Tel. Consumer Protection Act of 1991, 30 FCC Rcd. 7961 (2015).

As we previously discussed here and here, plaintiff Bill Dominguez alleged that Yahoo! violated the TCPA by sending him text messages using an email-to-text alert system to which the previous holder of his phone number had subscribed. Throughout the proceedings, Yahoo! consistently argued that it had not violated the TCPA because it had not used an ATDS, as its system  lack[ed] the capacity to store or produce telephone numbers to be called, using a random or sequential number generator.  Dominguez, 2017 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 11346, at *3. The court granted Yahoo! s first motion for summary judgment, agreeing with the company s position and holding that the Plaintiff had failed to offer any evidence that Yahoo! s text alert system  had the capacity to randomly or sequentially generate telephone numbers (as opposed to simply storing telephone numbers).  Id. at *4; Dominguez v. Yahoo!, Inc., 8 F. Supp. 3d 637 (E.D. Pa. 2014). The Plaintiff appealed to the Third Circuit, which, in a non-precedential decision, reversed and remanded with instructions that the trial court provide a fuller explanation of whether Yahoo! s system met the statutory definition of an ATDS and consider the FCC s 2015 Ruling addressing the definition of  capacity.  Dominguez v. Yahoo!, Inc., 629 F. App x 369 (3d Cir. 2015). Critically though, and as Judge Baylson s most recent decision notes,  [t]he Third Circuit agreed with [the EDPA s] definition of  random or sequential  number generation . . . and its holding that the statutory definition does in fact include such a requirement.  Dominguez, 2017 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 11346, at *4. On remand, Yahoo! renewed its motion for summary judgment and separately moved to exclude the Plaintiff s four expert witnesses who sought to opine upon the system s  potential  capabilities. The court granted both motions.

Following the Third Circuit s direction, the court began by providing a lengthy discussion of the term  capacity  as it has been used and interpreted in relation to the TCPA. Specifically, the court dissected the FCC s various rulings and found that the 2015 Ruling s  potential capacity  standard had  advanced a definition of  capacity  that is at once broader than the definitions previously elucidated by the FCC, and lacking in clearly delineated boundaries.  Id. at *17. Nevertheless, the court considered whether it would be appropriate to retroactively apply the FCC s interpretation to conduct that occurred before its adoption. In doing so, it discussed whether the 2015 Ruling was most akin to a substantive, adjudicative, or interpretive rule or a statement of policy, all of which have different retroactivity implications.

Ultimately, the court concluded that, while  the 2015 Ruling does not have the procedural hallmarks of a  substantive  rule, it certainly has the character of one,  and  [t]o refuse to classify the 2015 Ruling as a  substantive  rule . . . may then be to put form over substance.  Id. at *31-32. As a result, the court found that  retroactive application of the 2015 Ruling would . . . be manifestly unjust to Yahoo,  and that  it should apply the concept of  present capacity  because that was the FCC s test when this case was filed and when Plaintiff was receiving the text messages which form the basis of this lawsuit.  Id. at *19. Consistent with its prior opinion applying this standard, the court found that  the Yahoo system did not qualify [as an ATDS] under the TCPA s requirements.  Id. at *7. In doing so, the court noted that  [t]he Third Circuit affirmed this Court s interpretation of [the] statutory language, which, in the absence of any other evidence, requires granting Yahoo s motion for summary judgment.  Id.

Despite its finding that a  present capacity  test should be applied, the court went on to consider whether the  Plaintiff has provided evidence to create a factual dispute as to whether the Yahoo E-mail SMS Service had the  potential  or  latent  capacity to generate and dial random or sequential numbers.  Id. at *35-36. The court concluded that he had not. Specifically, the court considered the declaration of a Yahoo! employee who testified that  the system was not set up (nor did it have the unused functionality) to send text blasts to multiple numbers  and  was never connected to any server, system, or database that had any capacity to generate phone numbers.  Id. at *36-37. The court also considered the testimony of Plaintiff s four experts, whom Yahoo! moved to exclude under Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 509 U.S. 579 (1993). The court granted Yahoo! s motion as to all experts, holding that their opinions as to the system s latent capacity were not reliable because they were presented  without testing the viability of [the experts ] hypotheses,  and therefore would not be helpful to a jury asked to assess the capacity of a computer program. Dominguez, 2017 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 11346, at *58. The court recognized that, because the system had been abandoned by the time the case was remanded,  it was not possible for anyone to test  it. Id. at *60. But it reasoned that, while  this fact may generate some sympathy for [the] Plaintiff, it does not generate a viable legal theory, which is what the law requires.  Id. at *60-61. As a result, because the Plaintiff s experts  opinions were not based on testable or falsifiable methodologies, the court found them to be inadmissible. And, as these opinions were the only evidence the Plaintiff presented as to the potential capacity of Yahoo! s system, the court concluded  that [the] Plaintiff has not presented enough evidence to warrant a jury finding in its favor  even if the standard found in the 2015 Ruling applied. Id. at *61.

Yet the court still went a step further, addressing whether, even if they were admissible, the experts  reports and testimony  could establish a factual issue that the Yahoo system was able to generate sequential or random numbers and call those numbers.  Id. It held that they could not, as they did not present evidence showing that Yahoo! s system could both generate and call random or sequential numbers, as is required by the text of the statute. See 47 U.S.C.   227(a)(1) ( The term  automatic telephone dialing system  means equipment which has the capacity (A) to store or produce telephone numbers to be called, using a random or sequential number generator; and (B) to dial such numbers. ). As a result,  even if the expert reports were considered reliable and admissible, Yahoo would nevertheless be entitled to summary judgment.  Id. at *67. In short, the court found that, even under a  potential capacity  test, and even if Plaintiff s expert testimony was admissible, Yahoo! was entitled to summary judgment because it had not been shown that it used an ATDS in sending text messages to the Plaintiff.

The court s decision clearly and reasonably adjudicates a case involving an alleged TCPA violation that occurred well before the FCC s 2015 Ruling, while also strongly calling into question the soundness of that Ruling, which is currently on appeal before the D.C. Circuit, and may well be revisited by the FCC itself. We will continue to monitor the status of that appeal and other courts  treatment of these issues to see if they follow Judge Baylson s lead. 
2017-02-06
Why to Keeping Eye on AbbVie Inc. (ABBV), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)? AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) plunged -0.36% with the closing price of $60.67. The overall volume in the last trading session was 6.47 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at   in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.88 and sector s optimum level is 14.38.

AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) have shown a high EPS growth of 10.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 16.20% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.50 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $66.82 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.12% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $60.67 a share and the price is up more than -2.14% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of   vs. an industry average at 4.94. Its sales stood at 8.00% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $43.71 with the rising stream of 0.05% and its total traded volume was 6.42 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.58 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 9.49. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $43.71, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.34, compared to an industry average at 5.68. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $45.08 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 7.45% in three months and is down -1.60% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.50. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by ING Groep NV ING Groep NV boosted its stake in shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) by 2.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 893,871 shares of the digital content provider s stock after buying an additional 25,526 shares during the period. Yahoo! comprises about 0.6% of ING Groep NV s investment portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. ING Groep NV owned 0.09% of Yahoo! worth $34,539,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.

A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of YHOO. Oxford Asset Management increased its stake in Yahoo! by 42.6% in the second quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 708,149 shares of the digital content provider s stock valued at $26,598,000 after buying an additional 211,691 shares during the last quarter. Cedar Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Yahoo! during the second quarter valued at $256,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC purchased a new stake in Yahoo! during the second quarter valued at $432,000. Gabelli Securities Inc. increased its stake in Yahoo! by 6.7% in the second quarter. Gabelli Securities Inc. now owns 292,344 shares of the digital content provider s stock valued at $10,980,000 after buying an additional 18,300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new stake in Yahoo! during the second quarter valued at $2,743,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.37% of the company s stock.

Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) traded up 1.53% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $44.38. The stock had a trading volume of 5,239,031 shares. Yahoo! Inc. has a one year low of $26.15 and a one year high of $45.08. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $41.43 and a 200-day moving average of $41.52. The company s market cap is $42.54 billion.

Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The digital content provider reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.04. Yahoo! had a negative net margin of 4.15% and a positive return on equity of 0.65%. The company had revenue of $960.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.38 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.13 earnings per share. Yahoo! s revenue was down 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Yahoo! Inc. will post $0.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.

TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE:  Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by ING Groep NV  was first posted by Sports Perspectives and is the sole property of of Sports Perspectives. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://sportsperspectives.com/2017/02/06/yahoo-inc-yhoo-shares-bought-by-ing-groep-nv.html.

YHOO has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Yahoo! from a  hold  rating to a  buy  rating and set a $49.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. B. Riley restated a  neutral  rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of Yahoo! in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Vetr downgraded Yahoo! from a  buy  rating to a  hold  rating and set a $45.56 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. BGC Financial set a $49.00 target price on Yahoo! and gave the stock a  buy  rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $52.00 target price on Yahoo! and gave the stock a  buy  rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-three have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of  Hold  and a consensus target price of $43.85.

In other news, CRO Lisa Utzschneider sold 732 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.08, for a total value of $28,606.56. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive now directly owns 587,331 shares in the company, valued at $22,952,895.48. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders sold 3,816 shares of company stock valued at $155,012 over the last quarter. Insiders own 9.20% of the company s stock.

Yahoo! Company Profile

Yahoo! Inc (Yahoo), along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in digital information discovery. The Company s segments include the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. The Company focuses on informing, connecting and entertaining its users with its search (Yahoo search), communications, including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger, and digital content products, including Tumblr, and its four verticals, such as Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Lifestyle.

Receive News & Ratings for Yahoo! Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yahoo! Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Yahoo Japan Soars Most Since 2013 as Ads, E-Commerce Lift Profit Yahoo Japan Corp. jumped the most since 2013 after quarterly earnings beat estimates on strong growth in advertising and online shopping from smartphones.

Shares surged as much as 17 percent intraday in Tokyo and hit their daily upper price limit. They were 15 percent higher as of 10:35 a.m. -- adding about $3.4 billion in market value.

Operating income in the quarter through December was 51.8 billion yen ($460 million), compared with the 49.5 billion yen average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales were 221.4 billion yen, above analyst expectations for 219.5 billion yen.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The strong results come amid the company s continued push into smartphones, which accounted for more than half of all advertising revenue for the first time in its history. Online shopping through its auction service also helped thanks to tighter cost controls and higher spending by users. Its financial services business, which settles online transactions and provides credit cards, also performed better than analysts expected.

 Almost all businesses such as ads, paid membership, shopping and credit card were well-managed and provided positive surprises,  Naoshi Nema, an analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald, wrote in a Feb. 4 report where he upgraded his outlook.  We were relatively pessimistic on its future potential but we now change our view and believe its sustainable growth. 

Nema upgraded his price target to 660 yen per share from 400 yen, while boosting his outlook to overweight from neutral. Nomura Holdings Inc. also increased its price target to 640 yen from 590 yen.

The company operates one of Japan s most popular websites and provides everything from news aggregation to shopping through its auction platform. Monthly active users grew 16 percent from a year ago to 37.3 million, representing about a third of Japan s population.

Yahoo Japan counts SoftBank Group Corp. as its largest shareholder, with 36.38 percent of outstanding shares, according to Bloomberg data. Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo! Inc. is the second-largest, with 35.57 percent. Here's the full list of 97 companies that just filed against Trump's ... President Donald Trump s first two weeks in office have been tumultuous, to say the least. The biggest question ahead of the president s inauguration last month was just how literal Trump was on his historical campaign trail. While many who voted against Trump were afraid that the radical ideas he often proposed were in fact an accurate representation of his intentions, many supporters seemed to be operating under the impression that Trump would relax a bit if he did indeed end up taking office. For example, billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel famously said that voters should  take Trump seriously but not literally. 

The country and the world have now quickly learned that much of Trump s rhetoric was indeed to be taken literally, and his recent immigration ban is by far the new president s most controversial move to date. Now, in the latest chapter of this saga, 97 companies including some of the biggest names in tech have banded together to file a legal brief in opposition of Trump s executive order on immigration.





Don't Miss: The one way Android will never, ever be able to compete with the iPhone

In an amicus brief filed late on Sunday in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, 97 companies clearly stated their opposition to Trump s controversial executive order, which bars refugees and valid visa holders from seven Muslim countries from entering the United States. A US District judge temporarily lifted the immigration ban late on Friday night, but Trump and his staffers have already stated their intention to fight the judge s decision.

Apple, Google, Facebook, Spotify, Airbnb, Citrix, eBay, Etsy, Intel, Microsoft, Netflix, Snap, Twitter and Uber are just some of the high-profile companies that participated in filing the brief, the goal of which is to make clear that the technology industry and American businesses in general oppose Trump s ban.

 Immigrants make many of the Nation s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country s most innovative and iconic companies,  the brief stated.  America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm. But it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country. 

The brief can be seen in its entirety at this link, and the complete list of 97 companies responsible for the filing can be seen below.

LIST OF AMICI CURIAE

1. AdRoll, Inc.

2. Aeris Communications, Inc.

3. Airbnb, Inc.

4. AltSchool, PBC

5. Ancestry.com, LLC

6. Appboy, Inc.

7. Apple Inc.

8. AppNexus Inc.

9. Asana, Inc.

10. Atlassian Corp Plc

11. Autodesk, Inc.

12. Automattic Inc.

13. Box, Inc.

14. Brightcove Inc.

15. Brit + Co

16. CareZone Inc.

17. Castlight Health

18. Checkr, Inc.

19. Chobani, LLC

20. Citrix Systems, Inc.

21. Cloudera, Inc.

22. Cloudflare, Inc.

23. Copia Institute

24. DocuSign, Inc.

25. DoorDash, Inc.

26. Dropbox, Inc.

27. Dynatrace LLC

28. eBay Inc.

29. Engine Advocacy

30. Etsy Inc.

31. Facebook, Inc.

32. Fastly, Inc.

33. Flipboard, Inc.

34. Foursquare Labs, Inc.

35. Fuze, Inc.

36. General Assembly

37. GitHub

38. Glassdoor, Inc.

39. Google Inc.

40. GoPro, Inc.

41. Harmonic Inc.

42. Hipmunk, Inc.

43. Indiegogo, Inc.

44. Intel Corporation

45. JAND, Inc. d/b/a Warby Parker

46. Kargo Global, Inc.

47. Kickstarter, PBC

48. KIND, LLC

49. Knotel

50. Levi Strauss & Co.

51. LinkedIn Corporation

52. Lithium Technologies, Inc.

53. Lyft, Inc.

54. Mapbox, Inc.

55. Maplebear Inc. d/b/a Instacart

56. Marin Software Incorporated

57. Medallia, Inc.

58. A Medium Corporation

59. Meetup, Inc.

60. Microsoft Corporation

61. Motivate International Inc.

62. Mozilla Corporation

63. Netflix, Inc.

64. NETGEAR, Inc.

65. NewsCred, Inc.

66. Patreon, Inc.

67. PayPal Holdings, Inc.

68. Pinterest, Inc.

69. Quora, Inc.

70. Reddit, Inc.

71. Rocket Fuel Inc.

72. SaaStr Inc.

73. Salesforce.com, Inc.

74. Scopely, Inc.

75. Shutterstock, Inc.

76. Snap Inc.

77. Spokeo, Inc.

78. Spotify USA Inc.

79. Square, Inc.

80. Squarespace, Inc.

81. Strava, Inc.

82. Stripe, Inc.

83. SurveyMonkey Inc.

84. TaskRabbit, Inc

85. Tech:NYC

86. Thumbtack, Inc.

87. Turn Inc.

88. Twilio Inc.

89. Twitter Inc.

90. Turn Inc.

91. Uber Technologies, Inc.

92. Via

93. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.

94. Workday

95. Y Combinator Management, LLC

96. Yelp Inc.

97. Zynga Inc.

Trending right now:

See the original version of this article on BGR.com Time Inc. Launches Coinage, a Video-First Brand Covering Personal Finance NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Today, Time Inc. (TIME) launches Coinage, a new video-first brand covering personal finance that runs across 22 Time Inc. sites. Coinage will feature 600 short-form videos throughout 2017 to help guide everyday choices consumers make in spending, saving and investing for themselves and their families across all stages of life in a lighthearted and entertaining fashion.

Sponsored by GEICO and one of Time Inc. s largest video initiatives, Coinage is informed by rich data insights and curated through the wide range of brands and passions in the company s portfolio, including finance, celebrity, sports, politics, food, fitness and entertainment.

 We are excited to be working with Time Inc. on Coinage. It allows us to be part of an entertaining and practical video series that will resonate with our existing customers as well as new audiences,  said Geoff Troidl, Digital Marketing Senior Manager, GEICO.

Coinage videos, approximately 90 seconds in length, will feature original infographics, in-studio interviews with personalities and experts and other relevant news and information.

"Coinage is an extremely exciting new editorial franchise for us. It showcases both our rapidly expanding video prowess and our ability to leverage the digital scale and reach of our full portfolio," said Alan Murray, Time Inc. Chief Content Officer. "We are thrilled that GEICO is supporting this new initiative."

Editorially, Coinage will be led by Kate Santichen, Senior Producer, and Adam Auriemma, Digital Editor of Money. Nearly every Time Inc. brand will contribute content and promotional efforts to the project, including their social media channels, which reach an audience of nearly 250 million.

Watch Coinage s first videos here: Super Bowl, Credit Score and High-End House Flip.

ABOUT TIME INC.

Time Inc. (TIME) is a leading content company that engages over 150 million consumers every month through our portfolio of premium brands across platforms. By combining our distinctive content with our proprietary data and people-based targeting, we offer highly differentiated end-to-end solutions to marketers across the multimedia landscape. Our influential brands include People, Time, Fortune, Sports Illustrated, InStyle, Real Simple and Southern Living, as well as more than 50 diverse titles in the United Kingdom. Time Inc. has been extending the power of our brands through various acquisitions and investments, including Viant, an advertising technology firm with a specialized people-based marketing platform; The Foundry, Time Inc. s creative lab and content studio; and the People Entertainment Weekly Network (PEN). The company is also home to celebrated events, such as the Time 100, Fortune Most Powerful Women, People s Sexiest Man Alive, Sports Illustrated s Sportsperson of the Year, the Essence Festival and the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170206005947/en/ 
2017-01-12
Yahoo's email scan draws more questions from European Commission  
2017-01-09
Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Marissa Mayer, President and CEO of Yahoo, participates in a panel discussion at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, California, U.S. November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File Photo

Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer delivers her keynote address at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada in this January 7, 2014, file photo. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/Files

Yahoo Inc said Monday that it would rename itself Altaba Inc and Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer would step down from the board after the closing of its deal with Verizon Communications Inc.

Yahoo has a deal to sell its core internet business, which includes its digital advertising, email and media assets, to Verizon for $4.83 billion.

The terms of that deal could be amended - or the transaction may even be called off - after Yahoo last year disclosed two separate data breaches; one involving some 500 million customer accounts and the second involving over a billion.

Verizon executives have said that while they see a strong strategic fit with Yahoo, they are still investigating the data breaches.

Five other Yahoo directors would also resign after the deal closes, Yahoo said in a regulatory filing on Monday. (bit.ly/2iXrbwn)

The remaining directors will govern Altaba, a holding company whose primary assets will be a 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and 35.5 percent stake in Yahoo Japan.

The new company also named Eric Brandt chairman of the board, effective Jan. 9.

(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; editing by Sriraj Kalluvila, G Crosse) Yahoo And Verizon: Either Way, It's Yahoo Shareholders That Lose By Parke Shall

Debate has continued this week as to whether or not Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will be considering abandoning its planned purchase of Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core assets. We think the possibility is still there that Verizon may abandon this deal, but after we stepped back and looked at the whole situation this morning we were really only able to draw one conclusion: the real loser in the Verizon Yahoo deal is Yahoo shareholders.

Yahoo has done an enormous disservice to its shareholders over the last couple of years and is simply not a stock we would want to own going forward, no matter what the outcome of the merger.

From our viewpoint, management and the board have consistently put shareholders last and have displayed actions to us that consistently make us glad that we are not Yahoo shareholders. In today's article, we wanted to discuss two potential outcomes of the Yahoo/Verizon merger and also talk about how both of these outcomes are detrimental to Yahoo shareholders. From there, we want to briefly discuss why we don't think Yahoo's management team should be trusted going forward and why Yahoo should not be a stock to own regardless of how and when the Verizon deal finally hits a terminus.

As for those unfamiliar with the story, Yahoo and Verizon have supposedly been jockeying back-and-forth on terms since it was revealed that there has now been a second data breach that Yahoo recently incurred that it did not share with Verizon prior to Verizon making its bid for the company. We have been questioning the Yahoo and Verizon merger since the revelation of these data breaches for several months now. We also wrote a series of articles skeptical about Yahoo being able to sell its core business at all, claiming that there may have been a couple of wild cards underneath the surface that Yahoo may have not disclosed. We commented in these articles that we found it to be troubling how long it was taking Yahoo to sell its core assets. We were put off by how long the process was taking and how many times the company had repeated itself when it made announcements that it was putting itself up for sale. It seems like a lot of show and not a lot of action.

Lo and behold, several years go by and Yahoo finally finds a bidder. It then comes out of the woodwork that Yahoo has not disclosed two massive data breaches to the bidder, once again highlighting how poorly run Yahoo's business is. This brings us to where we are today, with analysts trying to figure out whether or not the entire process might derail based on these new revelations.

Though it may not be a shocker to our readers, we are going to continue to be skeptical and take the position that this very well may wind up costing Yahoo the merger. To no surprise of ours, analysts have come out and taken the "rose colored glasses" view, recently stating that they do not expect this data breach to terminate the merger, while they do believe that it may be cause for some concessions on the part of Yahoo. Seeking Alpha recently reported,

Despite some widely debated comments from Verizon's Marni Walden, who said at a Citi conference this week that the company was "unsure" about closing a $4.8B deal for Yahoo, analysts are still largely expecting the deal to go through.

"For all of Yahoo's flaws, you're not going to find a property that has a billion users that you are going to pick up for [less than] $5B," says A.T. Kearney's Greg Portell, pointing to ad tech's key to the play. "The deal's economics were good at the start of this. So, if Verizon is able to knock off a billion dollars and get protection against user data exposure, it's better for them."

"There are not a lot of media properties on the planet that have a billion user accounts and leading categories," says CFRA's Scott Kessler, who notes the massive data breach actually proved Yahoo's massive scale.

Verizon could be hard pressed to prove that Yahoo's worth declined due to breaches that occurred a few years ago.

We would take a couple of exceptions with this line of thinking that analysts have put forth. First, it seems as though they are making excuses for Yahoo's poor performance. Where are the analysts holding Yahoo management's feet to the fire? While management might enjoy analysts making excuses for them, we are not sure that shareholders find this amusing. Putting out the fact that Yahoo may wind up losing money on the deal in a cavalier fashion should only irritate and annoy Yahoo shareholders further.

Analysts back up these statements by telling people to look at what an opportunity it is to capture 1 billion users for the price. While we certainly understand the importance of owning user data, and we understand the role that it played in buyouts of companies like LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD), we can't help but wonder this: if it is such a great price and Yahoo's user information is such a fantastic commodity, why wasn't there a legitimate and significant bidding war for this information? We know there were deliberations between several companies who considered buying Yahoo, but we think anybody would be hard-pressed to say that it was an all out war for Yahoo's assets. It actually seemed like quite the opposite, that perhaps Yahoo was having trouble selling itself.

The problem is that either way, Yahoo shareholders are getting the worst end of this deal. If the deal doesn't go through, it will have been an enormous waste of resources and time once again exemplifying Yahoo management's inability to get any type of tangible work done. It would not only be a huge disappointment in terms of morale for Yahoo shareholders, it would be a tremendous waste of resources.

If the deal goes through for a lower price, like some of these analysts are suggesting, it is also a negative for Yahoo shareholders. Management will likely retain their bonuses from pushing the merger through, the legal teams that helped out will get their fees and the discount will really come at the expense of Yahoo shareholders.

So forgive us for once again taking the skeptical angle to these continued talks as both parties try to establish what the end game is going to be for this merger. We believe that there is still significant chance that the merger winds up getting called off and to be honest, we still don't know if there are any more skeletons hiding in Yahoo's closet. One thing is for sure and that is this entire debacle has spoken volumes about the incompetency of Yahoo's management and Board of Directors. There is absolutely no way we would be confident in holding Yahoo stock going forward, regardless of the outcome of this deal, with the current management and current board of directors in place. BRIEF-Yahoo Inc board names Eric Brandt as chairman of boards Jan 9 Yahoo! Inc -

* Board determined, effective January 9, Eric Brandt will become chairman of board and Maynard Webb will become chairman emeritus of board

* Board made certain determinations with respect to size, composition following closing of sale of co's operating business to verizon

* Board determined that, following deal closing, it intends to cause company's name to be changed to Altaba Inc

* David Filo, Eddy Hartenstein, Richard Hill, Marissa Mayer, Jane Shaw, Maynard Webb has said that he or she intends to resign from board upon closing of deal

* Board has determined that, immediately following closing of deal, size of board will be reduced to five directors Source text: (bit.ly/2ic3LCE) Further company coverage: Yahoo leftovers will be called Altaba, Mayer will not be on board Yahoo leftovers will be called Altaba, Mayer will not be on board Ross Levinsohn Named Executive Chairman of MundoMedia Ross Levinsohn, Yahoo! Inc. s former chief executive, today was appointed executive chairman of digital advertising agency MundoMedia Ltd.

The Toronto-based firm went public through a merger with Harmony Merger Corp., which has headquarters in New York.

 We are extremely excited that Ross is taking a much larger and more impactful roll at Mundo,  Jason Theofilos, chief executive of MundoMedia, said in a statement.

Prior to leading Yahoo, Levinsohn was president of Fox Interactive, a unit of Rupert Murdoch s News Corp. Levinsohn is a board member of Tribune Media, Zefr and and Vubiquity. He graduated from American University.

 The growing importance of precision marketing plays squarely in the favor of MundoMedia s business model," Levinsohn said in a statement. "Every day the chorus grows louder from marketers to substantiate value for every dollar spent   Mundo excels at delivering results and quality experiences.  HP Inc (HPQ) Introduces Multiple Products at CES, Las Vegas Technology giant HP Inc. HPQ ushered in the New Year with the launch of latest ultrabooks, PCs and notebooks at CES 2017. It is an annual technology tradeshow conducted by the Consumer Technology Association every year in January in Las Vegas. The latest additions will provide faster web access, have increased durability and larger displays.

The company s latest offering includes the Spectre 13   the thinnest and most powerful iteration of laptops   that are anticipated to enhance the web experience and provide high-quality visuals. Powered by Intel Inc. s INTC i5 or i7 processors, the ultra-portable gadget is expected to improve user experience through better connectivity.

The ultrabook has huge file storage capacity with solid state drive options and provides 3D graphics. It has been designed to make data center handling simpler, more flexible, efficient and cost effective. Though the ultrabook is a high-end product, it is suitable for both consumer and corporate purposes. HP s Spectre 13 could challenge Apple's AAPL laptop in the rapidly growing market for ultra-portable computers. The new Ultrabook runs on Microsoft Corp. s MSFT Windows 10.

Other Launches at the Event

Notably, the company rolled out five new products last week at CES 2017. The offerings include the HP EliteBook x360, Spectre x360, ENVY Curved All-in-One 34, Sprout Pro and OMEN X 35 Curved Display that has a high-definition (HD) screen which can be easily connected to other devices. The company claims that these products are the world's slimmest full performance notebook PCs, which are likely to offer the ideal combination of enhanced performance, mobility and price.

HP Elite products cater to the current demand for ultra-thin, ultra-light, power efficient mobile products that are suitable for a bring-your-own-device (BYOD) environment. Hence, these products should help the company hold its own in the sluggish PC market.

The slimmest among the Elite family, the models will be available from January. These products will enhance web experience and provide high-quality visuals. Moreover, the new line-up will add variety and functionality to some older notebooks and desktops, which in turn, will attract new clients.

Conclusion

HP s efforts to turn around the business have been commendable. The company has adopted a strategy of engaging in product innovations and differentiation as well as enhancing the printing business  capabilities to stabilize the top line.

Furthermore, looking at the data compiled by two independent research firms   Gartner and International Data Corporation   we believe that the downtrend in PC shipments moderated in third-quarter 2016, compared with the previous quarters.

Notably, for HP, this was the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year shipment growth following five back-to-back quarters of underperformance. The company witnessed a 2.3% increase in PC shipments. We believe that the spin-off from Hewlett-Packard Company and restructuring initiatives, such as focus on product innovations, pricing, marketing and sales activities, divestment of non-core assets, and job cuts to lower costs, are finally paying off.

The stock has gained approximately 40.8% over the last one year, outperforming the Zacks categorized Computer-Mini Computers industry s return of 20.7%. Yahoo Inc board names Eric Brandt as chairman of boards  
2017-02-04
Google, Facebook Put Heat On Lawmakers To Reform ECPA PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2017-02-02
The Clock Ticks Down to the Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Acquisition I m increasingly confident that Yahoo! Inc. s (NASDAQ: YHOO ) acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ ) is going to close only a little behind schedule.

Yes, the online superpower is facing an SEC investigation into why management waited years to let the world know their billion-user database had been hacked. But those managers and the compliance systems the regulators want to test are unlikely to stick around once VZ stock takes its prize.

Troubles for YHOO Stock?

The SEC investigation doesn t seem like it will become the kind of juicy probe into fraud that can bring a company to its knees. All the regulators really want to know is whether the timing of the hack announcement left outside investors at a disadvantage.

Based on price action since we all found out that YHOO security was compromised several years ago, I d say the gun just isn t smoking. Management confessed that the database had been accessed back in September, when the stock was trading at a comfortable $44.15. Today, shares are priced around $45, so any investor harm here is minimal at best.

What we re left with is a deal timeline that is pushed back only a few months. Given the complexity of YHOO stock s media architecture, a merger like this takes time to do right, so I m actually pleased to see a few delays.

And they re almost certain to be just delays and not any kind of hard stop. This deal made sense before the investigation, and it still makes sense now.

YHOO s business may have flattened out, but Verizon isn t interested in building a business organically from the ground up. They re already running a $200 billion juggernaut that has stopped growing on its own. Bolting YHOO onto that chassis could help earn VZ stock 4%-5% of top-line growth in the first year after the deal closes. That s enough to keep shareholders happy in the near term.

From there, it s a matter of strategic execution.

VZ stock has ambitious media plans, and I think the ongoing presence of the Huffington Post proves that the company is dedicated to building an empire of online content. Granted, YHOO itself hasn t been growing that fast lately   revenue stalled last quarter   but that s what happens when managers brace for a transition   plans get mothballed, ideas get filed away, and the innovation cycle pauses.

Whether it gets back to work down the road is up to the new managers. In the meantime, it s likely that the processes which facilitated the security breach at Yahoo will go away as the acquisition unfolds.

Verizon has its own account security, and moments like this are a traditional opportunity to let IT managers on both sides take the best overall solution for the larger enterprise and let the weaker systems go.

Hilary Kramer is the editor of GameChangers, Breakout Stocks, High Octane Trader, Absolute Capital Return and Value Authority. She is an accomplished investment specialist and market strategist with more than 25 years of experience in portfolio management, equity research, trading, and risk management. She has extensive expertise in global financial management, asset allocation, investment banking and private equity ventures, and is regularly sought after to provide her analysis on Bloomberg, CNBC, Fox Business Network and other media. 
2017-03-28
Between The Numbers: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are on a recovery track as they have regained 34.03% since bottoming out at $34.62 on Mar. 28, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.79% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 19.99% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -1.67% from $47.19 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 31.71% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $47.63 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.64%, and the sector s average is 4.7%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -14.64% since hitting a peak level of $28.97 on Mar. 01, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -9.48% in the past one month, the stock price is now with underperforming -8.31% so far on the year   still in weak zone. In this case, shares are 57.39% higher from $16.02, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Apr. 07, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 19.56% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $24.73, FITB has a chance to add $2.72 or 11% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($27.45) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 3 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.32 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Fifth Third Bancorp s EPS growth has been nearly 10.3%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 4.77%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Fifth Third Bancorp s ROE is 10.03%, while industry s is 16.04%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 15.47%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. FITB s ROA is 1.1%, while industry s average is 2.3%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 2.43. Latest Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Rating Reiterated by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Raymond James Trust N.A. reduced its position in shares of Whirlpool Co. (NYSE:WHR) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,584 shares of the company s stock after selling 28 shares during the period. Raymond James Trust N.A. s holdings in Whirlpool were worth $2,842,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Whirlpool by 93.8% in  Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Closed its Previous Trade at $46.4 Share Price and 1 Year Extreme Prices Analysis

The share of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a value of $46.4 while the company s 52 week low is at $34.62, the shares dropped to the 52 week low on Mar 28, 2016. While the company s share hit the 52 week high on Mar 21, 2017 stationing the value of $47.19.

The difference of 52 week low value as well as 52 week high value and the current price of the stock suggests the next move of the shares. If the share price is currently hovering near the 52 week low and the value is achieved in the current past then it can suggest that the price of the shares is likely to go up.

Share Volume Analysis

The volume of the particular stock is the shares bought and sold in a single trading day. The average volume of a stock suggests the liquidity of a particular company. If the average volume is low then the liquidity is low which means it is hard to buy or sell the stock as there are fewer buyers or sellers of the stock.

Currently the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has the trading volume of 6 Million shares with the average trading volume of 6.45 Million shares.

Price to Earnings Ratio

P/E of the company is not reported.

Earnings per Share EPS

Yet another important factor while evaluating a good buy/sell decision for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is its Earnings per Share or EPS. EPS breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis.

Currently, EPS of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 0.25 while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 0.21 suggesting the company fell short of the analysts  expectations.

Market Capitalization Analysis

Market Capitalization can be thought of as the overall price to buy the company. Market Capitalization if basically the market value of the company s shares outstanding. Market Cap is also the figure use to determine company s size, as opposed to using sales or total asset figures.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a market capitalization of 44.38 Billion which suggests the company is a huge company further suggesting that the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) are stable and safe compared to the lower market capitalization companies. Investment Research Analysts Opinion: American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL ... American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) tinted gains of +0.02% (+0.01 points) to US$41.74. The volume of 6.05 Million shares climbed down over an trading activity of 6.94 Million shares. EPS ratio determined by looking at last 12 month figures is 4.78. Over the same time span, the stock marked US$50.64 as its best level and the lowest price reached was US$24.85. The corporation has a market cap of US$20.88 Billion.

American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) s earnings per share has been growing at a 18.2 percent rate over the past 5 year when average revenue increase was noted as 10.9 percent. The return on equity ratio or ROE stands at 62.2 percent while most common profitability ratio return on investment (ROI) was 13 percent. The company s institutional ownership is monitored at 82.6 percent. The company s net profit margin has achieved the current level of 6.7 percent and possesses 35.6 percent gross margin.

FT reports, Dividends

Daily Analyst Recommendations

A number of key analysts, polled by FactSet, shared their views about the current stock momentum. The forecast of 6 surveyed investment analysts covering the stock advises investors to Buy stake in the company. At present, 0 analysts call it Sell, while 10 think it is Hold. Recently, analysts have updated the overall rating to 2.4. 1 analysts recommended Overweight these shares while 1 recommended Underweight, according to FactSet data.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is worth US$44.57 Billion and has recently fallen 0% to US$46.4. The latest exchange of 6 Million shares is below its average trading activity of 6.86 Million shares. The day began at US$45.92 but the price moved to US$45.74 at one point during the trading and finally capitulating to a session high of US$46.48. The stock tapped a 52-week high of US$47.19 while the mean 12-month price target for the shares is US$47.63.

Currently, the stock carries a price to earnings ratio of 0, a price to book ratio of 1.43, and a price to sales ratio of 8.62. For the past 5 years, the company s revenue has grown 0.7%, while the company s earnings per share has grown -17.9%. With an institutional ownership near 83.2%, it carries an earnings per share ratio of -0.23.

According to Financial Times, The 19 analysts offering 12 month price targets for Yahoo! Inc. have a median target of 48.00, with a high estimate of 57.00 and a low estimate of 39.00. The median estimate represents a 3.45% increase from the last price of 46.40.

Inside Look At Analysts Reviews

Latest analyst recommendations could offer little help to investors. The stock is a Buy among 9 brokerage firms polled by Factset Research. At present, 17 analysts recommended Holding these shares while 0 recommended sell, according to FactSet data. 0 analysts call it Underweight, while 1 think it is Overweight. Recently, investment analysts covering the stock have updated the mean rating to 2.4. 
2017-02-16
Yahoo: New Data Breach Involved Forged Cookies Yahoo Inc. (YHOO), which has been reeling from two data breaches that impacted more than 1.5 billion customer accounts and has placed its deal with Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) in doubt, disclosed late Wednesday yet another potential hit.

According to a Reuters report, Yahoo has been alerting users of potential malicious activity in their accounts, but this time from 2015 and 2016. The previous data breaches, which were the largest in history, occurred in 2013 and 2014.

In a statement to Reuters, Yahoo confirmed it was alerting users who may have been impacted by the malicious code but would not say how many customers it affected. Yahoo said some of the latest potential incident is the result of a  state sponsored actor  that was behind the 2013 and 2014 data breaches. In those cases the culprits got away with email addresses, dates of birth and security question answers. Yahoo said the malicious activity was centered on  forged cookies.  Yahoo said the forged cookies could enable a hacker to access user accounts without the need for a password.

The Sale to Verizon

The latest revelation comes at a perilous time for Yahoo, which is trying to close the sale of its core internet assets to Verizon. Verizon originally agreed to pay $4.85 for those assets, but the deal has been up in the air since Yahoo disclosed the breaches.

In September, Yahoo rocked investors, consumers and Verizon when it revealed certain user-account information was stolen by the state-sponsored actor. At the time, Yahoo said as many as 500 million user accounts were affected by the hack. The stolen information may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth and hashed passwords, Yahoo said. (See also: Yahoo Confirms Massive Data Breach.)

That was followed by an announcement in mid-December in which Yahoo said it believes an  unauthorized third party  stole data associated with more than 1 billion user accounts in August 2013. Yahoo thinks the 2013 hack is  likely distinct  from the other incident. In November, Yahoo disclosed in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that law enforcement provided it with data files that a hacker claimed was Yahoo user data. Upon analyzing it with the help of outside forensic experts, Yahoo has said it turned out to be the company s data.

  Unusual Volume Spikes For: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Jefferies Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 10/21/16. The stock recently closed its previous session at $45.65 by showing a percentage change of 1.4% from its previous day closing price of $45.02.

Price Target is basically a projection of future price of a company s stock by the expert analysis of investment analysts or investment firms. There may be various price targets for a stock. These analysts and investment firms use various valuation methods to decide a price target for a stock.

Several investment firms issued their expert ratings on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) in which Needham Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to Hold with no specific Price Target on 10/18/16. MKM Partners Maintains the stock to Buy on 10/17/16 with no specific Price Target. Morgan Stanley Downgrades the company s stock to Equal-Weight on 7/26/16 by setting a price target of $42. Credit Suisse Maintains Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to Neutral with a price target of $46.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) currently has a consensus Price Target of $46.76. While some analysts have a High Price target for the stock of $57 and a Low Price Target of $39.

Several sell side analysts reviewed their recommendations on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) where 4 analyst have rated the stock as Strong Buy, 7 analysts said it s a Buy, 18 rated the stock as Hold, 0 analysts reported Underperform and 0 analysts gave their recommendations as Sell. (Current Month Yahoo Finance Ratings)

Zacks Investment Research also rated the stock with a value of 2.25. This scale runs from 1 to 5 where 1 represents Strong Buy and 5 represents Sell.

In the last Quarter, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) reported its Actual EPS of $0.25/share. The analysts offering Earnings Estimates for the company were believing that Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) could bring EPS of $0.21/share. The difference between Actual EPS and Estimated EPS was 0.04 Percent. Thus the company showed an Earnings Surprise of 19 Percent.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has a market capitalization of 43.56 Billion. The stock traded with the volume of 22.21 Million shares in the last trading session. The stock touched its high share price of $46.72 on Feb 15, 2017 and the stock also touched its Lowest price in the last 52-weeks of trading on Feb 18, 2016 as $29.39. The company has a 1 Year high price target of $46.76. The stock is currently trading with a distance of 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) of 3.75%. The Moving Average SMA50 is 9.34% while SMA200 is 12.85%.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is currently showing its ROA (Return on Assets) of -0.4%. The Return on Investment (ROI) is at -1.6% while it s Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 18.05 percent while its Weekly performance value is 1.29%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are 8.72 percent and 55.43 percent respectively. The Relative Volume value measured for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is 2.57. The Average Volume (3 months) is 8.64 Million.

The stock currently has its Annual Dividend of $0 and an annual Dividend Yield of 0 Percent. YHOO has P/E (Price to Earnings ttm) value of 0, Forward P/E of 64.12, P/C (Price to cash per share) of 6.39 and Price to Free Cash Flow (P/FCF) value of 43.27. The stock is showing its Operating Margin of -12.5 percent.

Company Profile:

Yahoo! Inc. is a global Internet communications, commerce and media company that offers a comprehensive branded network of services. As one of the first online navigational guides to the World Wide Web, Yahoo! is one of the leading guides in terms of traffic, advertising, and household and business user reach. The company also provides online business and enterprise services designed to enhance the productivity and Web presence of Yahoo! s clients. Takeda Completes Acquisition of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. CAMBRIDGE, Mass. & OSAKA, Japan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TSE:4502) ( Takeda ) today announced the completion of its acquisition of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARIA) ( ARIAD ) for $24.00 per share in cash.

 We are very pleased to have completed the acquisition of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals. The addition of ARIAD s innovative targeted therapies and research and development capabilities strengthens and diversifies our oncology business, positioning Takeda for sustainable long-term growth in this priority therapeutic area,  said Christophe Weber, president and chief executive officer of Takeda.  We are particularly excited by the global potential of brigatinib, an investigational drug product, which we believe will become a best-in-class ALK inhibitor for non-small cell lung cancer with the potential to achieve peak annual sales of over $1 billion. We are also impressed with the swiftness and agility of Takeda and ARIAD employees as they have planned for a successful integration while remaining focused on strategic goals. This bodes very well for the future of our combined business, and we look forward to building on this strong start to maximize the benefit of Iclusig  (ponatinib) and potential of brigatinib for cancer patients. 

 The acquisition of ARIAD is transformational for Takeda Oncology. Iclusig enhances our strong position in hematology in the U.S., and brigatinib has the potential to broaden our solid tumor franchise globally,  said Christophe Bianchi, president of Takeda Oncology.  There is a strong cultural fit between our two companies, with a shared mission to advance innovative therapies to improve the lives of patients with cancer. We have been working together over the past month to plan for a smooth integration of our businesses and we will work closely with regulatory authorities on our brigatinib market authorization submissions. 

Takeda continues to expect the transaction to be accretive to Underlying Core Earnings by FY2018. Strong revenue growth and synergy savings will offset increased sales and marketing costs for the anticipated brigatinib launch.

Tender Offer Details

Takeda completed the acquisition through a tender offer and subsequent merger of ARIAD with Kiku Merger Co., Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceuticals U.S.A. ARIAD is now an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Takeda.

The tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of ARIAD common stock expired as scheduled, immediately following the offer s expiration time of 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on February 15, 2017. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the depositary and paying agent for the tender offer, has advised Takeda that 158,558,628 shares of ARIAD common stock were tendered, representing approximately 81.4% of the shares outstanding. All of the conditions to the tender offer having been satisfied, Takeda s indirect wholly owned subsidiary Kiku Merger Co., Inc. has accepted for payment and will promptly pay for all shares tendered. The transaction will be funded by approximately $3.5 billion of new debt and the remainder from existing cash. Takeda is expected to remain investment grade and the transaction has no impact on Takeda s dividend policy.

On February 16, 2017, Takeda completed its acquisition of ARIAD through the merger of Kiku Merger Co., Inc. with ARIAD without a vote of ARIAD s shareholders pursuant to Section 251(h) if the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result of the merger, ARIAD became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Takeda. In connection with the merger, all ARIAD shares not purchased in the tender offer have been converted into the right to receive $24.00 per share in cash, without interest (less any required withholding taxes), the same amount paid for all shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn in the tender offer. ARIAD common stock will cease to be traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market.

Evercore Partners acted as financial advisor and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP acted as legal advisor to Takeda. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Lazard acted as financial advisors and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as legal advisor to ARIAD.

About Takeda Pharmaceutical Company

Read More Unicorn Buybacks and Securities Law People are worried about unicorns doing stock buybacks.

No, they're not really worried, but I appreciate that Uber Technologies Inc. hasn't waited to go public to start doing stock buybacks from its employees. "Those who work at the San Francisco company for at least four years can sell as much as 10 percent of their shares."

Two themes that I like to talk about around here are:

Private markets are the new public markets, and massive multinational companies with 11-digit valuations can raise billions of dollars from institutional and retail investors without the formality of going public; and so The main function of public markets these days is not for companies to raise money, but for them to return money to shareholders.

Uber is the poster unicorn for the first theme, and I'd thought for the second as well, but perhaps it will become massively profitable and move to capital-return mode without ever going through an initial public offering.

But not yet. Now it is losing money and being subsidized by (billions of dollars from) investors. Which makes the buybacks particularly fascinating:

While Uber s buyback approach can help it retain talent, it may also benefit the company s bottom line. Using its own money, Uber purchases common stock for 25 percent to 35 percent less than the price of preferred shares from its most recent funding round, one person familiar with the matter said. It can then turn around and sell shares at a premium in a subsequent round. Still, an employee who got their stock four years ago stands to make more than a 10-fold increase on the sale.

When I was an investment banker working on structured equity issuance and buybacks, one dorky joke that we had was that companies could do "equity-financed stock buybacks." The idea was that a company would issue new stock, and use the money it raised to buy back stock. This of course makes no sense -- it was a joke -- though it came up more often than you'd think. (Bankers like to propose trades, what can I say.) One reason it makes no sense is that it is pointless for the company: Issuing stock and buying back stock leaves you in the same place as before. Another reason it makes no sense is that it is pointless for investors: If outsiders want to buy stock, and employees want to sell stock, the employees can sell stock to the outsiders, and the company never needs to get involved. In Uber's case, where the stock is not public and there are restrictions on trading, this does not apply; the buyback program fills a real need for employees.

But the deeper economic problem with the equity-financed stock buyback is what you could call the bid-ask spread. When public companies sell stock to the public, they usually need to do it at a discount: If your stock is trading at $100 before the offering, you're going to sell stock at $98 or $95 or whatever. (You're creating new supply, driving down the value; plus you are selling a big block and paying to get liquidity.) And when public companies buy back stock, they usually need to do it at a premium: If your stock is trading at $100 before the buyback, you're going to pay $101 or $102 or whatever in the buyback. (You're reducing supply -- and increasing earnings per share -- which drives up the value; plus you are buying a big block and paying to get liquidity.) So the equity-financed stock buyback -- selling stock at $98 to buy back the same stock at $102 -- is obviously dumb.

With Uber -- with unicorns more generally, perhaps -- it's the opposite. Uber is, as it were, getting paid the bid-ask spread. Uber isn't paying for liquidity on either side of the trade; it's being paid for liquidity. When Uber sells stock to new investors, it can get a premium, because the stock is sexy and scarce and not available on the secondary market. When Uber buys stock from its employees, it does it at a discount, because the employees are desperate for liquidity and can't sell their stock anywhere else. Uber can make a profit just on issuing and buying back its own stock. I kind of don't understand why it would even bother building self-driving cars; it's already built a perpetual motion machine.

Sexual harassment as securities law.

One thing that we talk about around here is that all law is securities law: If a public company does a bad thing, chances are it has also violated the securities laws by failing to disclose that bad thing, and so the Securities and Exchange Commission has a universal jurisdiction to investigate whatever badness it can find. So securities regulators are also antitrust regulators, environmental regulators, gun-control regulators, automobile regulators, conflict-minerals regulators and regulators of political speech. And so of course a bunch of people pointed me to this story yesterday:

Federal prosecutors are investigating whether 21st Century Fox Inc. should have disclosed to investors that it made secret settlement payments to female on-air hosts who alleged sexual harassment. The investigation came to light in New York state court on Wednesday when a lawyer, Judd Burstein, said a client he didn t identify had received a grand-jury subpoena from federal prosecutors in New York. Burstein, who was in court on a case against Fox, said he was later told by prosecutors in Manhattan that the securities unit is investigating  sexual-harassment issues  at the company.

Sexual harassment is not generally a matter for federal securities prosecutors. But the concern here seems to be that Fox entered into secret settlements of sexual-harassment claims against Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly that might have been material to shareholders. That does sort of look like a securities issue. Like, there are contracts, and money, and the disclosure of where the money went might not have been as clear as some investors might like. How did Fox document these payments in its books and records, and in its audited financial statements? It's relatively easy to recast this not as a "sexual-harassment issue" but as an accounting one.

But: What if it wasn't? Imagine that a powerful executive at a public company sexually harassed many women over many years, but didn't reach settlements with them, and just intimidated them to keep quiet. Then one day they all went public (and sued). Is that a securities law issue? I think it might be. The executive's actions -- which exposed the company to the risk of expensive lawsuits and reputational damage -- are material to shareholders, just as material as any settlements would be. If the company didn't disclose those actions -- and it is in my experience rare for public companies to disclose a risk factor like "our CEO is a lech" -- then why wouldn't that be a securities-law violation? The SEC doesn't seem interested in acting as a universal sexual-harassment regulator for public companies, but if it wanted to it probably could.

Elsewhere in SEC jurisdiction: "The new Republican leader of the Securities and Exchange Commission has imposed fresh curbs on the agency s enforcement staff, scaling back their powers to initiate investigations of alleged financial misdeeds."

Congrats Yahoo.

In the back of your mind, didn't you kind of think that the revelations of hacking at Yahoo would lead to a breakup of its deal to sell its core business to Verizon and leave it back at square one? I just felt like in 2022 I'd be reading and writing about how Yahoo needs to either find a strategy for its core business, or find a way to get Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. to buy it, or otherwise figure out a way to escape the labyrinth in which it has found itself. But no it's fine, "Verizon Communications Inc. is close to a renegotiated deal for Yahoo! Inc. s internet properties that would reduce the price of the $4.8 billion agreement by about $250 million after the revelation of security breaches at the web company." Yahoo will finally be able to get rid of itself and concentrate on what's left: its massive Alibaba stake, free of the distractions of the internet business. Although wait:

In addition to the discount, Verizon and the entity that remains of Yahoo after the deal, to be renamed Altaba Inc., are expected to share any ongoing legal responsibilities related to the breaches.

Ugh, guys. We've been talking about this forever. What you need is a clean shiny box (Altaba) to hold your Alibaba shares, so they can trade like a proxy on Alibaba, and so Alibaba can eventually buy the box. That was the whole point of selling the core business: to put the Alibaba shares (and, yes, fine, some Yahoo Japan Corp. shares, and some patents) into a clean box, separated from a core internet business that, by some accounts, might be worth less than zero. Now Yahoo is smudging the box. Altaba will get rid of the actual money-making parts of the core business, but will keep the uncertain contingent liabilities. (Though not all of them: "Verizon would give up its right to sue over the idea that Yahoo had covered up the hacks.") "Core Altaba" -- the Altaba remnants of core Yahoo -- will definitely be worth less than nothing. Good job everyone.

Elsewhere in M&A second thoughts: "Anthem Wins Bid to Block Cigna From Dumping $48 Billion Deal."

Chicken Libor!

Here's a Bloomberg Businessweek feature on my favorite recent financial scandal, Chicken Libor. Well, not really. When I talk about Chicken Libor, I mostly mean allegations that poultry producers misrepresented chicken prices when they were surveyed for a widely-used index, thus pushing up the index price. (Like Libor.) But this story is more about broader antitrust concerns in the chicken industry, and focuses on a different survey: "Agri Stats, a private service that gathers data from poultry processors, produces confidential weekly reports, and disseminates them back to companies that pay for subscriptions." As one law professor explains,

information-sharing services in other industries tend to deal in averaged-out aggregated data for example, insurance rates in a given state. Such services run afoul of antitrust law, he says, when they offer projections or provide data so detailed that no competitor would reasonably share it with another. Getting detailed information is a particularly useful form of collusion, Carstensen says, because it allows co-conspirators to make sure they re all following through on the agreement.  This is one of the ways you do it. You make sure that your co-conspirators have the kind of information that gives them confidence so they can trust you, that you re not cheating on them,  he says.  That is what creates stability for a cartel. 

Man, antitrust law is hard. Transparency itself can create antitrust problems; telling your competitors how much you sell and how much you charge, with enough detail and frequency, can allow them to coordinate a cartel. I wonder if there are any lessons for the financial industry, as it moves toward a future of greater transparency and more consolidation.

Correlation.

Here is an article about how "cross-asset correlation recently fell to its lowest level since 2006," even as more money continues to move from active to passive strategies. One obvious takeaway is that money always flows to the strategy that was just successful, not the one that will be soon. Passive investing dominated a world of stability, supportive monetary policy and high correlations; active investing is poised for a comeback "when asset prices can go down as well as up." So of course everyone is rushing into passive.

There are some nuances to that story, though. For one thing, cross-asset correlations don't necessarily tell us much about active versus passive management: Most passive funds, and even most active funds, focus on one asset class. "Passive investing" is, in practice, about actively choosing an asset class, and then trying to buy the whole market for that asset class. If stocks are going to go up while bonds are going to go down, you can make money by buying a stock index fund and selling a bond index fund. And if you instead decide to buy an active bond fund managed by a brilliant manager, it's still going to disappoint you if the whole bond market is heading down.

Also here's a great line:

 In theory, there is a better backdrop now, but obviously those fund managers would still need to pick the right things,  said Andrew Sheets, chief cross-asset strategist at Morgan Stanley.

That is usually the big problem in investing. If all the things are the right things, then it's hard to distinguish yourself. If many of the things are the wrong things, though, it's hard to pick the right ones.

Elsewhere: "Record $13 Billion Pulled From Biggest Public U.S. Hedge Fund Och-Ziff."

Quants.

"Why are so many machine-learning experts writing high-frequency-trading code instead of curing cancer," people ask. Well:

Attention Wall Street: Instagram is looking to hire. Facebook Inc. s photo-sharing app plans to double its engineering staff in New York this year to 150 people. In particular, it is looking for machine-learning experts, many of whom work for hedge funds or investment banks. These  recovering quants  as Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger calls them will allow Instagram to more personally tailor its feed and other features to its 600 million users.

In general, the realistic alternative use for all of Wall Street's wasted talent is not curing cancer; it's optimizing the delivery of advertisements in Silicon Valley.

An arbitrage.

Aaron Brown wrote about "an underappreciated magic to allowing diversity of numeraire" (back when the dollar/euro forward was about $1.40):

Suppose Anne from the United States makes a bet with her Catalan friend Ana s. If in one year it costs more than $1.40 to buy  1.00, Ana s will pay Anne  1.00. Otherwise Anne will pay Ana s $1.40. From Anne's point of view, if she wins, she wins  1.00, which she can sell for more than $1.40. If she loses, she loses $1.40. Ana s uses parallel reasoning. If she wins, she wins $1.40, which she can sell for more than  1.00. If she loses, she pays  1.00. Both women have positive expected values from this bet.

Here is ... maybe the opposite trade?

Gambling site BetMoose allows anonymous players to make wagers on all manner of events from the Oscars to the French presidential election. But one bet in particular has an odd payoff structure: Will Trump ban Bitcoin? An anonymous player,  Protus,  has a wager for both  yes  and  no,  which might normally be a sort of arbitrage.

Except:

He or she is American and the bet is payable in Bitcoin. A  yes  outcome would make it impossible to make good or to get paid. A  no  bet, on the other hand, is all reward with zero risk.

Ah yes, but who is going to take that "no" bet against you, except you? Elsewhere, Kyrgyzstan's central bank wants all of its citizens to own at least 100 grams of gold.

People are worried about unicorns.

Snap seems unworried:

Snap Inc. set the valuation on its initial public offering at between $19.5 billion and $22.2 billion in what could be the third-biggest technology offering of the past decade, people familiar with the matter said. The maker of disappearing-photo application Snapchat is valuing its shares at $14 to $16 on a diluted basis, the people said, asking not to be identified as the details are private. It could be the biggest technology IPO since Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. raised a record $25 billion in 2014.

I suppose that betrays a little worry -- previous guesses had gone as high as $25 billion -- but that's still a big IPO. Elsewhere in unicorns, or geese, or goosicorns, Canada Goose Holdings Inc. filed the papers for its IPO.

People are worried about bond market liquidity.

People are worried that it's hard to buy credit-default swaps on weird hybrid European bank debt:

 The credit-default swap market hasn t kept up with the fast-moving changes in bank bonds,  said Louis Gargour, chief investment officer of London-based LNG Capital, an alternative investment-management firm.  That s a problem when you want to hedge a specific part of the capital structure. 

I never quite understand these complaints. Like, if you are buying weird hybrid European bank debt, isn't that sort of necessarily a bet on the credit quality of that particular bank and security? I can see why it would be attractive to have basis arbitraging instruments available, sure, and CDS is helpful for dealing desks, but I don't get why investors would need CDS. If you are worried about the credit, just don't buy the bonds!

Things happen.

Key Republican Casts Doubt on Quick Action to Dismantle Dodd-Frank. Janet Yellen and House Republicans Clash Over Fed s Performance. Trump Takes on Tech Industry in Early Policy Moves. Asian Conglomerates, Flush With Cash, Scour for U.S. Fund Deals. Behind the Fortress Deal: A Japanese Billionaire s Huge Ambitions. Fortress Stock Volume Surged With Options on Day Before Buyout. What Happens When Two Bankers and an Engineer Get a Billion Dollars? Stephen A. Feinberg of Cerberus Capital Management may "lead a broad review of American intelligence agencies" for the White House. Arconic Sells Most of Its Alcoa Stake Amid Battle With Elliott. Meet the Retirement Savers Who Oppose the Fiduciary Rule. Bank of America's decade-old options expired worthless. Building a Cashless Economy While Even Officials Shun Banks. Will Trump Rescue the Oligarch in the Gilded Cage? Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening. Ticketing Startup Alleges Ticketmaster Used Hacking to Steal Trade Secrets. Mary Jo White to Rejoin Debevoise & Plimpton. Elon Musk Is Really Boring. Carl Icahn vs. Dealbreaker. Lovestruck Britons are losing $50m a year to dating-site con artists. WhaleSynth. Model weed dealers. Local Council Is 'Sorry' After Planting a Bunch of Trees on a Soccer Field. Congrats Rumor!

If you'd like to get Money Stuff in handy e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe at this link. Thanks!

This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.

To contact the author of this story:

Matt Levine at mlevine51@bloomberg.net

To contact the editor responsible for this story:

James Greiff at jgreiff@bloomberg.net 
2017-01-25
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Announces the Filing of a Class Action ...  Down. Set. HUT! Yahoo Teams Up With Pizza Hut to Launch Squares Pick'em for ... SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), in partnership with Pizza Hut, LLC, today launched Squares Pick em, the first digital game of its kind on Yahoo Sports that lets football fans play along with the Big Game.

"We want to create the best fantasy sports experiences for our users and, working with Pizza Hut, we re making one of the biggest traditions for football fans across the country digital with the new Squares Pick em game," said Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Revenue Officer at Yahoo. "For Pizza Hut, the big win is finding that authentic connection between its brand and deeply engaged consumers in this fun gaming experience."

Squares Pick em is a new take on a popular game-day tradition. Starting today, sports fans can sign up for the new Squares Pick em game and easily fill out their grids through the Yahoo Fantasy app and desktop experience. After signing up, users can invite friends to pick Pizza Hut-themed boxes on a 10x10 grid. Each square equals a possible score at the end of every quarter of the football game. If the square you pick matches the score at the end of the quarter, you win ultimate bragging rights.

Yahoo is offering this new game during the most watched sporting event of the year, and the busiest day of the year for Pizza Hut. From office groups to viewing parties, Yahoo s Squares Pick em game is a fun way to enhance the game watching experience and challenge family, friends and colleagues. Similar to Yahoo Fantasy Football, commissioners in Squares Pick em can set up private leagues and establish settings for their specific league before inviting friends to join.

"The entire sports viewing occasion has changed, with digital engagement being as much a part of it as the game itself, which is why we re excited to be part of the launch for this new digital game from Yahoo Sports," said David Daniels, Vice President of Advertising & Media at Pizza Hut. "Squares Pick'em on Yahoo takes a classic game and makes it even better. Friends and family can now eat Pizza Hut pizza and play Squares Pick em wherever they re watching the game."

In 2016, the Super Bowl was one of the most visited days of the year on Yahoo Sports and fans spend nearly 30 billion minutes a year playing fantasy sports on Yahoo. Pizza Hut set a digital sales record during last year s big game, as fans flocked to the brand s variety of digital ordering options. This year, Pizza Hut will be featured in display, search and email advertising to drive sign ups for the Squares Pick em game on Yahoo Sports. Yahoo will also promote the new game through the blogs Shutdown Corner, RotoArcade and additional NFL editorial.

About Yahoo

Yahoo is a guide to digital information discovery, focused on informing, connecting, and entertaining users through its search, communications, and digital content products. By creating highly personalized experiences, Yahoo helps users discover the information that matters most to them around the world -- on mobile or desktop. Yahoo connects advertisers with target audiences through a streamlined advertising technology stack that combines the power of Yahoo's data, content, and technology. Yahoo is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and has offices located throughout the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions. For more information, visit the pressroom (pressroom.yahoo.net) or the Company's blog (yahoo.tumblr.com).

Yahoo and Yahoo Finance are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Yahoo! Inc.

All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners.

About Pizza Hut

Pizza Hut, a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE: YUM), is the No. 1 pizza restaurant company in the world with more than 16,000 restaurants in 100+ countries. The company began 59 years ago in Wichita, Kansas, when two brothers borrowed $600 from their mom to start a  pizzeria. 

Pizza Hut is recognized as a food and service innovator, notably through its development of the Original Pan and Stuffed Crust pizzas, as well as being credited with the distinction of the first physical good ever purchased via the internet (large pepperoni, mushroom and extra cheese pizza in 1994). Pizza Hut also is the proprietor of the BOOK IT!  Program, which is a long-standing children s literacy program used in more than 620,000 classrooms nationwide. For more information about Pizza Hut, visit blog.pizzahut.com or follow Pizza Hut on Facebook (www.facebook.com/PizzaHut), Twitter (www.twitter.com/pizzahut) and Instagram (www.instagram.com/pizzahut). SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Goldberg Law PC, a national shareholder rights litigation firm, announces the filing of a class action lawsuit against Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo!  or the  Company ) (Nasdaq: YHOO). Investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Yahoo! shares between November 12, 2013 through December 14, 2016 inclusive (the  Class Period ), are encouraged to contact the firm in advance of the March 27, 2017 lead plaintiff deadline.

If you are a shareholder who suffered a loss during the class period, we advise you to click here, or contact Michael Goldberg or Brian Schall, of Goldberg Law PC, 1999 Avenue of the Stars Suite 1100, Los Angeles, CA 90067, at 800-977-7401, to discuss your rights without cost to you. You can also reach us through the firm s website at http://www.Goldberglawpc.com, or by email at info@goldberglawpc.com.

Yahoo announced on December 14, 2016 that it had found a data breach, with data from more than 1 billion user accounts compromised during August 2013. When this news was released, Yahoo's share price dropped as much 6.5% on December 15, 2016. Furthermore, it is speculated that the data breach jeopardizes Verizon s purchase of Yahoo.

If you have any questions concerning your legal rights, please immediately contact Goldberg Law PC at 800-977-7401, or visit our website at http://www.Goldberglawpc.com, or email us at info@goldberglawpc.com.

Goldberg Law PC represents shareholders around the world and specializes in securities class actions and shareholder rights litigation.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered ... NEW YORK, Jan. 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo!  or the  Company ) (NASDAQ:YHOO) of the March 27, 2017 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action lawsuit filed against the Company and certain officers.

The lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of all those who purchased Yahoo common shares between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016 (the  Class Period ). The case, Madrack v. Yahoo! Inc. et al., No. 17-cv-00373 was filed on January 24, 2017.

The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws by failing to store users  personal information with an up-to date and secure encryption scheme.

Initially, on September 22, 2016, Yahoo announced that unidentified hackers had obtained information in late 2014 on more than 500 million Yahoo accounts. Then, on December 14, 2016, during post-market hours, Yahoo announced that more than 1 billion user accounts were compromised though a data breach in August 2013. Following the announcement, Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it would consider an amendment to the terms of its deal with Yahoo to reflect the impact of the data breach.

On this news, Yahoo s share price fell from $40.91 per share on December 14, 2016 to a closing price of $38.41 on December 15, 2016 a $2.50 or a 6.11% drop.

Request more information now by clicking here: www.faruqilaw.com/YHOO. There is no cost or obligation to you.

Take Action

If you invested in Yahoo stock or options between November 12, 2013 and December 14, 2016 and would like to discuss your legal rights, visit www.faruqilaw.com/YHOO. You can also contact us by calling Richard Gonnello toll free at 877-247-4292 or at 212-983-9330 or by sending an e-mail to rgonnello@faruqilaw.com. Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Yahoo s conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.

The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class that is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision of whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff.



Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP (www.faruqilaw.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner.



FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP 685 Third Avenue, 26th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Richard Gonnello, Esq. rgonnello@faruqilaw.com Telephone: (877) 247-4292 or (212) 983-9330 Bagger Dave's Burger Tavern, Inc. Provides Update on Share Distribution TRAVERSE CITY, Mich., Jan. 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bagger Dave's Burger Tavern, Inc. (expected to be OTCQX: BAGR) ("BAGR" or the "Company"), owner and operator of 18 Bagger Dave's restaurants in Indiana, Michigan and Ohio, today announced an update on the recent spinoff from Diversified Restaurant Holdings, Inc. (SAUC) ( DRH ).



The 1-for-1 distribution of BAGR shares occurred on December 25, 2016 for DRH shareholders of record on December 19, 2016. The request for the stock symbol  BAGR  has been made with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) and the application to trade on the Over-the-Counter market ( OTCQX ) was also submitted.

Michael Ansley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BAGR, commented  The spinoff and the distribution of the shares has been successfully completed. As an independent business, we can focus exclusively on the Bagger Dave s concept and drive customer awareness and satisfaction. We are excited to be in the home stretch to have BAGR shares traded on the OTCQX. I would like to thank our employees and shareholders for their patience through the process. 

The shares of BAGR will begin to trade on the OTCQX market place once clearance is received from FINRA for Spartan Securities to make a market for BAGR stock. This process is expected to be completed within the next few weeks.

For further tax information for the BAGR stock distribution, please refer to the Investors section of the website at http://www.diversifiedrestaurantholdings.com/investors/sec-filings/default.aspx.

About Bagger Dave s Burger Tavern, Inc.

Bagger Dave s is a unique, full service, ultra-casual restaurant and bar concept that began business in January 2008. We currently operate 18 Bagger Dave s restaurants, with 15 located in Michigan, one in Indiana and two in Ohio. In addition, we have the right to franchise the concept in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio and Wisconsin. The Company routinely posts news and other important information on its website at www.baggerdaves.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

The information made available in this news release contain forward-looking statements which reflect BAGR's current view of future events, results of operations, cash flows, performance, business prospects and opportunities. Wherever used, the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "will continue," "will likely result," "may," and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and the Company's spinoff, actual growth, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, performance, business prospects and opportunities could differ materially from historical results or current expectations. Some of these risks include, without limitation, the impact of economic and industry conditions, competition, food and drug safety issues, store expansion and remodeling, labor relations issues, costs of providing employee benefits, regulatory matters, legal and administrative proceedings, information technology, security, severe weather, natural disasters, accounting matters, other risk factors relating to business or industry and other risks detailed from time to time in the Securities and Exchange Commission filings of BAGR. Forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date made and, thus, BAGR undertakes no obligation to update or publicly announce the revision of any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect new information, future events, developments or changed circumstances or for any other reason. 
2017-02-21
Verizon shaves $350 million from Yahoo price Yahoo Inc. CEO Marissa Mayer, already under fire on Wall Street for her inability to turn around the company and for the humiliating security lapses that came on her watch, hailed a new sale agreement with Verizon. (Photo: Associated Press)

Verizon Communications Inc. and Yahoo Inc. have agreed to reduce the price the telecommunications giant will pay to acquire the online media company by $350 million.

In July 2016, Verizon agreed to pay $4.8 billion for Yahoo's internet business, which includes Yahoo Mail, Flickr, Tumblr and web properties such as Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Sports.

Then, in the wake of the deal's announcement, Yahoo disclosed that it had suffered two massive data breaches, one in 2013 and another in 2014, the first one believed to be the largest reported data breach ever, involving the theft of data associated with more than 1 billion user accounts in August 2013.

RELATED:Verizon joins unlimited party with $80 data plan

Verizon Communications Inc. and Yahoo Inc. have amended the terms of a deal in which Verizon will acquire Yahoo. (Photo: Getty Images)

Under the deal's amended terms, Verizon will pay $4.48 billion and the two companies will share some legal and regulatory liabilities arising from the breaches.

After the breaches, Wall Street had some concern over the ultimate consummation of the deal. Last week, Yahoo shares rose 2% on a report that the two companies had renegotiated a new price that was $250 million below the original offer.

Verizon aims to expand and improve its own mobile and online video efforts with Yahoo's advertising platforms and grow its audiences through Yahoo's 1 billion monthly users.

"We have always believed this acquisition makes strategic sense," said Marni Walden, Verizon's executive vice president and president of product innovation and new businesses. "We look forward to moving ahead expeditiously so that we can quickly welcome Yahoo's tremendous talent and assets into our expanding portfolio in the digital advertising space."

The amended agreement, she said, "delivers a clear path to close the transaction in the second quarter."

Under the new terms, Yahoo will be fully responsible for any cash liabilities incurred following the deal's closing arising from shareholder lawsuits and Securities and Exchange Commission investigations related to the breaches. Yahoo will be responsible for 50% of any liabilities related to any third-party litigation and non-SEC government investigations related to the breaches.

The SEC has opened an investigation into whether Yahoo should have informed investors about the breaches sooner, according to a January report in The Wall Street Journal.

This amended deal appears to be a win for Yahoo, which has struggled over the last decade as Facebook and Google achieved dominance in the digital advertising space.

"We continue to be very excited to join forces with Verizon and AOL," said Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer in a statement. Mayer, brought in to run Yahoo in 2012, who pushed the company to emphasize mobile, video and social projects, has been unable to turnaround the company's fortunes. Mayer is a native of Wausau.

Upon selling the company's internet business, Yahoo will place its ownership stakes in Chinese internet giant Alibaba in a company called Altaba. That 15% stake in Alibaba is worth about $35 billion. Also part of Altaba will be Yahoo's more than one-third (35.5%) stake in Yahoo Japan.

"This transaction will accelerate Yahoo's operating business especially on mobile, while effectively separating our Asian asset equity stakes," Mayer said. "It is an important step to unlock shareholder value for Yahoo, and we can now move forward with confidence and certainty."

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey analyst Kunal Madhukar called the price adjustment "modest in our view, amounting to only about $0.35 per share before tax," he said in a note to investors Tuesday. "The next step could be Yahoo filing a revised proxy statement that includes the amended purchase terms and potentially, a date for the shareholder vote."

Read or Share this story: http://www.jsonline.com/story/money/business/2017/02/21/verizon-shaves-350-million-yahoo-price/98206376/ Lookout for Price Target? Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) plunged -0.13% with the closing price of $45.10. The overall volume in the last trading session was 9.42 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.26 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.56 and sector s optimum level is 9.43.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have shown a high EPS growth of -17.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.50 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $46.72 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.16% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $45.10 a share and the price is up more than 16.63% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.38 vs. an industry average at 5.54. Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) ended its day at $54.59 with the rising stream of 0.57% and its total traded volume was 9.34 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)

Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 13.57 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 13.06. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY), at its latest closing price of $54.59, it has a price-to-book ratio of -, compared to an industry average at 4.03. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY), stock is trading $76.09 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 4.20% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 184.60% . Its share price has decline -2.22% in three months and is up 5.69% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. Yahoo Shareholders Sue Over Massive Data Breaches Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Why Tesla Inc (TSLA) Will Punch Through the Ceiling Again This week will mark the first time that Tesla Inc (ticker: TSLA) reports quarterly earnings under its spanking-new moniker. That might sound like just an interesting bit of trivia, but there's a bit more to it than that.

Elon Musk's Tesla Motors switched over to simply Tesla at the start of the month in large part to reflect the fact that the company folded in solar energy services company SolarCity Corp. last year. The problem? That's about the only effect on Tesla that anyone is really sure of.

That's just one of a few important storylines that could weigh on TSLA stock heading into (and following) Tesla's fourth-quarter earnings report on Wednesday.

The numbers. Expectations for double-digit growth out of Tesla still are par for the course. The Wall Street estimate for revenues sits at $2.19 billion, up 25.6 percent from the same quarter last year. Meanwhile, analysts believe TSLA will produce a 43-cent loss -- but that would be less than half the 87 cents in red ink that Tesla produced in its previous fourth quarter.

[See: 6 Things to Know About Mark Zuckerberg's Manifesto.]

Tesla surprised Wall Street by posting a 14-cent GAAP profit (71 cents non-GAAP) in the third quarter, but investors shouldn't expect a similar performance out of Tesla this quarter. For one, Elon Musk made no bones about actively pushing the pedal to the floor in search of a third-quarter profit, with Tesla's CEO saying in an email that "the third quarter will be our last chance to show investors that Tesla can be at least slightly positive cash flow and profitable before the Model 3 reaches full production." It doesn't appear a similar effort took place in the fourth quarter.

Also, Tesla already reported its deliveries for the fourth quarter, and that number (22,200) came in 2,800 units short. Granted, that was due to "last-minute delays in transport or because the customer was unable to physically take delivery," but that still makes TSLA less likely to produce a fourth-quarter profit.

What about SolarCity? The thing about analyst estimates for the quarter is, most of them are based on Tesla Motors figures -- because most analysts aren't quite sure how to factor in SolarCity and its massive losses.

So while the consensus estimate is for a 43-cent adjusted loss, Bloomberg points out that estimates range anywhere between a $2.13 loss and a 10-cent profit. In the same report, it quotes Consumer Edge Research's James Albertine, reflecting much of the analyst community:

"We do not know how Tesla plans to report SolarCity results in the future and it remains unclear to us how peers are incorporating (or not incorporating) SolarCity into current estimates," he says. "We will await further details from management before rolling the solar panel business into our model."

Those who do have SolarCity's "contributions" factor in present some unattractive forecasts. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s Ryan Brinkman recently maintained an "underweight" rating on TSLA stock, saying, "Our Tesla estimates appear materially changed, although this almost entirely stems from newly incorporating SolarCity's large non-GAAP losses." JPMorgan's 2017 profit estimate for Tesla is more than four times the consensus expectation for a $1.26 loss.

For the record, JPMorgan favors Ford Motor Co. ( F) and General Motors Co. ( GM) instead.

The Model 3. Analysts and investors alike will probably be much more interested in forecasts and forward-leaning comments from the company.

The biggest topic of interest should be the Model 3 -- Tesla's $35,000 electric vehicle that has driven excitement about the automaker's ability to compete in a mass-market fashion. And on that front, Musk has already stoked the fires by recently announcing that the company was going to retool its Freemont, California, factory for Model 3 production. This "will allow Tesla to begin Model 3 production later this year as planned and enable us to start the ramp towards 500,000 vehicles annually in 2018" -- a statement that encouraged TSLA stock investors who have become conditioned to expect delays and setbacks.

[See: 10 Ways to Buy Industrial Stocks.]

Perhaps just as importantly: "We do not anticipate this brief pause to have a material impact on our first-quarter production or delivery figures, as we have added production days to compensate." Between this, and the fact that a couple thousand expected fourth-quarter deliveries had to be pushed forward, Tesla also could be setting itself up for a boffo first-quarter outlook.

Read More DryShips Inc. Re-Enters the Tanker Market, Acquires Two Modern Tanker Vessels ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Feb 21, 2017) - DryShips Inc. ( NASDAQ : DRYS ) (the "Company" or "DryShips"), a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels, announced today that it has entered into agreements with unaffiliated third parties to acquire:

one 113,644 DWT Aframax tanker currently under construction in South Korea. The Company expects to take delivery of this vessel sometime in the second quarter of 2017. The vessel is expected to be employed in the spot market.





one 320,105 DWT Very Large Crude Carrier built in 2011. The Company expects to take delivery of this vessel sometime in the second quarter of 2017. The vessel is expected to be employed in the spot market.





The total gross price for the two vessels will be about $102.5 million.

George Economou, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented:

"We are very excited to have re-entered the tanker market by acquiring a modern Aframax tanker of eco-design and one Very Large Crude Carrier at historical low prices. We continue to look at opportunities to diversify and grow our fleet with high quality tonnage and significant operating leverage."

About DryShips

The Company is a diversified owner of ocean going cargo vessels that operate worldwide. The Company owns a fleet of 13 Panamax drybulk carriers with a combined deadweight tonnage of approximately 1.0 million tons, 1 Very Large Gas Carrier newbuilding, and 6 offshore supply vessels, comprising 2 platform supply and 4 oil spill recovery vessels.

DryShips' common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market where it trades under the symbol "DRYS."

Visit the Company's website at www.dryships.com. The information contained on the Company's website does not constitute a part of this press release.

Forward-Looking Statements

Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with such safe harbor legislation.

Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and may include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts.

The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, management's examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company's records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company's control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections.

Important factors that, in the Company's view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the factors related to the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including changes in charter rates and vessel values, failure of a seller or shipyard to deliver one or more vessels, failure of a buyer to accept delivery of a vessel, our inability to procure acquisition financing, default by one or more charterers of our ships, changes in demand for drybulk or LPG commodities, changes in demand that may affect attitudes of time charterers, scheduled and unscheduled drydocking, changes in our voyage and operating expenses, including bunker prices, dry-docking and insurance costs, changes in governmental rules and regulations, changes in our relationships with the lenders under our debt agreements, potential liability from pending or future litigation, domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents, international hostilities and political events or acts by terrorists.

Risks and uncertainties are further described in reports filed by DryShips Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 20-F. Verizon, Yahoo Agree to Cut Merger Price by $350M Melenchon Is Gaining Momentum in French Election Polls

58:47 - Rupert Harrison, portfolio manager at BlackRock, discusses the outlook for coming elections in France and what it means for businesses. He speaks with Francine Lacqua and David Gura on "Bloomberg Surveillance." (Corrects Melenchon's name in headline.) (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo under terms of SPA amendment, termination fee to be paid by Yahoo to Verizon in certain circumstances is reduced to $134.3 mln  Verizon says to cut price to acquire Yahoo's operating business by $350 mln  Verizon, Yahoo agree to cut merger price by as much as $350 mln - CNBC, citing DJ  
2017-02-28
Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Has Revealed It All In Its Chart The technicals for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.

No trading or investing strategy can count itself as sound without a hardcore adherence to the examination of technical charts and data. This has been the historical and current basis for some of the biggest trading success stories in the markets and will continue so for a long time into the future.

(YHOO) has shown a marked change in trend levels over the course of recent market activity. Based on recent activity surrounding both the 50 and 200 SMAs, there s been a marked trend created which can be described as bullish.

The composite picture painted by the trends built around both SMAs has also created a measured analysis of current investor sentiment as the stock navigates upside and downside risk. The established market sentiment toward the stock has created a trading environment which can suitably be described as positive.

There has also been a knock-on effect as it relates to trading volume now reflected in weak real-time sentiment on the buying and selling curve; this has created in turn, indifference toward the stock as measured across a broad statistical mix of the general trading community.

As a composite and comprehensive tableau, the stock s position in the minds of the trading market reflects a broad analysis of technicals and inherent trends which underpin overall market-trading viability.

Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures are two very important leading indicators that help traders gauge overall movement of a particular stock; they act as boosters to technical analysis. Together they show in a measured way, whether or not a stock currently overbought or oversold. This indicator is crucial in determining whether traders are tipped toward the side of buying more of the stock, or doing the opposite and selling more of the stock. This is very important directional information necessary for making trading decisions. (YHOO) s current measure for its 14-day RSI is 64.08%; this is suggestive that on balance of the indicator, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture presents a complimentary view of overall sentiment in the present state for (YHOO). Stochastic data gathered over the last 30 days has created a score of 63.19%. This indicates that the stock is neither overbought or oversold at current levels.

Often the indicators laid out above do not communicate fully all that a trader needs to know. In these instances, reliance can be placed upon chart indicators that provide a view of short-term movement and/or long term performance. The omens depict a telling picture in terms of the near-term trading setup for (YHOO); this makes things very interesting to the curious and interested eye. The +1.29 has created a positive in the trailing 30 days since initiating movement. Over the extended term, the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 26.05%. This consistent movement and its attendant overall performance have produced higher daily volatility when compared with other stocks ranking in the same peer group and on the same exchange. The picture looks the same when the stock is assessed against volatility levels measured historically. This historical volatility gives a current reading of 13.77%. These measures of historic volatility are very handy in judging the underlying price momentum and the rate of change in the price of (YHOO). Bound up this picture of volatility, is another measure that gives the underlying thesis for (YHOO). This can best be seen by analyzing the readings for the stock s average true range, currently 1.58. ATR is a fine augment to the other indicators outlined above and should be used in conjunction and not as a standalone. Trending Stocks: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO):

Last Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its previous trading session at $45.71 with the Gain of 0.35%. The company s market cap is $43.48 Billion, and the average volume is $8.94 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $46.72, while the 52-week low range is $32.04. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Feb 15, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 1, 2016. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 8.41, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 1.4. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 1.49% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.46%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 17 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $0.14 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $0.1, while the High earnings estimate is $0.18.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $0.11.

According to 11 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $1.24 Billion and the Low Revenue estimate is $1.07 Billion, while the High Revenue estimate is $1.31 Billion.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) currently has a High Price Target of $57. The Mean and Low price Targets are $47 and $39, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 21 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.25 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI):

Previous Trade:

Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI) shares Jumped 0.31% and ended the day at $45.69. Its 52-week high and low range is between $47.64 and $30.37. The stock has its 52-Week High on Feb 10, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Mar 9, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 735.55 Million. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 5.21 Million. The stock has a market cap of 33.61 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 35.72 and Forward P/E of 19.38.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at 6.9%, SMA50 is 14.98 percent, while SMA200 is 12.98%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 5.5 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are 8.4 percent and 11.1 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 1.01. The Weekly Volatility is 1.71 percent and the Monthly Volatility is 2.08 percent.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 1.83 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $57 according to consensus of 19 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $42 and the Mean Target of $50.63, according to the Brokers.

Activision Blizzard, Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.22, according to consensus of 18 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $0.19, while the high EPS estimate is $0.29.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $1.1 Billion, according to consensus of 17 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $1.2 Billion and the lower end is $1.05 Billion. 

2017-04-04
Yahoo! Inc. performed Poor with a change of -0.22% in the Last Trade Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) belongs to the Technology sector with an industry focus on Internet Information Providers, with Ms. Marissa A. Mayer as Chief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director.

The company has been one of the biggest innovators in Internet Information Providers employing approximately 8800 full time employees.

Key Statistics:

The stock subtracted in the prior trading session by -0.22%, closing at the stock price of $46.28.

Currently, the market capitalization of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 44.27 Billion.

YHOO has a 1-year high price of $47.19 and 1-year low price of $35.05.

The number of shares currently held by investors is 956.49 Million.

The number of shares traded in the last trading session was 4.11 Million.

Financials:

The company reported an impressive total revenue of 5.17 Billion in the last fiscal year.

If you look at the company s income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, YHOO earned gross profit of 3.32 Billion, in 2015 2.89 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) produced 2.45 Billion profit.

Currently the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a trading volume of 4.11 Million shares, with an average trading volume of 5.21 Million shares   with shares dropping to a 52 week low of $35.05 on Jun 27, 2016, and the company s shares hitting a 52 week high on Mar 21, 2017 of $47.19.

Looking at the current price of the stock and the 52 week high and low, it suggests that the stock is likely to go Down in the future.

Earnings per share (EPS) breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis, and for Yahoo! Inc. the EPS stands at 0.25 for the previous quarter, while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 0.21, suggesting the stock exceeded the analysts  expectations.

Another critical number in evaluating a stock is P/E or the price to earnings ratio.

The TTM operating margin is -12.5%. The return on invested capital at -1.6%, which is good, compared to its peers.

The Free Cash Flow or FCF margin is 44.08%, which means that the business has healthy reserve funds for contingencies that may arise.

Stock is currently moving with a positive distance from the 200 day simple moving average of approximately 10.08%, and has a solid year to date (YTD) performance of 19.68% which means the stock is constantly adding to its value from the previous fiscal year end price.

The stock diminished about -16.94% in the past 5 years, this negative value indicates that the stock constantly going down in previous years as well.

Future Expectations:

The target price for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is $48.11/share according to the consensus of analysts working on the stock, with an expected EPS of $0.14/share for the current quarter.

The company s expected revenue in the current quarter to be 1.24 Billion, seeing a projected current quarter growth of 75%, and per annum growth estimates over the next 5 year period of around 3.88%. Yahoo! Inc. Posted gains of 0.32% in the Last Trade Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) belongs to the Technology sector with an industry focus on Internet Information Providers, with Ms. Marissa A. Mayer as Chief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director.

The company has been one of the biggest innovators in Internet Information Providers employing approximately 8800 full time employees.

Key Statistics:

The stock added in the prior trading session by 0.32%, closing at the stock price of $46.38.

Currently, the market capitalization of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 44.36 Billion.

YHOO has a 1-year high price of $47.19 and 1-year low price of $35.05.

The number of shares currently held by investors is 956.49 Million.

The number of shares traded in the last trading session was 4.83 Million.

Financials:

The company reported an impressive total revenue of 5.17 Billion in the last fiscal year.

If you look at the company s income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, YHOO earned gross profit of 3.32 Billion, in 2015 2.89 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) produced 2.45 Billion profit.

Currently the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a trading volume of 4.83 Million shares, with an average trading volume of 5.45 Million shares   with shares dropping to a 52 week low of $35.05 on Jun 27, 2016, and the company s shares hitting a 52 week high on Mar 21, 2017 of $47.19.

Looking at the current price of the stock and the 52 week high and low, it suggests that the stock is likely to go Down in the future.

Earnings per share (EPS) breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis, and for Yahoo! Inc. the EPS stands at 0.25 for the previous quarter, while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 0.21, suggesting the stock exceeded the analysts  expectations.

Another critical number in evaluating a stock is P/E or the price to earnings ratio.

The TTM operating margin is -12.5%. The return on invested capital at -1.6%, which is good, compared to its peers.

The Free Cash Flow or FCF margin is 44.17%, which means that the business has healthy reserve funds for contingencies that may arise.

Stock is currently moving with a positive distance from the 200 day simple moving average of approximately 10.43%, and has a solid year to date (YTD) performance of 19.94% which means the stock is constantly adding to its value from the previous fiscal year end price.

The stock diminished about -16.94% in the past 5 years, this negative value indicates that the stock constantly going down in previous years as well.

Future Expectations:

The target price for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is $48.11/share according to the consensus of analysts working on the stock, with an expected EPS of $0.14/share for the current quarter.

The company s expected revenue in the current quarter to be 1.24 Billion, seeing a projected current quarter growth of 75%, and per annum growth estimates over the next 5 year period of around 3.88%. Yahoo! Inc Risk Points versus Technology 

Yahoo! Inc Risk Points versus Technology





Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Risk Points versus Technology (XLK)

2017-04-4





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) compared to its own past and the Technology ETF. In order to examine thelooking risk for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) the next 30-days, we must look to theNow, before we dive into the analysis on YHOO, we make one critical note since we're talking about options:In the "" sectionon Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) , we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actuallyin successful option trading than many people know.But that's at the end, now let's jump back into the risk point charting and number crunching for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) . We start by noting that YHOO is in thesector which means along with some other industries we also compare the company to the closest match we could find, which was the Technology ETF () as a proxy for Yahoo! Inc.We have highlighted the IV30  for XLK and for YHOO in the table below.

CONTEXT: THE INDICES S&P 500 (SPY) IV30 10.01% Nasdaq 100 (QQQ) IV30 11.12% Technology ETF ( XLK ) IV30 11.01% Biotech (IBB) IV30 18.74%

Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) YHOO 52 Week Low IV30 17.22% YHOO Current IV30 21.92% YHOO 52 Week High IV30 50.72% YHOO Current HV30 11.75%

Yahoo! Inc Implied Risk Scatter Plot ( a new risk chart, built for option traders )

blue

black

red

green

Thepoint is the current 30-day implied volatility for Yahoo! Inc.Thepoint is the current 30-day implied volatility for the Technology ETF (XLK).Thepoint is the 52 week low in IV30  for Yahoo! Inc.Thepoint is the 52 week high in IV30  for Yahoo! Inc.

The various other scatter plot points in the middle give us risk context outside of the information technology sector.The IV30  is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the* We can see that the risk as reflected by the option market for the next 30-days for Yahoo! Inc isall the indices we have charted including the Technology ETF (XLK).* We can further see that the current IV30 for Yahoo! Inc of 21.92% is closer to theof 17.22% than the annual high of 50.72%. Simply stated, this means that the option market is pricingrisk than the average over the past year.* For some context, we note that the annual range in IV30  for the Technology ETF is between [9.36%, 21.75%] while Yahoo! Inc has had a range of [17.22%, 50.72%].Get this same analysis on any ticker here:This is chart was developed for the trader. It allows us to easily see where the forward looking risk for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) lies relative to the last year, and the various major stock groupings and thesector without using time series data, which can confuse the information. Why Investors remained confident on Hess Corp. (HES), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)? Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) plunged -2.57% with the closing price of $46.97. The overall volume in the last trading session was 4.99 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -21.77 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 7.21 and sector s optimum level is 11.73.

Hess Corporation (HES) have shown a high EPS growth of -44.70% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -87.80% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.40 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $64.96 above its 52-week highs and is up 2.58% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $46.97 a share and the price is up more than -24.19% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.05 vs. an industry average at 2.33. Its sales stood at -25.80% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $46.43 with the rising stream of 0.04% and its total traded volume was 7.68 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 13.91 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.57. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $46.43, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.43, compared to an industry average at 4.99. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $47.19 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 20.07% in three months and is up 0.06% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Makes Compelling Case Using Its Technical Chart Data Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock. This is the breakdown as we see it. Many traders ask the question why technical charts should form the foundation of their trading strategy. For them, charts are too complicated, and quite often, unnecessary. But what could be worse than guessing? Technical charts take the guessing out of trading.

The 50 and 200 SMAs for YHOO have created a marked trend which is now helping traders to make solid decisions regarding the stock. It s a trend that is now unmistakable. Based on the trend levels presented by both indicators, the overall sentiment towards YHOO is best described as bullish. This trend has created a unified opinion across the trading floor and it is clear that the overall outlook for the stock is now established as positive. But it s not just the outlook that s being affected for the stock. Thanks to the consolidated opinion on YHOO, activity has also seen a pronounced trend. Under current sentiments the volume activity and subsequent trend has created a weak outlook from buyers and sellers. Sentiments have a tendency to either weaken or strengthen as other technical factors begin to influence overall outlook. It s interesting to see how things are playing out for YHOO. It is unsurprising in the case of YHOO, that the current trend has created some indifference among traders regarding the stock. In terms of consistency, it is clear that both the 50 and 200 SMAs have done their job in bring traders the overall trend-picture currently being seen for YHOO.

There is of course more to the tale than just what the SMAs have presented. For those added details, we can take a look at the Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures, both of which give deeper insights into the overall sentiment of buyers and sellers. SMAs will tell alert you to price direction, but when it comes to judging what buyers and sellers are doing, few indicators are better than RSI and the Stochastic. It as this level of technical data that a trader can determine whether a stock is currently overbought is oversold. The current picture for YHOO is of course very telling based on these two additional measures. Based on current readings, YHOO s 14-day RSI is 55.86%. Taken on the standard scale of measurement for RSI, this suggests that YHOO is neutral, suggesting that the stock is relatively stable in terms of price movement up or down. The stochastic reading offers another solid measure of whether the stock is either overbought, or oversold. In the case of YHOO, Stochastic readings gathered over the last 30 days have created a score of 60.10%. This suggests YHOO is neither overbought or oversold at prevailing levels.

The best strategy for using technical analysis is of course to layer on as many indicators as can fit within a singular structure   a point of view, if you like. The above indicators really start to shine when you boost them by adding other indicators into the mix. By this point in the analysis of YHOO, it is clear that other technical indicators are saying essentially the same things. Specifically the +0.79 has birthed a positive overall sentiment when measured over the previous 30 days or so of trading. Over the longer-term YHOO has outperform the S&P 500 by 9.89. This has, unsurprisingly, created higher volatility levels when compared with similar stocks of the same grade and class. Historical volatility is no less consistent. The historical volatility picture for YHOO is shown in the reading of 11.18%. YHOO has clearly shown its full hand by the overall input of these technical indicators. But there is one final measure that when added to the already rich mix, shows in full color what YHOO is doing. The indicator is the Average True Range, and based on the current 1.38 reading, YHOO is certainly worth paying attention to.

YHOO, like most stocks that presents the current technical picture, should be approached and traded accordingly. Why Investors remained confident on Hess Corporation (HES), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)? Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) plunged -2.57% with the closing price of $46.97. The overall volume in the last trading session was 4.99 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -21.77 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 7.21 and sector s optimum level is 11.73.

Hess Corporation (HES) have shown a high EPS growth of -44.70% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -87.80% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.40 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $64.96 above its 52-week highs and is up 2.58% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $46.97 a share and the price is up more than -24.19% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.05 vs. an industry average at 2.33. Its sales stood at -25.80% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) ended its day at $46.43 with the rising stream of 0.04% and its total traded volume was 7.68 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.26, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 13.91 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.57. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), at its latest closing price of $46.43, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.43, compared to an industry average at 4.99. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), stock is trading $47.19 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -17.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 95.10% . Its share price has risen 20.07% in three months and is up 0.06% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. Looking at the Tea Leaves for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) We have gathered the technical data on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. In the end, it s all about what a stock does that matters. In the case of this particular stock, the chart tells quite a story at present.

YHOO has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 55.86%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 60.10%. Based on a raw data interpretation, this perspective doesn t suggest either an overbought or oversold condition.

It should be noted that the overall volatility in the stock is worth gauging as well. In recent action, YHOO has made a move of +0.79 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is outperforming the S&P 500 by 11.75%, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 11.18%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.4%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $35.05 sits at $39.69. YHOO also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $41.95. What Do Analysts Suggest For Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) will report its next earnings on Apr 17   Apr 21 (Est.). The company reported the earnings of $0.25/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $0.21/share. The difference between the expected and actual EPS was $0.04/share, which represents an Earnings surprise of 19%.

Many analysts are providing their Estimated Earnings analysis for Yahoo! Inc. and for the current quarter 18 analysts have projected that the stock could give an Average Earnings estimate of $0.14/share. These analysts have also projected a Low Estimate of $0.1/share and a High Estimate of $0.18/share.

In case of Revenue Estimates, 11 analysts have provided their consensus Average Revenue Estimates for Yahoo! Inc. as 1.24 Billion. According to these analysts, the Low Revenue Estimate for Yahoo! Inc. is 1.07 Billion and the High Revenue Estimate is 1.31 Billion. The company had Year Ago Sales of 1.09 Billion.

These analysts also forecasted Growth Estimates for the Current Quarter for YHOO to be 75%. They are projecting Next Quarter growth of 55.6%. For the next 5 years, Yahoo! Inc. is expecting Growth of 3.88% per annum, whereas in the past 5 years the growth was -16.94% per annum.

Some buy side analysts are also providing their Analysis on Yahoo! Inc., where 4 analysts have rated the stock as Strong buy, 6 analysts have given a Buy signal, 15 said it s a HOLD, 0 reported it as Underperform and 0 analysts rated the stock as Sell. (These Recommendations are for the Current Month Only reported by Yahoo Finance.)

When it comes to the Analysis of a Stock, Price Target plays a vital role. 19 Analysts reported that the Price Target for Yahoo! Inc. might touch $57 high while the Average Price Target and Low price Target is $47.63 and $39 respectively.

To analyze a stock, one should look for Upgrades and Downgrades of a stock. Yahoo! Inc. got Downgrade on 21-Oct-16 where investment firm Jefferies Downgrade the stock from Buy to Hold.

Yahoo! Inc. closed its last trading session at $46.41 with the gain of 0.04%. The Market Capitalization of the company stands at 44.56 Billion. The Company has 52-week high of $47.19 and 52-week low of $35.05. The stock s current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) is 0.27% where SMA50 and SMA200 are 2.28% and 10.79% respectively. The Company Touched its 52-Week High on Mar 21, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016.

The Relative Volume of the company is 1.12 and Average Volume (3 months) is 6.87 million. Yahoo! Inc. P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 0 and Forward P/E ratio of 65.49.

The company shows its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -0.4%. The Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. While it s Return on Investment (ROI) value is -1.6%.

While looking at the Stock s Performance, Yahoo! Inc. currently shows a Weekly Performance of 0.06%, where Monthly Performance is 1.13%, Quarterly performance is 20.07%, 6 Months performance is 7.73% and yearly performance percentage is 25.42%. Year to Date performance value (YTD perf) value is 20.07%. The Stock currently has a Weekly Volatility of 1.14% and Monthly Volatility of 1.28%. Consensus Price Target Updates on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Pioneer Natural ... During the most recent trading session, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares traded +0.00%. Tracking the stock price in relation to moving averages may provide enhanced perspective on stock performance. After a recent look, the stock has been seen trading $0.41 off of the 50-day moving average of $46.02 and $3.56 separated from the 200-day moving average of $42.87. Taking a further look from a different perspective, the stock has been recently recorded -1.61% off of the 52-week high of 47.19 and +32.47% apart from the 52-week low of 35.05. Monitoring stock price activity relative to moving averages and the highs and lows for the past year might help with future stock price value assessment.

Price Target in Focus

While monitoring stock technicals is important, most investors are more concerned with where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have provided views on where they believe the stock will be trading in the future. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are projecting a consensus target price of $47.63 on company shares. This is a near-term estimate for the next 12-18 months.

Currently, Yahoo! Inc. has a price to earnings ratio of N/A. Analysts and investors may also opt to evaluate a company's PEG or price to earnings growth ratio. The stock currently has a PEG Ratio of 17.60.

For the current quarter, analysts are expecting Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD) to report EPS of $0.19. This consensus estimate is provided by Zacks Research. After the period that ended on 2016-12-31, Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD) reported an EPS actual of $0.49. The difference between the actual and estimate resulted in a surprise factor of 63.33%. The company is expected to release their next earnings report on or around 2017-05-03. Interested parties will be watching to see how company results compare to what the Street was projecting for the fiscal period.

Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD) have a current ABR or average broker rating of 1.17. This consensus recommendation is also provided by Zacks Research. The recommendation falls on a scale between 1 and 5. A broker rating of 1 would translate into a Strong Buy. A rating of 5 would indicate a Strong Sell recommendation. This consensus broker rating may help shed some light on how the sell-side is currently viewing company stock.

Covering analysts often provide target price projections for company shares. The current Zacks consensus target price on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD) is $223.375. The top analyst target is $280, and the lowest target is $189 on the stock. Because of the different techniques used to gauge a company target price, estimates may be quite different from one analyst to another. Watch These Stocks: AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV), Urban Outfitters, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Watch These Stocks: AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV), Urban Outfitters, Inc. (NASDAQ:URBN), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Caterpillar Inc (NYSE:CAT)

There are at least eight companies shares that are worth watching for intra-day activities. That included AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV), Urban Outfitters, Inc. (NASDAQ:URBN), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Caterpillar Inc (NYSE:CAT). Tech Stocks Directions: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Applied Materials, Inc ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares ended at $46.43 with 7.68 mln shares exchanging hands. That puts the market capitalization at $44.56 bln. It opened the session with a $46.5 price tag, later ranging from $46.16 to $46.85, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly -1.61% off versus the 52-week high and 32.47% away from the 52-week low. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 959.77 mln.

Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $47.95 on the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO). The consensus rating is 2.4, suggesting the market has given up on the stock. It has been assigned a low target price of $41 and a high target price of $57.

The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 10.79% away from its 200-day simple moving average, 2.28%, away from the 50-day average and also 0.27% away from 20-day average.

For this year, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is performing 20.07%. Over the past five trading sessions it is 0.06%; 1.13% for the month; 20.07% for the last quarter; 7.73% for the past six-months; and 25.42% for the last 12 months. The last close places the company s stock about $0.76 off its 52 week high of $47.19 and $11.38 above the 52 week low of $35.05.

Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) closed down -0.01 points or -0.03% at $38.89 with 7.17 mln shares exchanging hands. Current price level places the company s stock about -2.31% from the 52-week high and 102.63% away from the 52-week low. Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $40.82 on the company shares. The consensus rating is 1.9, indicating analysts in general look favorably on the company s future prospects. It has been assigned a low target price of $29 and a high target price of $45.

Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) opened the session with a $38.99 price tag, later ranging from $38.52 to $39.06, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly $0.82 off versus the 52-week high of $39.81 and $19.53 above the 52-week low of $19.46. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 1.08 bln. The current price change puts the market capitalization at $41.97 bln.

In an overview of the current analyst recommendations, Buy count is 19 and Overweight is 0 while the number of analysts recommending Sell and Underweight are 0 and 0, respectively. Also, the Hold rating count is 5 as of 04/03/17. The analyst recommendations from a month ago are 19 Buy, 0 Overweight, 0 Sell, 5 Hold and 0 Underweight. Investors might also notice that three month ago the Buy recommendations (19) outnumbered Sell recommendations (0). The count of Hold ratings in that period was 5.

Over the past five trading sessions shares of Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) are 0.08%; 5.48% for the month; 20.86% for the last quarter; 29.77% for the past six-months; and 86.27% for the last 12 months. The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 26.27% away from its 200-day simple moving average, 6.31%, away from the 50-day average and also 1.06% away from 20-day average. The stock is performing 20.86% year to date. Analysts' Recommendations Stocks to Watch: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) & Toronto ...  Global Internet Advertising Market- Yahoo! Inc, Microsoft, Alibaba, Tencent ... Pune, Mahrashtra   (SBWIRE)   04/03/2017   The motive of this strategic research report entitled  Global Internet Advertising Market 2017-2022  is to provide company officials, industry investors, and Internet Advertising industry members with consequential insights to enable them make reliable strategic decisions regarding the opportunities in the global Internet Advertising market.

2017-2022 Report Keynotes of the Internet Advertising Market:

The report covers projection as well as evaluation for the Internet Advertising market on a global as well as regional level. The study offers Internet Advertising historic information of 2016 in addition to a forecast from 2017 to 2022 based upon both quantity (Million Units) as well as revenue (USD Million). The research study includes chauffeurs and restraints for the Internet Advertising market along with the influence they carry the demand over the projection period. Additionally, the record includes the research of opportunities offered in the Internet Advertising market on a global level. This report basically covers Internet Advertising market in North America, Internet Advertising market in Europe, Internet Advertising market in Middle East and Africa, Internet Advertising Market in Latin America and Asia Pacific. This report segregates the Internet Advertising market based on Type, Competitive Players, Regions and Application.

In order to provide the individuals of this report a thorough view on the Internet Advertising market, we have consisted of a thoroughly affordable scenario and Internet Advertising type profile of key suppliers. To recognize the competitive landscape in the Internet Advertising industry, an evaluation of Porter s five forces version for the Internet Advertising market has actually also been included. The study inclusive a market attractiveness analysis, in which type segments are benchmarked based on their Internet Advertising market size, growth rate as well as the general attractiveness of Internet Advertising. Additionally, the study covers product portfolio of different companies along with patent analysis (2012-2017) bifurcated right into patent trend, patent share by firm and also patent evaluation according to region.

Do Inquiry Before Purchasing Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-internet-advertising-market-gir/28914/#inquiry

Dominant Internet Advertising Market players: Competitive Insights

Alphabet

Facebook

Baidu

Yahoo! Inc

Microsoft

Alibaba

Tencent

Twitter

Aol(Verizon Communications)

eBay

Linkedin

Amazon

IAC

Soho

Pandora

Global Internet Advertising Market: Application Outlook

Retail

Automotive

Entertainment

Financial Services

Telecom

Consumer Goods

Others

Global Internet Advertising Market: Type Outlook

Search Ads

Mobile Ads

Banner Ads

Classified Ads

Digital Video Ads

Others

Global Internet Advertising Market: Regional Outlook

1. Europe Internet Advertising Market(Germany, France, Italy, Russia and UK)

2. North America Internet Advertising Market (Canada, USA and Mexico)

3. Latin America Internet Advertising Market (Middle and Africa).

4. Internet Advertising Market in Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)

5. Asia-Pacific Internet Advertising Market (South-east Asia, China, India, Korea and Japan).

Global Internet Advertising market report also includes Internet Advertising Market Business Overview. It also includes Internet Advertising Market by Applications and Type, Internet Advertising Revenue, Sales and Price and Internet Advertising Business Share. This report of Internet Advertising Market research also consists Global Internet Advertising Market Competition, by Internet Advertising market revenue of regions, sales and by Internet Advertising industry Competitive Players like.(2012-2017)

Buy Entire Internet Advertising Report Here (To Get Instant Access): https://market.biz/report/global-internet-advertising-market-gir/28914/

Report on (2017-2022 Internet Advertising Market Report) mainly covers 13 sections acutely display the global Internet Advertising market:

Section 1 to describe Internet Advertising Introduction, product scope, Internet Advertising market overview, market opportunities, market driving force, market risk;

Section 2 includes global Internet Advertising market forecast, by regions, type and application, Internet Advertising with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022;

Section 3 to show the global Internet Advertising market by regions, with sales, market revenue and share of Internet Advertising, for each region, from 2011 to 2016;

Section 4 displays the competitive situation of Internet Advertising among the top competitive players, with sales, revenue, and market share in Internet Advertising Market in 2015 and 2016;

Section 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 analyzes the key regions, with revenue, sales, and market share of Internet Advertising market by key countries in these regions;

Section 10 and 11 shows the worldwide Internet Advertising market by type and application, with sales channel, Internet Advertising market share and growth rate by type, Internet Advertising industry application, from 2011 to 2016;

Section 12 to analyze the top competitive players of global Internet Advertising, with revenue, Internet Advertising industry sales, and price of Internet Advertising, in 2015 and 2016;

Section 13, 14 and 15 describes Internet Advertising distributors, dealers, Internet Advertising traders, sales channel, research findings and conclusion, appendix and data source.

About Market.Biz

Market.Biz is designed to provide the best and most penetrating research required to all commercial, industrial and profit-making ventures in any sector of online business. We take pride in our ability to satisfy the market research needs of both domestic and international businesses.

Market.Biz has access to the world s most comprehensive and up-to-date databases in your business sector, including countless market reports that can provide you with valuable data relating to your business. We understand the needs of our clients, and keep our reports updated as market requirement changes.

Contact Us:

James Johnson

B15 Kudale Patil Garden Ekta Nagari,

Survey Number 13/4/5.

Sinhagad Road, Anandnagar, Pune.

Tel: +1(857)2390696

Email: inquiry@market.biz

Website: https://market.biz/

Blog: eMarketResearch.us 
2017-04-07
Stock Alert: Yahoo! Inc Price Volatility Hits A Plunging Low Yahoo! Inc, YHOO, Price. volatility, alert



Stock Alert: Yahoo! Inc Price Volatility Hits A Plunging Low





Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Price Volatility Hits A Plunging Low

2017-04-7

Stock Alert - But Not What You Might Think





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

YHOO Recent Price Volatility



Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) has seen its stock price move at a tumbling low level. We'll go through the details below -- but that's the lede -- the stock has been unusally quiet. If there was a post it note to summarize the stock movement in the last 30-days it would likely read "quiet time... too quiet?" The HV20 isverus the HV20 of the S&P 500 atAnother bit to this alert of, which we cover in the article, is that while the historical volatility may be a tumbling low level, the real question that needs to be answered for option traders is, but ratheraccuratley reflects what we're about to see in the stock for the next month.To jump forward and examine if owning or shorting options has been a positive trade in Yahoo! Inc, you can go here: Getting serious about option trading This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories (CMLviz) based on a large number of data interactions for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day and 30-day trading period, as well as comparisons to the last year and the actual stock returns over the last three- and six-months and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 indices.As a heads up, in the "" sectionon Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) , we're going to take a step back and show really clearly that there is actuallyin successful option trading than most people are aware of. This idea of an "option trading expert" is vastly over complicated so those with the information advantage can continue to profit at the expense of the rest.But before that, let's turn back to YHOO. Here are the exact steps that led us to this rating, and whether it's a risk alert or a holding pattern.Price volatility using proprietary measures has hit a tumbling low level.Even though Yahoo! Inc is a legitimate large cap, just the fact that it is a technology company makes YHOO susceptible to elevated risk due to issues surrounding unrest in the European Union and patent fights as well as an unending need to drive innovation forward through proper research and development.We also note that YHOO has negative GAAP earnings in the last year which makes it ever more susceptible to stock volatility. Here is a rolling annual volatility chart of the biotech index (IBB) versus the Nasdaq 100 and the S&P 500. Note how elevated the technology sector volatility is (the yellow curve) relative to the S&P 500.While stocks with YHOO's profile see a short-term quiet period, this is also one of those times when a shake out volatility move could be on the horizon. To that point, we do note that YHOO is showing unusally low volatility in the last month relative to its past. Let's take a deep dive into some institutional level volatility measures for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) .

+12.2%

+6.0%

+26.2%



YHOO Step 1: Stock Returns

 

+12.2%

 

YHOO is upover the last three months and upover the last six months. The stock price is upover the last year. The current stock price is $46.28.between the 3-month and 6-month returns.The 3-month stock return ofhas a small impact on the price volatility rating for YHOO.The small difference between the 3-month and 6-month stock returns does not impact the price volatility rating for YHOO.

 

YHOO

HV20 S&P 500

HV20

NASDAQ 100

HV20 XLK

HV20 11.6% 7.04% 7.58% 7.41%

YHOO

HV20 YHOO

HV30

YHOO

HV30 High 11.6% 10.6% 33.4%

 



Yahoo! Inc Realized Volatility Percentiles

The HV30  takes the stock's day to day historical volatility over the last 30-days and then annualizes it. The HV20 looks back over just 20-days -- a shorter time period. Here is the breakdown for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) and how the day-by-day price historical volatilities have impacted the rating:The HV20 of 11.6% is quite low and has a substantial downward impact on YHOO's volatility rating.* The HV20 for YHOO isthan that for both the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ 100 which raises the volatility rating.* The HV20 for YHOO isthan that for the Technology ETF (XLK) which raises the volatility rating.Here is summary data in tabular and chart format.We also examine the annual high of the HV30 in our rating but in this case the 52 week high in HV30 for YHOO is 33.4%, which is not enough to impact the price volatility rating.Here is summary data in tabular and chart format.The final evolution of the volatility rating for Yahoo! Inc is a comparison of the HV30 value relative to its past, which is neatly summarized in the percentile -- a scoring mechanism that goes from a low of 1 to a high of 100.The HV30 percentile for Yahoo! Inc is 0%, which means the stock has seen very low volatility in its price movement relative to its own past and that has a dampening impact on the price volatility rating. If You Lack Direction On Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), You Need to Read This With all other things going on, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been on a run   rising 11.95 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Yahoo! Inc. a neutral, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Yahoo! Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $2.22 below YHOO s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 27.95% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -1.97% from previous highs of around $47.19 per share on March 21, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 38.37% since hitting lows of $35.05 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $45.86 and $46.07. In terms of pullbacks, $46.46 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Yahoo! Inc. RSI was seen at 53.08. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has been put into a neutral territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for YHOO is 43.82. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) moved to around 57.23. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Yahoo, EBay, Others Sued For Infringing E-Commerce Patent PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) Summit Materials (SUM) Reaches $25.19 After 3.00% Up Move, 16 Analysts Are ... Summit Materials (SUM) Reaches $25.19 After 3.00% Up Move, 16 Analysts Are Bullish Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Last Week

April 7, 2017 - By Michael Collier

Among 33 analysts covering Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), 16 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 16 Hold. Therefore 48% are positive. Yahoo! Inc. had 105 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has  Equal-Weight  rating given on Wednesday, September 9 by Barclays Capital. Credit Suisse maintained it with  Neutral  rating and $47 target in Tuesday, July 19 report. Credit Suisse maintained Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) on Wednesday, April 20 with  Neutral  rating. As per Wednesday, October 21, the company rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets. As per Wednesday, October 21, the company rating was downgraded by B. Riley & Co. Citigroup maintained the shares of YHOO in report on Tuesday, July 19 with  Buy  rating. Mizuho downgraded the stock to  Neutral  rating in Wednesday, October 21 report. The firm has  Outperform  rating given on Wednesday, February 3 by FBR Capital. The firm has  Outperform  rating given on Wednesday, December 9 by FBR Capital. The company was maintained on Tuesday, July 19 by Pacific Crest. See Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) latest ratings:

21/10/2016 Broker: Jefferies Old Rating: Buy New Rating: Hold Downgrade

19/10/2016 Broker: Susquehanna Rating: Positive Old Target: $44 New Target: $48 Maintain

19/10/2016 Broker: RBC Capital Markets Rating: Sector Perform Old Target: $39 New Target: $45 Maintain

19/10/2016 Broker: Mizuho Rating: Neutral Old Target: $38 New Target: $42 Maintain

18/10/2016 Broker: Needham Old Rating: Buy New Rating: Hold Downgrade

17/10/2016 Broker: M Partners Rating: Buy Old Target: $44 New Target: $51 Maintain

The stock of Summit Materials Inc (NYSE:SUM) is a huge mover today! About 790,506 shares traded. Summit Materials Inc (NYSE:SUM) has risen 23.76% since August 31, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 15.17% the S&P500.The move comes after 5 months positive chart setup for the $3.48 billion company. It was reported on Apr, 7 by Barchart.com. We have $25.95 PT which if reached, will make NYSE:SUM worth $104.40M more.

Analysts await Summit Materials Inc (NYSE:SUM) to report earnings on May, 3. They expect $-0.47 EPS, down 14.63% or $0.06 from last year s $-0.41 per share. After $0.21 actual EPS reported by Summit Materials Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -323.81% negative EPS growth.

Summit Materials, Inc. is a construction materials company. The company has market cap of $3.48 billion. The Firm operates through three divisions: West, East and Cement. It has a 64.46 P/E ratio. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had activities in 21 states in the United States and in British Columbia, Canada.

Among 10 analysts covering Summit Materials (NYSE:SUM), 7 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 70% are positive. Summit Materials had 19 analyst reports since August 17, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Monday, April 18 the stock rating was maintained by Citigroup with  Buy . The company was maintained on Thursday, August 4 by Citigroup. The company was upgraded on Monday, August 17 by DA Davidson. The firm earned  Neutral  rating on Tuesday, October 11 by Goldman Sachs. RBC Capital Markets maintained Summit Materials Inc (NYSE:SUM) on Friday, August 28 with  Buy  rating. The rating was downgraded by Bank of America to  Neutral  on Wednesday, November 16. Citigroup initiated Summit Materials Inc (NYSE:SUM) on Tuesday, August 18 with  Neutral  rating. On Wednesday, November 4 the stock rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with  Outperform . On Friday, January 20 the stock rating was initiated by Suntrust Robinson with  Buy . The rating was maintained by Cleveland with  Buy  on Monday, April 3.

About 936,892 shares traded. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has risen 8.26% since August 31, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 0.34% the S&P500.

Since October 13, 2016, it had 0 insider purchases, and 18 insider sales for $1.67 million activity. Another trade for 974 shares valued at $44,561 was made by Utzschneider Lisa on Wednesday, March 22.

By Michael Collier

Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter. Uber boycott didn't do much damage, initial data shows Uber has arguably had the roughest year of its 8-year existence, and it s only April. The company was beset by scandal after scandal, including what some considered tacit support of the White House s ban on refugees from predominantly Muslim countries, allegations of sexual harassment, questionably legal anti-regulation tactics, and more.

Starting in late January, the #deleteUber hashtag went viral and the company had to create a new part of their app they never thought to build a way for people to delete their account. (Previously, users had to contact the company.) Over 200,000 people deleted their Uber accounts by the first week of February.

With the viral nature of the anti-Uber sentiment, questions emerged about how much damage the viral campaign would actually do to the company, and what boons there might be for competitors like Lyft.

The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) has released the numbers for February they run on a two-month delay finally giving insight into the damage from the scandals in Uber s biggest market. The TLC report covers number of rides by taxis, limousines, and any other car-for-hire services, which include app-based services like Uber, Lyft, Juno, and Gett.

Without knowing March s data yet, it s too early to know the effects of many of the scandals, but the month following the #deleteUber campaign s beginning is on the books. There doesn t appear to have been much damage. Uber ridership numbers typically fluctuate, and trips were at a localized peak of around 272,000 per day when the hashtag began to trend on Jan. 28 and became most prevalent over the week following (President Trump issued the administration s first travel ban on Jan. 27).

View photos It s hard to say how much Uber was affected by #deleteUber in New York City. Source: TLC/Todd Schneiderman More

About a week later, trips were down 11%. Whether that was because of Uber s bad reputation or other factors random drops like this are commonplace due to weather and holidays is impossible to know. The point, however, becomes somewhat moot when, on Feb. 18, the numbers return to 270,000 rides per day. Uber appears to have been negligibly affected.

With so much noise in the system from demand naturally fluctuating, it s hard to attribute changes to a cause like #deleteUber). However, the TLC data, pulled and consolidated into a visualization above by data scientist Todd W. Schneider, shows an uptick in Lyft that appears to be statistically significant. On Jan. 28, the day #deleteUber was born, Lyft made 44,000 trips and by Feb. 4, they were at 59,000, a massive 44% jump during Uber s 11% decline. (Yellow cabs also experienced a jump during that period.)

Adding more detail is difficult. Lyft could have cannibalized new signups that would have otherwise gone to Uber, or riders could have simply used Lyft slightly more. It s impossible to say.

The TLC data is not current thanks to the lag period, so there isn t any data from March to provide further insight into any fallout (for example, from a different allegation against Uber). However, a survey published in late March and conducted by LendEDU, a student loan company, found that 93% of US millennials indicated they wouldn t stop using Uber despite the controversy surrounding the tech unicorn. The reasons? On the one hand, it works really well. But as one Uber rider told Yahoo Finance in the wake of the scandal, it s hard to turn down taxi rides subsidized by VC while they last.

Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Got a tip? Send it to tips@yahoo-inc.com.

Read more:

Subprime auto loans too small to be a big problem, says Dimon

An interesting market sign says private jet sales may be about to take off

Democrats found a way to speak Trump s language

What Trump s intriguing Nafta changes say about his other promises

Facebook s copy of Snap stories is a reminder of a Silicon Valley hard truth

The trick to getting credit card fees waived? Just ask

These two companies lobby to make your taxes way harder

Chase s Sapphire Reserve is very worth it, even with its slashed bonus Signed Yahoo Esports Jersey Giveaway Signed Yahoo Esports Jersey Giveaway

Official Rules



No purchase necessary to ENTER OR WIN.

1. PROMOTION PERIOD. The Signed Yahoo Esports Jersey Giveaway (the  Promotion ) is sponsored by Yahoo! Inc. ( Sponsor ) and begins at 12:00 a.m. (midnight) Pacific Time on April 8, 2017 and ends at 11:59 p.m. PT on April 10, 2017 (the  Promotion Period ).

2. HOW TO ENTER.

To enter the Promotion use the competition widget ( Widget ) for this Promotion hosted by the gleam.io website, provided by Crowd9 PTY LTD ( Gleam ) during the Promotion Period to:

(a) go to Sponsor s website located at https://esports.yahoo.com/ ( Sponsor s Website ); or

(b) go to Sponsor s post titled  Yahoo Esports announce Smash Rivalries tournament  at https://esports.yahoo.com/yahoo-esports-announces-smash-rivalries-tournament-221736695.html; or

(c) log into the social media platforms listed below (each a  Social Media Platform ) and follow the links and instructions posted on the Widget to take the action(s) described below:

i. Via Facebook : Go to Sponsor s Facebook page located at www.facebook.com/YahooEsports. You must have a Facebook account to enter via this method. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can create one by visiting www.facebook.com. Facebook accounts are free.

ii. Via YouTube : Go to Sponsor s YouTube channel located at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIwwZPRRNrEA4Xg5G8uy3iQ ( Sponsor s YouTube Channel ) and follow the links and instructions to become a subscriber of Sponsor s YouTube Channel. You must have a YouTube account to enter via this method. If you do not have a YouTube account, you can create one by visiting https://accounts.google.com/SignUp. YouTube accounts are free.

iii. Via Twitter : Log onto your Twitter account and follow the links and instructions to become a follower of Sponsor s page on Twitter, located at @YahooEsports. You must be an active holder of a non-private Twitter account to be eligible to enter this Promotion via Twitter (i.e., you must make sure your tweets are set to  public  and not  private ). If you do not have a Twitter account, you can create one by visiting www.twitter.com. Twitter accounts are free.

iv. Via Twitch : Go to Sponsor s Twitch page located at https://www.twitch.tv/yahooesports ( Sponsor s Twitch Page ) and follow the links and instructions to become a follower of Sponsor s Twitch Page. You must have a Twitch account to enter via this method. If you do not have a Twitch account, you can create one by visiting http://twitch.tv. Twitch accounts are free.

v. Via Instagram : Go to Sponsor s Instagram page located at www.instagram.com/YahooEsports. You must have an Instagram account to enter via this method. If you do not have an Instagram account, you can create one by downloading the app from iOS App Store or Google Play Story. Instagram accounts are free.

vi. Via YouTube Video : Watch the Sponsor s YouTube video  Melee Science: The history of Smash Melee s East Coast/West Coast rivalry  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu4NHIlFb_s) from the Sponsor s YouTube Channel within the Widget. You must watch the video in its entirely to enter via this method. You do not have to have a YouTube account to enter via this method.

For the avoidance of doubt, you must have a Gleam account in order to enter the Promotion. If you do not have a Gleam account, you can create one by visiting https://gleam.io/. Gleam accounts are free.

Important Notice: If you choose to enter on your mobile device using a mobile device on a wireless service provider s network (as opposed to on a Wi-Fi network), your wireless carrier s text and data rates apply. You should consult your wireless service provider s pricing plan for details. You agree to incur any and all charges demanded by your wireless carrier.

Your participation in the Promotion is governed by these Official Rules, as well as any applicable Social Media Platform s Terms of Service and such Social Media Platform s Rules. You may enter the Promotion one (1) time via each of the five (5) Social Media Platforms listed above and by visiting the Sponsor s Website for a total of eight (8) entries per person. Multiple Promotion entries by the same person via any of the eight (8) entry methods listed above will not result in multiple entries for such person, and may result in all such person s entries being voided. By participating you agree that Sponsor may use your Promotion entry and your name, including on its social media feeds.

Read More Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Has the U.S. Retail Sector Reeling As unbelievable as it sounds that one tech company could take down an entire sector of the U.S. economy, Amazon.com, Inc. (ticker: AMZN) may be single-handedly destroying U.S. retail. Retailers have seen the Amazon retail juggernaut coming for years, and yet the Amazon body count continues to rise.

This month, two more names could be added to the list. Shoe chain Payless just filed for bankruptcy, and teen retailer Rue 21 is reportedly planning to follow suit in coming weeks.

Amazon has been devastating traditional brick-and-mortar retailers for years. But while the retail industry struggles to adapt, things only seem to be getting worse.

[Read: How Investors Can Capitalize on the Growing Success of E-Commerce.]

Sears Holding Corp. ( SHLD) officials have acknowledged "substantial doubt" that its Sears and Kmart chains will continue.

U.S. retailers have already closed roughly 2,880 total stores so far in 2017 compared to only 1,153 store closings at this point last year. The total number of year-to-date closings puts the industry on a record pace in 2017.

Despite closing thousands of stores in recent years, popular mall retailers such as Macy's ( M) and J.C. Penney Co. ( JCP) will likely need to continue to aggressively reduce store counts.

"Cowen's proprietary top-down metropolitan statistical area analysis combined with a bottom-up point of view reveals closures of 20 percent or greater required at JCP & Macy's," Cowen & Co. analysts wrote in a new retail report.

Cowen predicts mall retailers such as Abercrombie & Fitch ( ANF), Gap ( GPS) and Ascena Retail Group will "likely need to significantly reduce their store counts."

[Read: How 7 Big-Box Retail Stocks Are Faring.]

Cowen estimates off-mall retailers such as Kohl's ( KSS) may not require as many store closures.

The firm says retail investors should expect at least another 1,800 store closures in the near future.

The retail store closings have certainly been reflected in the U.S. employment numbers. The Department of Labor just reported that U.S. unemployment dropped to 4.5 percent in March, its lowest level in a decade. However, the retail sector reported a loss of 61,000 jobs in the past two months, its worst two-month stretch since 2009.

At the same time, Amazon announced in January that it plans to create 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs by mid-2018.

[See: 10 of the Worst Performing Stocks of 2016.]

Despite the overall weakness in the retail sector, Cowen still sees growth opportunities for selective investors. Cowen expects "growth and share gains" from value retailers TJX Companies ( TJX), Ross Stores ( ROST), Burlington Stores ( BURL), Dick's Sporting Goods ( DKS) and Ulta Beauty ( ULTA).





More From US News & World Report

 Hornby PLC (LON:HRN) Stock Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Numis; The Target is GBX ... Falcon Edge Capital Lp increased Yahoo Inc (YHOO) stake by 92.17% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Falcon Edge Capital Lp acquired 1.76M shares as Yahoo Inc (YHOO) s stock declined 10.34%. The Falcon Edge Capital Lp holds 3.67 million shares with $141.86 million value, up from 1.91M last quarter. Yahoo Inc now has $44.41 billion valuation. The stock decreased 0.22% or $0.1 during the last trading session, reaching $46.28. About shares traded. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has risen 8.26% since August 31, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 0.34% the S&P500.

Hornby PLC (LON:HRN) had its stock rating noted as Buy by analysts at Numis. Numis currently has a GBX 38.00 TP on the 29.39M GBP market cap company or 15.15% upside potential. This was released in a report on Friday, 7 April.

Hornby Plc is a holding company. The Company is engaged in developing, designing, sourcing and distribution of hobby and interactive products. The company has market cap of 29.39 million GBP. The Firm distributes its products through a network of specialists through its online activities and various retailers throughout the United Kingdom and overseas. It currently has negative earnings. The Firm has activities in the United Kingdom, the United States, Spain, Italy and the rest of Europe.

About 232,058 shares traded or 228.53% up from the average. Hornby Plc (LON:HRN) has risen 0.41% since September 8, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 8.18% the S&P500.

Investors sentiment decreased to 0.72 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.16, from 0.88 in 2016Q3. It worsened, as 68 investors sold YHOO shares while 207 reduced holdings. 59 funds opened positions while 139 raised stakes. 663.52 million shares or 5.16% more from 630.97 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Tower Cap Ltd Liability (Trc) owns 21,315 shares or 0.09% of their US portfolio. Amp Capital Invsts holds 320,250 shares or 0.07% of its portfolio. State Of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D holds 0.19% or 1.13 million shares in its portfolio. Moreover, Arizona State Retirement Sys has 0.12% invested in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) for 216,956 shares. Capstone Asset Mgmt accumulated 0.07% or 65,760 shares. Sunbelt Secs invested in 100,000 shares. Howard Hughes Medical Institute holds 0.26% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) or 29,772 shares. Pax Mngmt Limited reported 49,174 shares stake. Eminence Capital Lp, New York-based fund reported 2.06 million shares. Chevy Chase Trust Incorporated has 0.15% invested in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) for 733,491 shares. Cantab Cap Prtn Llp holds 0% of its portfolio in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) for 3,580 shares. Kcm Inv Lc has 0.06% invested in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Vanguard Grp Inc Inc Inc stated it has 0.12% of its portfolio in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). 801 are owned by Peoples Financial Services Corp. Old Mutual Customised Solutions (Proprietary) stated it has 0.22% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

Falcon Edge Capital Lp decreased Cheniere Energy Inc (NYSEMKT:LNG) stake by 1.14M shares to 2.33 million valued at $96.36M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Advance Auto Parts Inc (NYSE:AAP) stake by 41,700 shares and now owns 165,100 shares. Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT) was reduced too. If You Lack Direction On TerraVia Holdings, Inc. (TVIA), You Need to Read This With all other things going on, TerraVia Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TVIA) has been on a free fall   declining -63.77 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are not happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider TerraVia Holdings, Inc. a neutral, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and TerraVia Holdings, Inc. (TVIA) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with TerraVia Holdings, Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $1.07 below TVIA s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made sharp losses in the past year, as the company has gathered a -78.15% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -593.02% from previous highs of around $2.98 per share on September 27, 2016. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 275% since hitting lows of $0.4 on April 06, 2017.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $0.36 and $0.4. In terms of pullbacks, $0.47 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

TerraVia Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TVIA) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session TerraVia Holdings, Inc. RSI was seen at 25.19. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that TerraVia Holdings, Inc. (TVIA) has been put into a neutral territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for TVIA is 4.73. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for TerraVia Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TVIA) moved to around 94. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. 
2017-04-10
Yahoo! Inc. surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of 0.35% Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) belongs to the  Technology  sector with an industry focus on  Internet Information Providers , with Ms. Marissa A. Mayer as Chief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director.

The company has been one of the biggest innovators in  Internet Information Providers  employing approximately 8800 full time employees.

Key Statistics:

The stock added in the prior trading session by 0.35%, closing at the stock price of $46.44.

Currently, the market capitalization of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 44.42 Billion.

YHOO has a 1-year high price of $ 47.19 and 1-year low price of $35.05.

The number of shares currently held by investors is 956.49 Million.

The number of shares traded in the last trading session was 4.63 Million.

Financials:

The company reported an impressive total revenue of 5.17 Billion in the last fiscal year.

If you look at the company s income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, YHOO earned gross profit of 3.32 Billion, in 2015 2.89 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) produced 2.45 Billion profit.

Currently the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a trading volume of 4.63 Million shares, with an average trading volume of 5320 shares   with shares dropping to a 52 week low of $35.05, and the company s shares hitting a 52 week high of $ 47.19.

Looking at the current price of the stock and the 52 week high and low, it suggests that the stock is likely to go Down in the future.

Earnings per share (EPS) breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis, and for Yahoo! Inc. the EPS stands at 0.25 for the previous quarter, while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 0.21, suggesting the stock exceeded the analysts  expectations.

Another critical number in evaluating a stock is P/E or the price to earnings ratio.

The TTM operating margin is -12.5%. The return on invested capital at -1.6%, which is good, compared to its peers.

The Free Cash Flow or FCF margin is 43.93%, which means that the business has healthy reserve funds for contingencies that may arise.

Stock is currently moving with a positive distance from the 200 day simple moving average of approximately 10.34%, and has a solid year to date (YTD) performance of 20.09% which means the stock is constantly adding to its value from the previous fiscal year end price.

The stock diminished about -16.94% in the past 5 years, this negative value indicates that the stock constantly going down in previous years as well.

Future Expectations:

The target price for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is $48.11/share according to the consensus of analysts working on the stock, with an expected EPS of $0.14/share for the current quarter.

The company s expected revenue in the current quarter to be 1.23 Billion, seeing a projected current quarter growth of 75%, and per annum growth estimates over the next 5 year period of around 3.88%. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain OfficersItem 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

In a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on January 9, 2017, Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo  or the  Company ) disclosed, among other things, that, immediately following the closing (the  Closing ) of the previously announced pending sale by Yahoo of its operating business (the  Sale Transaction ) to Verizon Communications Inc. ( Verizon ) to the terms of a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2016, as amended as of February 20, 2017, between Yahoo and Verizon (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ), the size of the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ) would be reduced to five (5) directors, that Tor Braham, Eric Brandt, Catherine Friedman, Thomas McInerney, and Jeffrey Smith would continue to serve as directors of the Company following the Closing, and that the remaining current members of the Board had indicated that they intend to resign from the Board effective upon the Closing.

On April 7, 2017, Jeffrey Smith indicated that he intends to resign from the Board effective upon the Closing, and that his intention to resign is not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.

The Company has initiated a search for a candidate, who would not be an  interested person  of the Company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, to serve as a fifth director of the Company following the Closing.

Forward-Looking Statements.

This communication contains forward-looking statements concerning the Sale Transaction. Risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from the results predicted. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others: (i) the inability to consummate the Sale Transaction in a timely manner or at all, due to the inability to obtain or delays in obtaining approval of Yahoo s stockholders, the necessary regulatory approvals, or satisfaction of other conditions to the closing of the Sale Transaction; (ii) the existence or occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Stock Purchase Agreement, which, in addition to other adverse consequences, could result in the Company incurring substantial fees, including, in certain circumstances, the payment of a termination fee to Verizon under the Stock Purchase Agreement; (iii) potential adverse effects on Yahoo s relationships with its existing and potential advertisers, suppliers, customers, vendors, distributors, landlords, licensors, licensees, joint venture partners, and other business partners; (iv) the implementation of the Sale Transaction will require significant time, attention, and resources of Yahoo s senior management and others within Yahoo, potentially diverting their attention from the conduct of Yahoo s business; (v) risks related to Yahoo s ability to retain or recruit key talent; (vi) costs, fees, expenses, and charges related to or triggered by the Sale Transaction; (vii) the net proceeds that the Company will receive from Verizon is subject to uncertainties as a result of the purchase price adjustments in the Stock Purchase Agreement; (viii) restrictions on the conduct of Yahoo s business, including the ability to make certain acquisitions and divestitures, enter into certain contracts, and incur certain indebtedness and expenditures until the earlier of the completion of the Sale Transaction or the termination of the Stock Purchase Agreement; (ix) potential adverse effects on Yahoo s business, properties, or operations caused by Yahoo implementing the Sale Transaction or foregoing opportunities that Yahoo might otherwise pursue absent the pending Sale Transaction; (x) the initiation or outcome of any legal proceedings or regulatory proceedings that may be instituted against Yahoo and its directors and/or officers relating to the Sale Transaction; and (xi) following the Closing, the Company will be required to register and be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which will result in, among other things, the Company having to comply with the regulations thereunder, certain stockholders potentially being prohibited from holding or acquiring shares of the Company, and the Company likely being removed from the Standard and Poor s 500 Index and other indices which could have an adverse impact on the Company s share price following the Sale Transaction.

All of these risks and uncertainties could potentially have an adverse impact on Yahoo s business and financial performance, and could cause its stock price to decline.

More information about other potential factors that could affect Yahoo s business and financial results is included under the captions  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Yahoo s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which is on file with the SEC and available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. All information set forth in this communication is as of April 10, 2017. Yahoo does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

Important Additional Information and Where to Find It.

On April 10, 2017, Yahoo filed with the SEC Amendment No. 2 to the preliminary proxy statement regarding the proposed sale of Yahoo s operating business to Verizon. Yahoo will file with the SEC a definitive version of the proxy statement, which will be sent or provided to Yahoo stockholders when available. The information contained in the preliminary proxy statement is not complete and may be changed. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING DECISION, YAHOO S STOCKHOLDERS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO READ YAHOO S PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND, WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE, YAHOO S DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE TRANSACTION OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE THEREIN BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE SALE TRANSACTION. Investors and stockholders may obtain a free copy of Yahoo s preliminary proxy statement and any amendments or supplements to the preliminary proxy statement, Yahoo s definitive proxy statement (when available) and any amendments or supplements to the definitive proxy statement (when available), and other documents filed by Yahoo with the SEC (when available) in connection with the Sale Transaction for no charge at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, on the Investor Relations page of Yahoo s website investor.yahoo.net, or by writing to Investor Relations, Yahoo! Inc., 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089.

Yahoo and its directors and executive officers, as well as Verizon and its directors and executive officers, may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Yahoo s investors and stockholders in connection with the Sale Transaction. Information concerning the ownership of Yahoo securities by Yahoo s directors and executive officers is included in their SEC filings on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and additional information is also available in Yahoo s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as amended, and Yahoo s proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders filed with the SEC on May 23, 2016. Information about Verizon s directors and executive officers is set forth in Verizon s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and Verizon s proxy statement for its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017. Information regarding Yahoo s directors, executive officers, and other persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Sale Transaction, including their respective interests by security holdings or otherwise, also is set forth in the preliminary proxy statement described above and will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement relating to the Sale Transaction when it is filed with the SEC. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

About Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo), along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in digital information discovery. The Company s segments include the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. The Company focuses on informing, connecting and entertaining its users with its search (Yahoo search), communications, including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger, and digital content products, including Tumblr, and its four verticals, such as Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Lifestyle. Yahoo Search is a search engine that serves as a guide for users to discover the information on the Internet. Yahoo Mail connects users to the people and things across mobile and desktop. Yahoo Messenger is an instant messaging service that provides an interactive and personalized way for users to connect and communicate in real-time. The Company s Digital Content offerings include Tumblr, its social platform, and its four verticals, including News, Sports, Finance and Lifestyle. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Recent Trading Information

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) closed its last trading session 00.00 at 46.44 with 4,629,814 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. What Does The Chart For Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Tell Us Presently? Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we ve been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment. Successful trading professionals know that in order to maximize returns, one need to take an eagle-eye look at charts, chart patterns and the underlying technicals for a particular security. Get it wrong and the consequences can be ruinous; get it right and trading success becomes less of an art and more of a science.

Recent trading for (YHOO) has highlighted key trends upon which sound decisions can be based. The levels established for its relative 50 and 200 SMAs have suggested that the current trend is bullish. The current trend established by the SMAs also highlight the level of investor interest as the stock makes its way across varying levels of risk and upside potential. This has further created a general positive trading atmosphere. Current trends have also fed into volume levels which have seen weak buying and selling sentiments, reflecting the general indifference of interested parties across the broadest trading and investing spectrum. Combined these sentiment-based indicators and trends point to potential deeper impacts on cross-related technical factors capable of influencing overall upside.

The deeper test for the directional thrust of a stock is measured through two very important indicators: Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures. Both indicators offer up the distilled wisdom of whether the stock is oversold or overbought, i.e. are the sellers dominating activities, or are the buyers doping the bulk of the movement. For (YHOO) the 14-day RSI is 55.42% this indicates that on the balance of traditional RSI measures, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture offers up another powerful indicator of potential price movement for (YHOO). Stochastic data amassed over the past 30 days highlights a score of 48.22%. This indicates that the stock is neither overbought or oversold at current levels.

Leading indicators often do not tell all that a trader needs to know in order to make the best decisions. As a result, other technical machinery may need to be employed. Short-term movement for (YHOO) has offered up some interesting dynamics. Its +0.46 price change has produced positive change over the past 30 days. Longer term the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 13.3%. This performance has come on the back of consistently higher daily volatility when matched against other stocks trading on the same exchange. Recent momentum has been largely informed by a historical volatility of 11.30%. This level of volatility is indicative of the speed (rate of change) of the underlying stock price and is therefore a helpful gauge at a glance. The risk-implied volatility is also being showcased via the average true range, currently 1.31. Keep in mind that ATR does not account for price direction therefore professional traders always utilize the price chart in tandem with the ATR indicator. Which Way Traders Signposts Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Opko Health, Inc. (OPK) Stocks? Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) gained 0.35% with the closing price of $46.44. The overall volume in the last trading session was 4.63 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.26 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 13.88 and sector s optimum level is 10.59.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have shown a high EPS growth of -17.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.40 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $47.19 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.06% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $46.44 a share and the price is up more than 20.09% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.43 vs. an industry average at 5.08. Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Opko Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPK) ended its day at $7.59 with the rising stream of -0.26% and its total traded volume was 4.4 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Opko Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPK)

Opko Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPK), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -0.69, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 13.63 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 13.18. Opko Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPK), at its latest closing price of $7.59, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.02, compared to an industry average at 4.10. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Opko Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPK), stock is trading $12.15 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -7.60% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 26.00% . Its share price has decline -19.08% in three months and is down -5.12% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 1.70. Highly Traded Stock: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Jefferies Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 10/21/16. The stock recently closed its previous session at $46.44 by showing a percentage change of 0.35% from its previous day closing price of $46.28.

Price Target is basically a projection of future price of a company s stock by the expert analysis of investment analysts or investment firms. There may be various price targets for a stock. These analysts and investment firms use various valuation methods to decide a price target for a stock.

Several investment firms issued their expert ratings on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) in which Needham Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Hold with no specific Price Target on 10/18/16. MKM Partners Maintains the stock to Buy on 10/17/16 with no specific Price Target. Cantor Fitzgerald Maintains the company s stock to Buy on 7/26/16 by setting a price target of $49. CLSA Maintains Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Outperform with a price target of $40.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a consensus Price Target of $48.28. While some analysts have a High Price target for the stock of $57 and a Low Price Target of $41.

Several sell side analysts reviewed their recommendations on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) where 5 analyst have rated the stock as Strong Buy, 5 analysts said it s a Buy, 13 rated the stock as Hold, 0 analysts reported Underperform and 0 analysts gave their recommendations as Sell. (Current Month Yahoo Finance Ratings)

Zacks Investment Research also rated the stock with a value of 2.29. This scale runs from 1 to 5 where 1 represents Strong Buy and 5 represents Sell.

In the last Quarter, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) reported its Actual EPS of $0.25/share. The analysts offering Earnings Estimates for the company were believing that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) could bring EPS of $0.21/share. The difference between Actual EPS and Estimated EPS was 0.04 Percent. Thus the company showed an Earnings Surprise of 19 Percent.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a market capitalization of 44.42 Billion. The stock traded with the volume of 4.56 Million shares in the last trading session. The stock touched its high share price of $47.19 on 03/21/17 and the stock also touched its Lowest price in the last 52-weeks of trading on 06/27/16 as $35.05. The company has a 1 Year high price target of $48.47. The stock is currently trading with a distance of 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) of 0.07%. The Moving Average SMA50 is 1.76% while SMA200 is 10.34%.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is currently showing its ROA (Return on Assets) of -0.4%. The Return on Investment (ROI) is at -1.6% while it s Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 20.09 percent while its Weekly performance value is 0.06%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are 1.09 percent and 28.75 percent respectively. The Relative Volume value measured for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 0.7. The Average Volume (3 months) is 6.57 Million.

The stock currently has its Annual Dividend of $0 and an annual Dividend Yield of 0 Percent. YHOO has P/E (Price to Earnings ttm) value of 0, Forward P/E of 65.41, P/C (Price to cash per share) of 6.49 and Price to Free Cash Flow (P/FCF) value of 43.93. The stock is showing its Operating Margin of -12.5 percent.

Company Profile:

Yahoo! Inc. is a global Internet communications, commerce and media company that offers a comprehensive branded network of services. As one of the first online navigational guides to the World Wide Web, Yahoo! is one of the leading guides in terms of traffic, advertising, and household and business user reach. The company also provides online business and enterprise services designed to enhance the productivity and Web presence of Yahoo! s clients. Analyst provided some recent clues on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Best Buy Co., Inc ... Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are on a recovery track as they have regained 32.5% since bottoming out at $35.05 on Jun. 27, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 0.06% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 20.09% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -1.59% from $47.19 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 28.75% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $48.11 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 15.47%, and the sector s average is 4.62%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Best Buy Co., Inc. (NYSE:BBY) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -2.29% since hitting a peak level of $49.4 on Dec. 08, 2016. Thanks to an increase of almost 8.34% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 13.85% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 71.2% higher from $28.76, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Jun. 15, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 28.01% for the past six months.

The bad news is analysts don t believe there s a room for the share price to move in the upward direction. At recent closing price of $48.22, BBY has a chance to give up $-0.97 or -2.01% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($47.25) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.9 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.57 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Best Buy Co., Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly -0.7%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 10.97%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Best Buy Co., Inc. s ROE is 26.57%, while industry s is 10.67%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 12.84%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. BBY s ROA is 8.82%, while industry s average is 4.24%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 6.51. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Analysts See $0.08 EPS; Univest Of Pennsylvania (UVSP ... Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania is the bank holding firm of Univest Bank and Trust Co. . The company has market cap of $696.64 million. The Bank is a Pennsylvania state-chartered bank and trust company. It has a 33.61 P/E ratio. The Company s business divisions include Banking, Wealth Management and Insurance.

Analysts expect Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to report $0.08 EPS on April, 18.They anticipate $0.07 EPS change or 700.00% from last quarter s $0.01 EPS. YHOO s profit would be $76.68M giving it 145.31 P/E if the $0.08 EPS is correct. After having $0.18 EPS previously, Yahoo! Inc. s analysts see -55.56% EPS growth. About 14 shares traded. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has risen 8.18% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 0.33% the S&P500.

Since October 13, 2016, it had 0 buys, and 18 insider sales for $1.67 million activity. Shares for $17,122 were sold by Utzschneider Lisa.

Investors sentiment decreased to 0.72 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.16, from 0.88 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 68 investors sold Yahoo! Inc. shares while 207 reduced holdings. 59 funds opened positions while 139 raised stakes. 663.52 million shares or 5.16% more from 630.97 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. New York-based Numina Cap Mngmt Lc has invested 5.86% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Starboard Value L P holds 14.02% or 12.30M shares. Ims Cap Mgmt reported 0.23% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd Partnership holds 4.09 million shares. Schwab Charles Management stated it has 2.48M shares or 0.11% of all its holdings. Alpine Partners Vi Ltd Limited Liability Company reported 51,527 shares or 0.93% of all its holdings. David R Rahn And Associates reported 13,505 shares or 0.4% of all its holdings. Private Advisor Group Llc invested in 0.01% or 5,938 shares. 18,075 are owned by Tokio Marine Asset Ltd. Synovus Corporation owns 0% invested in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) for 290 shares. 710 are held by Smithfield Tru Com. Gateway Invest Advisers Ltd Llc holds 0.19% or 511,528 shares in its portfolio. 1.17 million were accumulated by Guggenheim Cap Limited Liability Corporation. 58,900 were reported by Andra Ap. Pub Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado invested in 176,050 shares.

Yahoo! Inc. , along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in digital information discovery. The company has market cap of $44.57 billion. The Company s divisions include the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. It currently has negative earnings. The Firm focuses on informing, connecting and entertaining its users with its search (Yahoo search), communications, including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger, and digital content products, including Tumblr, and its four verticals, such as Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Lifestyle.

Among 33 analysts covering Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), 16 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 16 Hold. Therefore 48% are positive. Yahoo! Inc. had 105 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The company was upgraded on Monday, January 25 by Pivotal Research. Goldman Sachs maintained the shares of YHOO in report on Thursday, March 24 with  Neutral  rating. The rating was downgraded by S&P Research on Tuesday, October 20 to  Buy . M Partners maintained the shares of YHOO in report on Monday, October 17 with  Buy  rating. B. Riley & Co downgraded the stock to  Neutral  rating in Wednesday, October 21 report. Susquehanna maintained it with  Positive  rating and $48 target in Wednesday, October 19 report. The rating was maintained by M Partners with  Buy  on Wednesday, September 16. The stock has  Neutral  rating by Credit Suisse on Tuesday, July 19. The stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has  Buy  rating given on Wednesday, September 9 by Bank of America. As per Wednesday, February 3, the company rating was maintained by Susquehanna.

It closed at $26.15 lastly. It is down 12.67% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 4.16% the S&P500.

Analysts await Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania (NASDAQ:UVSP) to report earnings on April, 26. They expect $0.42 EPS, up 10.53% or $0.04 from last year s $0.38 per share. UVSP s profit will be $11.19 million for 15.57 P/E if the $0.42 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.36 actual EPS reported by Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 16.67% EPS growth.

Univest Corp Of Pennsylvania holds 10.31% of its portfolio in Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania for 788,049 shares. Seidman Lawrence B owns 160,398 shares or 3.49% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Fj Capital Management Llc has 2.82% invested in the company for 615,500 shares. The Texas-based Clover Partners L.P. has invested 2.03% in the stock. Philadelphia Trust Co, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 458,195 shares. Why Traders Are Chasing PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) shares ended at $43.04 with 4.71 mln shares exchanging hands. That puts the market capitalization at $51.81 bln. It opened the session with a $42.89 price tag, later ranging from $42.71 to $43.175, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly -3.32% off versus the 52-week high and 26.59% away from the 52-week low. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 1.2 bln.

Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $47.47 on the shares of PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL). The consensus rating is 2, indicating analysts in general look favorably on the company s future prospects. It has been assigned a low target price of $39 and a high target price of $54.

The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 7.51% away from its 200-day simple moving average, 2.31%, away from the 50-day average and also 0.33% away from 20-day average.

For this year, PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) is performing 9.04%. Over the past five trading sessions it is 0.05%; 0.28% for the month; 3.84% for the last quarter; 7.12% for the past six-months; and 12.05% for the last 12 months. The last close places the company s stock about $1.48 off its 52 week high of $44.52 and $9.04 above the 52 week low of $34.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) closed up +0.16 points or 0.35% at $46.44 with 4.63 mln shares exchanging hands. Current price level places the company s stock about -1.59% from the 52-week high and 32.5% away from the 52-week low. Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $48.28 on the company shares. The consensus rating is 2.4, suggesting the market has given up on the stock. It has been assigned a low target price of $41 and a high target price of $57.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) opened the session with a $46.23 price tag, later ranging from $45.96 to $46.53, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly $0.96 off versus the 52-week high of $47.19 and $11.18 above the 52-week low of $35.05. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 953.19 mln. The current price change puts the market capitalization at $44.27 bln.

In an overview of the current analyst recommendations, Buy count is 9 and Overweight is 1 while the number of analysts recommending Sell and Underweight are 0 and 0, respectively. Also, the Hold rating count is 15 as of 04/07/17. The analyst recommendations from a month ago are 9 Buy, 1 Overweight, 0 Sell, 18 Hold and 0 Underweight. Investors might also notice that three month ago the Buy recommendations (8) outnumbered Sell recommendations (0). The count of Hold ratings in that period was 16.

Over the past five trading sessions shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are 0.06%; 1.09% for the month; 12.64% for the last quarter; 6.32% for the past six-months; and 28.75% for the last 12 months. The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 10.34% away from its 200-day simple moving average, 1.76%, away from the 50-day average and also 0.07% away from 20-day average. The stock is performing 20.09% year to date. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Reaches $47.15 52-Week High; Adesto Tech (IOTS) Shorts ... The stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) hit a new 52-week high and has $49.04 target or 4.00% above today s $47.15 share price. The 7 months bullish chart indicates low risk for the $45.26 billion company. The 1-year high was reported on Apr, 10 by Barchart.com. If the $49.04 price target is reached, the company will be worth $1.81 billion more. About 4.53 million shares traded. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has risen 8.18% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 0.33% the S&P500.

Adesto Tech Corporation (NASDAQ:IOTS) had a decrease of 15.26% in short interest. IOTS s SI was 210,400 shares in April as released by FINRA. Its down 15.26% from 248,300 shares previously. With 36,900 avg volume, 6 days are for Adesto Tech Corporation (NASDAQ:IOTS) s short sellers to cover IOTS s short positions. The SI to Adesto Tech Corporation s float is 3.16%. About 32,300 shares traded. Adesto Technologies Corp (NASDAQ:IOTS) has risen 71.55% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 63.04% the S&P500.

Adesto Technologies Corporation is a well-known provider of application-specific and ultra-low power non-volatile memory products. The company has market cap of $69.53 million. The Firm optimizes its non-volatile memory products for Internet of Things , applications, including current and next-generation Internet-connected devices in the consumer, industrial, medical and wearables markets. It currently has negative earnings. It operates in application-specific and feature-rich, ultra-low power non-volatile memory (NVM) products segment.

Among 6 analysts covering Adesto Technologies (NASDAQ:IOTS), 6 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 100% are positive. Adesto Technologies had 8 analyst reports since November 23, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Roth Capital initiated Adesto Technologies Corp (NASDAQ:IOTS) on Thursday, September 1 with  Buy  rating. The stock of Adesto Technologies Corp (NASDAQ:IOTS) earned  Buy  rating by Bernstein on Friday, February 19. The firm has  Buy  rating by Benchmark given on Friday, February 19. As per Monday, November 23, the company rating was initiated by Oppenheimer. The stock has  Strong Buy  rating by Needham on Monday, November 23. As per Monday, November 23, the company rating was initiated by Roth Capital. Needham maintained Adesto Technologies Corp (NASDAQ:IOTS) on Wednesday, August 10 with  Strong Buy  rating. The firm has  Buy  rating by TH Capital given on Monday, November 23.

Analysts await Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) to report earnings on April, 18. They expect $0.08 EPS, up 700.00% or $0.07 from last year s $0.01 per share. YHOO s profit will be $76.78 million for 147.34 P/E if the $0.08 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.18 actual EPS reported by Yahoo! Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -55.56% negative EPS growth.

Among 33 analysts covering Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), 16 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 16 Hold. Therefore 48% are positive. Yahoo! Inc. had 105 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Goldman Sachs maintained the shares of YHOO in report on Thursday, March 24 with  Neutral  rating. Citigroup maintained the stock with  Buy  rating in Thursday, June 16 report. The rating was maintained by Axiom Capital on Monday, October 5 with  Buy . On Wednesday, October 21 the stock rating was maintained by Jefferies with  Buy . The rating was maintained by Bernstein on Tuesday, July 19 with  Outperform . Goldman Sachs maintained it with  Neutral  rating and $38 target in Wednesday, April 20 report. The stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) earned  Buy  rating by Jefferies on Tuesday, July 19. The stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) earned  Buy  rating by Brean Capital on Friday, August 14. The stock of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has  Hold  rating given on Friday, October 21 by Jefferies. The company was maintained on Monday, October 17 by M Partners.

Investors sentiment decreased to 0.72 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.16, from 0.88 in 2016Q3. It worsened, as 68 investors sold Yahoo! Inc. shares while 207 reduced holdings. 59 funds opened positions while 139 raised stakes. 663.52 million shares or 5.16% more from 630.97 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Bb&T Ltd Liability Co reported 0.01% of its portfolio in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Meiji Yasuda Asset Co Ltd has invested 0.07% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Nippon Life Insur reported 0.04% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Korea Invest holds 1,067 shares. Wells Fargo Mn, California-based fund reported 3.78M shares. Canada Pension Plan Board holds 0.39% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) or 2.75 million shares. State Of Wisconsin Inv Board holds 878,446 shares. Lombard Odier Asset Mngmt (Usa) owns 35,000 shares. Arrow Financial owns 100 shares. British Columbia Invest Management reported 544,021 shares or 0.18% of all its holdings. Rafferty Asset Mgmt Limited Liability Company stated it has 37,355 shares or 0.07% of all its holdings. Moreover, Dsc Advsrs L P has 0.18% invested in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Amf Pensionsforsakring Ab invested in 613,965 shares. State Treasurer State Of Michigan has invested 0.09% in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). Dowling & Yahnke Ltd Limited Liability Company accumulated 0.18% or 42,060 shares.

Since October 13, 2016, it had 0 insider buys, and 18 selling transactions for $1.67 million activity. Utzschneider Lisa also sold $28,607 worth of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) on Wednesday, December 21.

Yahoo! Inc. , along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in digital information discovery. The company has market cap of $45.26 billion. The Company s divisions include the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. It currently has negative earnings. The Firm focuses on informing, connecting and entertaining its users with its search (Yahoo search), communications, including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger, and digital content products, including Tumblr, and its four verticals, such as Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Lifestyle. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Charts Indicating Positive Momentum Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is holding above the stock s moving averages, indicating a postitive uptrend for Technology company.

In order to tell which way a stock is trending, the stock s share price should be compared to its moving average. The stock will be uptrending if it is being traded above its moving averages and downtrending if it is being traded below. The stock stands 3.26% away from its 50-day simple moving average and 11.94% away from the 200-day average. The price currently stands at $47.17.

Let s take a look at how the stock has been performing recently. Over the past twelve months, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) s stock was 20.09%. 12.64% over the last quarter, and 6.32% for the past six months.

Over the past 50 days, Yahoo! Inc. stock was -0.05% off of the high and 8.28% removed from the low. Their 52-Week High and Low are noted here. -0.05% (High), 34.56%, (Low).

The RSI (Relative Strength Index), an indicator that shows price strength by comparing upward and downward close-to-close movements is 63.61 for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).



The consensus analysts recommendation at this point stands at 2.40 on this stock. This is based on a 1-5 scale where 1 indicates a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. The Street has a 48.11 target price on the shares for the next 12-18 months.

The information provided on this website is for individual use only and should be considered strictly informational in nature. The article is not advice, and should not be treated as such. We are in no way responsible for any investment loss or damages. All content in our articles is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities. Neither the information presented nor any statement or expression of opinion, or any other matter herein, directly or indirectly constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any securities.

Viewers should always consult with a licensed securities professional before purchasing or selling any securities of companies profiled or discussed in our articles. It is possible that a viewer s entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled. We make no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled or discussed in on our website should be purchased, sold or held by investors. How to reduce the chances of getting dragged off your United flight A photo from United, shows how passengers are treated when they are not asked to leave the plane. Source: United

United Airlines (UAL)  deplaned  one of its paying passengers late Sunday, dragging him from his seat and down the aisle.

Airlines routinely overbook planes and pay people to take the next flight when necessary. On this particular flight, United needed four seats for employees hitching a ride. It offered $800 vouchers, but no one on the plane volunteered. Instead, United selected four passengers at random.

When one passenger didn t comply, United had three men forcibly remove him. And soon after, a video of the incident went viral giving United another round of bad press.

Despite the outrage expressed on social media, and by a concerned passenger in the video, United s actions indicated it considered itself in the right. The reason is simple: a half-pound stack of paper called the  contract of carriage. 

Like the terms of service agreements most people scroll through quickly and click  I agree,  the United contract of carriage is something you likely agreed to without reading or understanding, something that JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon recently said can be trouble.

Airlines don t value economy customers as much

Under Rule 25 on page 35 if you print it out the agreement says exactly what happens if the flight is oversold.  If there are not enough volunteers, other Passengers may be denied boarding involuntarily,  the language reads. (Of course, the deplaned man was not denied boarding, he was already boarded.)

The language continues however, shining light on how these  other Passengers  are chosen. It s not random, it s  in accordance with UA s boarding priority.  That means that if you have a certain type of fare class you may not even know these exist a complex itinerary, status (e.g. gold or platinum), have checked in early, or have frequent flier card, you are less likely to be asked to take the next flight. Even if it s just a free frequent flier card that you never use, it might save you from being asked to leave.

For passengers looking to take advantage of the budget seats offered, this unspoken ranking and largely unknown class system is important to know. Though companies take great pains to say otherwise, if you paid less, you are not as valued a customer.

Update 3:30p: The post s headline has been updated.

Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Got a tip? Send it to tips@yahoo-inc.com.

Read more:

Subprime auto loans too small to be a big problem, says Dimon

An interesting market sign says private jet sales may be about to take off

Democrats found a way to speak Trump s language

What Trump s intriguing Nafta changes say about his other promises

Facebook s copy of Snap stories is a reminder of a Silicon Valley hard truth

The trick to getting credit card fees waived? Just ask

These two companies lobby to make your taxes way harder

Chase s Sapphire Reserve is very worth it, even with its slashed bonus TS Patents claims Yahoo used patented technology without a license SAN FRANCISCO   A California company is suing Yahoo! Inc. and up to 50 employees of the company, citing alleged patent infringement.

TS Patents LLC filed a complaint on March 29 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the defendants alleging that they infringed several of his technology patents, namely for its Yahoo! Briefcase online features.

According to the complaint, the plaintiff alleges that it suffered damages from having its patents infringed. The plaintiff holds Yahoo responsible because the defendants allegedly continued to use plaintiff's patented technology without a license despite several attempts from the plaintiff to communicate with them.

The plaintiff requests a trial by jury and seeks permanent injunction against the defendant, compensatory damages, treble damages, all legal fees, interest and any other relief as this court deems just. The plaintiff is represented by J. James Li and Tony Abdollahi of Lilaw Inc. in Los Altos.

U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California Case number 3:17-cv-01721-MEJ Will Amazon Prime (AMZN) Users Actually Watch NFL Games? Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN is making serious efforts to drum up some business in the live sports video streaming space.

This is evident from the recent news wherein the NFL granted the online retail giant the rights of streaming live 10 "Thursday Night Football" games to Amazon Prime members. The deal was valued at around $50 million.

However, it must be noted that this is not an exclusive rights package. NFL's big television partners, CBS, NBC and its own NFL Network, will split up coverage of the same 10 games for the traditional broadcast and cable television audience.

Coming to the price performance, over the last one year, shares of Amazon have been steadily treading higher. The stock has returned 50.02% compared with the Electronic Commerce industry's gain of 43.28%.

NFL Games - Perk for the Prime Members

Amazon has been eyeing popular U.S. sports like baseball and basketball but most of the rights have been locked up by major broadcasters through long-term contracts. However, Amazon managed to secure the NFL deal, giving its Prime Members a chance to watch the the upcoming season of NFL live.

Although the NFL deal is of high profile, it will not be easy to assess how valuable it will actually prove to be for Amazon and if it will help in increasing its Prime subscribers? These questions will remain unanswered till the actual figures are out.

Going by last year's numbers, Twitter's TWTR foray into the NFL last year was not quite successful. The company did not report a healthy user growth or revenues as a result of the NFL deal. The average Twitter viewership for the 10 Thursday night games at any given minute was 266,000, compared with 15.8 million on broadcast and cable television.

Moreover, in 2015, Yahoo! Inc. YHOO paid $17 million to live stream NFL games in London. Yahoo's live stream, which played automatically on its homepage, reached an estimated 15.2 million viewers. However, the average viewership per minute was only 2.36 million.

Despite the past numbers not being so great, let us see if Jeff Bezoscanmake more money by offering more content to its Prime members. Movies, TV and now live sports could definitely make Prime a long-term power in the content business given that cable television's viability is declining every day.

Amazon Push in the Media Business

The online retail giant seems poised to keep pushing heavily into the media content business. Amazon already produces its own original television programming, which includes the Emmy Award-winning Transparent. Also, Amazon recently put Hollywood in the spotlight when Manchester by the Sea took home two Oscars.

Amazon's interest in sports goes back a long time. Last year, the company had apparently approached traditional TV networks, seeking game rights. The company has already looked into live rights for the NBA, soccer, surfing and Indian Premier League cricket. The NFL marks a giant win on a small scale. If Amazon can prove the viability of its NFL streaming, then other leagues and live sporting events could soon join the party.

We believe, any live sports streaming offerings will take Amazon Prime one step closer to being a must-have living room feature.

What about the Investors?

The Seattle-based company wants to give its Prime members not only more choices but also more reasons to keep paying the $99 annual fee that includes free two-day shipping, as well as other services.

The NFL is America's highest-grossing sports league, bringing in about billions of revenue every season. Amazon investors will be happy to welcome the cash cow that is American football, as the company will add to its revenue streams.

This deal is most likely going to be good news for Amazon investors in the long-run and will allow the company to further capitalize on its existing users and add new subscribers, expanding its revenue base.

Bottom Line

This plan to own live sports rights appears to be the next step with these global streaming video content services. It makes sense too. To assume that audiences in different countries solely want to watch cinema is incorrect. Getting the right to stream live sports is a smart way of attracting new international members. That said, the content always has to be of high quality in order to stay ahead of its competitors.

Amazon.com, Inc. Price and Consensus

Amazon.com, Inc. Price and Consensus | Amazon.com, Inc. Quote

Amazon currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). A better-ranked stock in the broader technology sector is Mercadolibre, Inc. MELI , sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here .

Listen to all the details of the new Amazon-NFL deal on the latest episode of the Zacks Friday Finish Line:

Zacks' Hidden Trades

While we share many recommendations and ideas with the public, certain moves are hidden from everyone but selected members of our portfolio services. Would you like to peek behind the curtain today and view them? Starting now, for the next month, I invite you to follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time from value to momentum...from stocks under $10 to ETF to option movers...from insider trades to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises (we've called them with 80%+ accuracy). You can even look inside portfolios so exclusive that they are normally closed to new investors. Click here for Zacks' scret trade>>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report AT&T bets on 5G with Straight Path Communications buy for $1.25 billion FILE PHOTO -- An AT&T sign is seen outside a branch in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, U.S., October 24, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo

By Anjali Athavaley

(Reuters) - AT&T Inc (T.N) said on Monday it would buy Straight Path Communications Inc (STRP.A), a holder of licenses to wireless spectrum, for $1.25 billion in an all-stock deal as it aims to accumulate the airwaves it needs for a next generation network.

The deal shows how wireless carriers may be increasingly willing to pay lofty prices for assets they view as critical to 5G, which is expected to boast higher speeds and more capacity.

The network is widely considered to be a multibillion dollar opportunity, and wireless carriers do not have many acquisition targets that would give them the type of spectrum they need in preparation for the roll out. Straight Path is one of the largest holders of 28 GHz and 39 GHz millimeter wave spectrum used in mobile communications.

The No.2 U.S. wireless carrier said it would offer $95.63 per share, a premium of 162.1 percent over Straight Path's close on Friday. Straight Path's shares rose to $91.32 in afternoon trade, while AT&T's shares were marginally lower.

Millimeter wave spectrum is expected to play a large role in 5G networks. Both AT&T and rival Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) have been conducting 5G trials. Verizon is testing a 5G fixed wireless service with equipment maker Ericsson in 11 markets in the U.S. and expects a commercial launch as early as 2018. Meanwhile, AT&T said earlier this year that it had successfully completed tests with Nokia [NOKI.UL] that delivered its streaming video service DirecTV Now over a 5G connection using millimeter wave technology.

Earlier this year, AT&T said it was acquiring privately held FiberTower and its millimeter wave spectrum rights. It expects that deal to close by next January.

In February, Verizon Communications, the No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier, said it had closed on its acquisition of XO Communications' fiber-optic network business for about $1.8 billion, giving it access to millimeter wave spectrum.

Between FiberTower and Straight Path, AT&T should have a similar amount of spectrum as Verizon if not more, said Wells Fargo analyst Jennifer Fritzsche, in a note on Monday.

Shares of other telecom companies rose after the news as investors expect a wave of mergers and acquisitions in the sector this year. Dish Network Corp (DISH.O), which has been amassing wireless spectrum licenses, was up 1.9 percent to $63.75 in afternoon trading.

Dish as well as Ligado Networks, the wireless satellite venture awaiting approval from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to allow it to use its spectrum for 5G purposes, are considered potential acquisition targets by industry analysts. Ligado is working with financial advisers to explore strategic alternatives, sources told Reuters in March.

Straight Path had said in January it was hiring investment bank Evercore Partners to help explore strategic alternatives, including a sale of assets.

The company had also agreed in January to pay the FCC $15 million to settle a federal probe of claims that it had submitted false data to renew airwave licenses.

The tax-free deal, valued at $1.6 billion in total, includes liabilities and amounts to be remitted to the FCC, according to the January settlement terms. It is expected to close within a year, pending FCC review.

The deal with AT&T is supported by Straight Path's majority shareholder, Howard Jonas, who has entered into a voting agreement with the carrier in support of the transaction.

Evercore advised Straight Path on the deal and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP provided legal counsel, while AT&T was advised by Moelis & Co and Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP.





(Additional reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru and Liana Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Bernard Orr) Eaton and Cummins Inc. Announce Joint Venture for Automated Transmissions for ... COLUMBUS, Ind. & DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

Power management company Eaton (ETN) and global power leader Cummins Inc. (CMI) today announced an agreement to form a joint venture for automated transmissions for heavy-duty and medium-duty commercial vehicles. The joint venture will be named Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission Technologies.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170410005628/en/

Cummins and Eaton will each own 50 percent of the new joint venture. The formation of the joint venture is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. The parties expect the transaction to close in the third quarter of 2017. Cummins will consolidate joint venture results as part of its Components business segment.

 Customers are focused on powertrain solutions that provide the best combination of technology, performance and quality,  said Craig Arnold, Eaton chairman and chief executive officer.  Our joint venture with Cummins will leverage the technical strengths and experience of two industry leaders with long histories and deep industry expertise to provide superior automated transmission technology for our global customers. 

 Our growth strategy includes expanding our product offerings and extending our global footprint by becoming the world s leading powertrain supplier,  said Tom Linebarger, chairman and CEO, Cummins Inc.  Our JV with Eaton will deliver the most advanced automated transmissions and develop an integrated powertrain and service network that supports our customers like never before. Just as we've done for the past 100 years, we will use our experience in partnerships and technological expertise to ensure our customers' success. 

The global joint venture will provide customers with industry-leading transmission technologies and solutions that deliver best-in-class fuel efficiency, performance and uptime while leveraging both Cummins  and Eaton s global service and support networks. The joint venture will design, assemble, sell and support all future medium-duty and heavy-duty automated transmissions for the commercial vehicle market. Eaton s current medium-duty automated transmission, Procision , and next generation heavy-duty automated transmissions, will be part of the joint venture. In addition, the joint venture will market, sell, and support Eaton s current generation of automated heavy-duty transmissions to OEM customers in North America.

Eaton s Vehicle Group will retain its global manual transmission business, global clutch business, current generation medium-duty and heavy-duty automated transmission business outside of North America, global aftermarket business, light-duty transmission business, agricultural transmission business, and global automotive business and associated product lines.

Under the terms of the agreement, Eaton will receive $600 million in cash from Cummins for 50 percent interest in the joint venture.

Conference Call with Eaton Management at 1:00 p.m. Eastern, April 10, 2017

Eaton s conference call to discuss the joint venture is available to all interested parties as a live audio webcast today at 1 p.m. United States Eastern time via a link on the center of Eaton s home page. This news release can be accessed under its headline on the home page. An audio replay of the webcast will be available at the same link.

Cummins leadership will comment further on the joint venture and answer investor questions during its Q1 2017 Earnings call on May 2 at 10 a.m. ET.

About Eaton

Eaton is a power management company with 2016 sales of $19.7 billion. We provide energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton is dedicated to improving the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. Eaton has approximately 95,000 employees and sells products to customers in more than 175 countries. For more information, visit Eaton.com.

About Cummins

Cummins Inc., a global power leader, is a corporation of complementary business segments that design, manufacture, distribute and service diesel and natural gas engines and related technologies, including fuel systems, controls, air handling, filtration, emission solutions and electrical power generation systems. Headquartered in Columbus, Indiana, (USA) Cummins currently employs approximately 55,400 people worldwide and serves customers in approximately 190 countries and territories through a network of approximately 600 company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately 7,400 dealer locations. Cummins earned $1.39 billion on sales of $17.5 billion in 2016. Press releases can be found on the Web at www.cummins.com. Follow Cummins on Twitter at www.twitter.com/cummins and on YouTube at www.youtube.com/cumminsinc.

Read More Inventergy Global, Inc. announces Pabellon, Inc.'s sale of prototype ... CAMPBELL, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 10, 2017) - Inventergy Global, Inc. ( NASDAQ : INVT ), an intellectual property licensing company, announced today that Pabellon, Inc., one of the new partners of Inventergy Innovations, LLC, Inventergy's subsidiary, has developed prototype demonstration units for an automotive parts supplier for advanced automotive applications. These demonstration units, which were funded by the automotive parts supplier, provide cars with wireless charging, sensing, data and security application functions and are being evaluated for future inclusion in smart vehicles.

Pabellon's prototype demonstration units incorporate its breakthrough Surface Plane Magnetic Technology  that enables wireless charging, sensing, and data collection, all of which are key elements in the development of future automotive applications.

Joe Beyers, CEO of Inventergy commented, "Pabellon is now heavily engaged with a large multi-national company, further proving the significant value opportunity we create for our partners through a unique monetization model that can quickly provide commercialization opportunities on a much larger scale. We will continue to seek opportunities with targeted investment, shorter time for execution, lower up-front capital outlays and lower operating costs, which we believe will allow us to generate higher returns that can expand our revenue opportunities for our stakeholders."

"We believe that Pabellon's technology can remove barriers impairing the conventional wireless power transfer industry, to enable multi-industry solutions. Pabellon's patented technology opens up unprecedented connectivity for non-radiative power, data and sensing applications," stated Ken Cannizzaro, President of Inventergy Innovations. "The market opportunity for this technology is growing rapidly in a number of potential large market segments."

"We are excited about delivering these units in high value applications that validate our innovative technology," said Alex Rubin, CEO and Founder of Pabellon. "We are also delighted with our engagement with Inventergy. They have helped us to enrich and enhance our IP protection, and refine and focus our value proposition, leading up to this exciting new engagement."

About Inventergy Global, Inc.

Inventergy Global, Inc. is a Silicon Valley-based intellectual property company dedicated to identifying, acquiring and licensing patented technologies of market-significant technology leaders. Led by IP industry pioneer and veteran Joe Beyers, the Company leverages decades of corporate experience, market and technology expertise, and industry connections to assist Fortune 500 and other technology companies in leveraging the value of their innovations to achieve greater returns. For more information about Inventergy, visit www.inventergy.com.

About Pabellon, Inc.

Pabellon's technology enables connector-less, wireless power /data transfer and remote sensing applications for mobile, IoT (Internet of Things) and lighting applications. Pabellon's Surface Plane Magnetic Technology  sends an oscillating magnetic field along the surface of objects such as desks, walls, pipes and fabrics to miniaturized receiver devices that can extract power and data. Disturbances in the field are detectable by the receiver devices, enabling sensory applications such as human presence detection and touch-free controls.

Pabellon's technology is aimed at the markets for wearables, intrusion detection, automotive and lighting, which each offers multiple billion dollar addressable markets. According to research firm MarketsandMarkets, the wearable technology market is expected to reach $31.3 billion by 2020, at a CAGR of 17.8% between 2015 and 2020. MarketsandMarkets reported that the global intrusion detection system/intrusion prevention (IDS/IPS) security market was estimated at $2.7 billion in 2014 and is expected to grow to $5.0 billion by 2019.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements, estimates, forecasts and projections with respect to future performance and events, which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Those statements include statements regarding the intent and belief or current expectations of the Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries and their respective management teams. These statements may be identified by the use of words like "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "will," "should," "seek" and similar expressions and include any projections or estimates set forth herein. Investors and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Hub Group, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Expectations OAK BROOK, Ill., April 10, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Hub Group, Inc. (HUBG) announced today that, based on information known as of the date of this release, it expects diluted earnings per share for the first quarter ending March 31, 2017 to be in the range of 30 cents to 32 cents per share. The expected earnings include one-time costs of approximately $1.5 million or $0.03 per share, for due diligence and severance expenses.



The primary factor affecting earnings in the first quarter lies within our intermodal business line. We are experiencing a soft pricing environment due primarily to excess truck capacity and extraordinarily aggressive intermodal pricing. This is evident in a highly competitive bid season that is about 27% complete. The majority of our intermodal business reprices every year. When we released our 2016 year end results, we anticipated that intermodal pricing would begin to rise in 2017. Instead we are seeing greater downward pressure on intermodal pricing.

On the positive side, our truck brokerage and Unyson Logistics business lines continue to outperform last year. Hub segment truck brokerage revenue is expected to increase between 30% and 32% year-over-year in the first quarter. Unyson s pipeline is exceeding the growth levels we experienced in 2016. We expect Unyson revenue to be up between 20% and 22% year-over-year in the first quarter. These results confirm our strategy to diversify our product offerings.

 We believe the current intermodal pricing environment is an aberration that will improve as truck capacity becomes tighter and pricing becomes more rational. Intermodal will always be a major part of Hub s business. But through diversification, the inevitable cyclical rise and fall of intermodal prices will have less of an impact on earnings,  said Dave Yeager, Hub s Chairman and CEO.  We are working diligently to further diversify our product offerings through acquisitions. 

While we are intensifying our cost containment efforts, we will continue to make strategic investments in technology and people to strengthen our competitive position in the market.

FIRST QUARTER EXPECTATIONS

We expect revenue will increase between 10% and 12% in the first quarter compared to last year.

Projected gross margin will decrease between $6.7 million and $7.1 million driven by a decline in intermodal margin, partly offset by an increase in truck brokerage and logistics gross margin.

Estimated operating expenses will range between $84.2 million and $84.6 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.

We believe our effective tax rate will be approximately 37%.

FULL-YEAR 2017 OUTLOOK

We expect that our full-year 2017 diluted earnings per share will range from $1.60 to $1.80.

We intend to release first quarter earnings after the market closes on April 26, 2017.

CERTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: Statements in this press release that are not historical, including statements about Hub Group's or management's earnings guidance, intentions, beliefs, expectations, representations, projections, plans or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and subject to risks, and should be viewed with caution. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as  expects ,  expected ,  believe ,  projected ,  estimate , or similar words, and are based on management's experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, and anticipated future developments, as well as other factors believed to be appropriate. We believe these statements and the assumptions and estimates contained in this release are reasonable based on information that is currently available to us. Such statements should be viewed with caution. Actual results or experience could differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include intermodal costs, intermodal prices (including the timing of any changes), the timing of any acquisitions and expenses relating thereto, the future performance of Hub s Truck Brokerage and Unyson Logistics business lines, the future performance of Mode, the amount and timing of strategic investments by Hub, the shipping volumes, anticipated intermodal margins, the amount and timing of operating expenses and the factors listed from time to time in Hub Group's SEC reports including, but not limited to, the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Hub Group assumes no liability to update any such forward-looking statements. GlobalSCAPE, Inc. Awarded 5-Star Rating in CRN's 2017 Partner Program Guide ... SAN ANTONIO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

GlobalSCAPE, Inc. (NYSE MKT: GSB), a pioneer and worldwide leader in the secure and reliable exchange of business information, announced today that CRN   , a brand of The Channel Company, has given the Company a 5-Star rating in its 2017 Partner Program Guide. This annual guide is the definitive listing of partner programs from technology vendors that provide products and services through the IT channel. The 5-Star Partner Program Guide rating recognizes an elite subset of companies that offer solution providers the best partnering elements in their channel programs. The Globalscape Partner Program has achieved this rating for the third consecutive year.

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170410005793/en/

The Globalscape Partner Program is an essential piece of the Company s growth strategy. Architected to build productive and impactful global partnerships, the Globalscape Partner Program strives to benefit partners in four key areas: flexibility, efficiency, communication, and recognition. Key components of the program that have been enhanced or introduced this past year include tiered discount structures, expanded library of on-demand training and resources, and self-service product demo opportunities offered through the partner portal.

To determine the 2017 5-Star ratings, The Channel Company s research team assessed each vendor s partner program based on investments in program offerings, partner profitability, partner training, education and support, marketing programs and resources, sales support, and communication.

Supporting Quotes:

Dan Burke, Vice President of Worldwide Sales at Globalscape

 The CRN 5-Star Partner Program Guide is one of the most prestigious channel honors that you can be given. It s an indication of those organizations who create empowering and efficient programs for their partners. Earning a 5-Star rating from the respected researchers and industry experts at The Channel Company is a nod to the tireless work of Globalscape s channel team and our network of excellent partners around the world. We are honored to be selected for this distinction for a third year in a row. 

Robert Faletra, CEO of The Channel Company

 For solution providers, finding the right technology vendors to partner with is crucial to the health of their business, and the vast array of choices can be overwhelming. Our annual Partner Program Guide and 5-Star ratings help them narrow the field, identifying the most rewarding partner programs and outlining their strengths and benefits. 

The 2017 Partner Program Guide will be featured in the April issue of CRN and online at www.CRN.com/ppg.

About Globalscape

GlobalSCAPE, Inc. (NYSE MKT: GSB) is a pioneer in the reliable exchange of mission-critical business data and intellectual property. Globalscape s leading enterprise suite of solutions delivers military-proven security for achieving best-in-class control and visibility of data across multiple locations. Founded in 1996, Globalscape s software and services are trusted by tens of thousands of customers worldwide, including global enterprises, governments, and small and medium enterprises. For more information, visit www.globalscape.com or follow the blog and Twitter updates.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words "would," "exceed," "should," "anticipates," "believe," "steady," "dramatic," "expect," and variations of such words and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, but their absence does not mean that a statement is not a forward-looking statement. These forward-looking statements are based upon the Company s current expectations and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements are risks that are detailed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2016 fiscal year, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2017.

Read More 
2017-04-05
Oath Is The New Entity That Will Run Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO), AOL, Sources Say At this particular moment, Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE:VZ) is still making efforts to complete the $US4.5 billion ($A5.9 billion) acquisition of Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO).There has been quite high talk in the air in the recent past with a lot of people talking about its decision and effort to dedicate its AOL operations to meld the much troubled internet company.

As a matter of fact, it is nothing unusual considering that most of the high end companies are usually making huge decisions to either save the company or to help it move towards the right direction and that of course refers to the achievement of great success.

Going by some of the top and trusted sources, Oath may soon be overseeing the completion of the deal. One interesting thing and which at the same time a lot of people are waiting to see how things play out in that regard is about the way the Yahoo and AOL brands will survive.

It was quite frustrating to some after Verizon showed reluctance in giving any leading details to clear the air around the matter as to what exactly were its plans in regard to Oath. However, there is some light at the end of the tunnel considering that this summer it might have something tangible to tell the concerned parties.

The passage of time is carrying along numerous important revelations and the latest one in that regard was the tweet posted on Monday by AOL s top executive, Tim Armstrong. The top executive tweeted revealing that the underlying plans by oath which was preparing to manage about 20 different brands. As a matter of fact this was a good way to go provided the plans played out perfectly well.

According to a number of Verizon s top analysts, the company is investing much hope in the idea that combination of Yahoo and AOL might be the solution it needed to break through and become an industry leader.

This is not in anyway ruling out the fact that the two internet pioneers have in the recent past had to deal with much trouble in the past; however, it hopes the combination will go along way towards helping it sell more digital ads.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of journaltranscript.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to:

https://www.journaltranscript.com/disclaimer AOL's Armstrong: Some Yahoo brands get focus under Oath combo While Yahoo (YHOO +0.7% ) is joining in taking an Oath along with Verizon (VZ +0.1% ) media assets when the two companies are largely combined, key Yahoo brands will leverage existing equity and live on, says Tim Armstrong.

"The Oath brand is a brand that stays behind the scenes," says the AOL chief. "The real brands that we're going to be promoting are things like Yahoo, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Sports, TechCrunch, Huffington Post."

Yahoo product users will get to keep using them, but likely see more Verizon cross-promotion, he says. Oh, and they'll have to change passwords more often. An investment in a "much deeper level of security" has already been approved.

The combined subscriber bases of Verizon and AOL/Yahoo could make the company the third-biggest player in targeted advertising, says Everest Group's Jimit Arora. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) closed its previous trading session at $46.44 Straight Path Communications Inc. (STRP) Straight Path Communications Inc. (STRP) is currently trading with the volume of 4.37 Million. The Stock opened today s session at... Average Brokerage Rating Of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) dropped -0.43% to $46.23. During the trading on 04/04/2017, Company s stock ranged from $46.47 to $46.12.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 53.58 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) stock have an ABR of 2.29. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 0.08 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $47.19. The stock was trading on below-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 4.76 million shares. The share price is now up 18.84% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 1.64% above its 50-day moving average and 10.20% above its 200-day moving average.

On 04/04/2017 close, QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE:QEP) rose 0.23% to $12.88. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $3.23B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $20.89 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume above than average, QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE:QEP) previous 52-week high was $21.12 and moved down -3.81% over the same period, trading at a volume of 5.73 million. Shares have dropped -32.21% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading -14.22% below its SMA 50 and -26.26% below its SMA 200. In Good Financial Health?   Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are on a recovery track as they have regained 31.9% since bottoming out at $35.05 on Jun. 27, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.73% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 19.55% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -2.03% from $47.19 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 26.97% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s shares projecting a $47.63 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

YHOO s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 0.7% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 15.4% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Yahoo! Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at -11.08%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 15.55%, and the sector s average is 4.61%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -7.82% since hitting a peak level of $119 on Jan. 03, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -3.99% in the past one month, the stock price is now with underperforming -6.8% so far on the year   still in weak zone. In this case, shares are 22.42% higher from $92.82, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Apr. 05, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 8.15% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $108.66, CVX has a chance to add $18.11 or 16.67% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($126.77) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.1 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.23 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Chevron Corporation s EPS growth has been nearly -15.1%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 61.3%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Chevron Corporation s ROE is -0.33%, while industry s is 9.18%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 9.95%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. CVX s ROA is -0.16%, while industry s average is 3.93%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 5.86. Successful Earnings Option Trading: Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) 

Successful Earnings Option Trading: Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO)

Yahoo! Inc, YHOO, earnings, short put

Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) : Option Trading Short Puts and Earnings

2017-04-5

As we look at Yahoo! Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings. This is a risky strategy, but there is a clever way to reduce risk.





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

short 30 Delta Put * Trade Frequency: 30 Days * Back-test length: three-years * Always Avoid Earnings

Gross Gain: $1,838 Gross Loss: -$811 Wins: 32 Losses: 7

Short Put Return: 119.1% Stock Return: 40.3% Option Out-performance 78.8%

119.1%.

short 30 Delta Put * Trade Frequency: 30 Days * Back-test length: three-years * Only Trade Earnings

Gross Gain: $401 Gross Loss: -$222 Wins: 9 Losses: 3

Short Put Return: 17.2%

There's actually ainvolved in successful option trading than many people realize. We'll get specific with short puts on YHOO. Let's look at a three-year back-test of a short put strategy with these quick guidelines:* We'll test monthly options (roll the trade every 30-days).* We will* We will examine an out of the money put -- in this case, 30 delta.* We will test this short put looking back at three-years of history.What we want to impress upon you is how easy this is with the right tools. Just tap the appropriate settings.Now we can peruse the results.If we did this 30 delta short put in Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) over the last three-years butwe get these findings:First we note that the short put strategy actually produced119.1% versus 40.3% or a 78.8% out-performance.Selling a put every 30-days in YHOO has been a pretty substantial winner over the last three-years returningEven better, the strategy has outperformed the short put that was held during earnings. Let's turn to that piece, now.Just doing our first step, which was to evaluate the short put while avoiding earnings is clever -- certainly an analysis that gets us ahead of most casual option traders. But let's take the analysis even further.This time, we will do the exact same back-test, but we will only look at earnings. Specifically, we will short the put two-days before earnings, let earnings happen, then close the option position two-days after earnings.Here are those results for the same 30 delta short put:While Selling an uncovered put in Yahoo! Inc during earnings did prove to be a winner, more importantly, itthan the same short put that avoided earnings. While this clever use of avoiding earnings has outperformed the short put that was held during earnings, there's a bigger picture here. Let's turn to that piece, now.

Moving through the analysis on Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) has done more than show us returns, it has revealed that the concept of expertise in options has been made made overly complex. The point is simple: having the knowledge before placing a trade shapes the thought process about what to trade, when to trade it and even if the trade is worth it at all. Here's how all this works in real-life, beyond Yahoo! Inc and short puts. William Griffin, EVP   Field Operations of Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Just ...  Canadian court delays decision on bail for Yahoo hacking suspect April 5 A Canadian court postponed making a decision on whether to grant bail to Karim Baratov, who was arrested in March on U.S. charges that he was involved in a massive hack of Yahoo email accounts, CBC reported Wednesday.

Baratov's lawyer requested that his client be released on bail, promising that he would remain at his parents' home in Hamilton, Ontario. The prosecutor argued the 22-year-old Kazakh-Canadian citizen was a flight risk and a threat to public safety.

Judge Alan Whitten said he would hold off on ruling until Tuesday, following a full-day hearing and private meeting with attorneys, according to a report on the website of Canadian public broadcaster CBC.

The United States has asked Canada to extradite Baratov to face charges that Russian intelligence agents paid him to break into email accounts, resulting in the 2014 theft of some 500 million Yahoo Inc YHOO.O accounts. (Reporting by Anna Mehler Paperny and Jim Finkle in Toronto; Editing by Alistair Bell) Stocks for you to follow - Twilio Inc (NYSE:TWLO), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) On Tuesday, Twilio Inc (NYSE:TWLO) s stock was trading -4.95% lower at $27.27 with a total trading volume of 3.75 million shares. The 52-week range of the stock is $23.66 to $70.96. Shares of the Company were trading below their 50-day moving average by -11.53%. The stock has a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 31.28.

JMP Securities reiterates Outperform rating, $37 PT. This price target represents a 28.16% upside over the stock s previous closing price of $28.87.

William Blair reiterates Outperform rating. Stock price at the time of this analyst call was $28.87.

Twilio Inc s consensus price target is around $39.45 a share. The stock s price-to-book ratio is 4.40.

Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) declined -0.43%, trading last session at $46.23 with a total trading volume of 4.75 million shares. The stock has gained 1.29% in the past month, 18.84% in the previous three months, and 19.55% on an YTD basis. The Company s shares were trading 1.64% above their 50-day moving average and 10.20% above their 200-day moving average. Moreover, Shares of YHOO has an RSI of 53.58.

According to sources, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will not be continuing with the new company that was declared recently prematurely in a tweet by AOL CEO Tim Armstrong. The new Verizon-owned entity is called Oath   we ll get to mocking that name later in the post   and is the combination of AOL and Yahoo.

It will be headed by Armstrong, who is now apparently Oath-in-Chief.

Terms of Mayer s departure are still being worked through, but her not staying on is not much of a surprise. It will be interesting to see if she gets the full payout she is owed   tens of millions in severance and other kinds of remuneration that CEOs get larded into their contracts   after the recent hacking disaster and the general downturn in Yahoo s business during her four-year tenure. (Source: Recode)

Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. For the same period, its EPS moved at an average growth rate of -17.90%. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.42. Quality Ideas in Trending Stocks Space: Nutanix, Inc. (NTNX), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Nutanix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTNX) shares ended at $17.65 with 4.81 mln shares exchanging hands. That puts the market capitalization at $2.48 bln. It opened the session with a $18.2 price tag, later ranging from $17.065 to $18.24, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly -62.27% off versus the 52-week high and -2.38% away from the 52-week low. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 140.37 mln.

Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $30.94 on the shares of Nutanix, Inc. (NTNX). The consensus rating is 2.4, suggesting the market has given up on the stock. It has been assigned a low target price of $16 and a high target price of $42.

The current price is staying below the SMA lines which signify weakens and is generally unhealthy/negative and may provide the momentum for driving the share price lower. Current price places the company s stock -37.71% away from its 200-day simple moving average, -32.63%, away from the 50-day average and also -12.01% away from 20-day average.

For this year, Nutanix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTNX) is performing -33.55%. Over the past five trading sessions it is -11.4%; -17.18% for the month; -32.92% for the last quarter; -60.3% for the past six-months; and 0% for the last 12 months. The last close places the company s stock about $29.13 off its 52 week high of $46.78 and $0.58 above the 52 week low of $17.07.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) closed down -0.2 points or -0.43% at $46.23 with 4.76 mln shares exchanging hands. Current price level places the company s stock about -2.03% from the 52-week high and 31.9% away from the 52-week low. Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $47.95 on the company shares. The consensus rating is 2.4, suggesting the market has given up on the stock. It has been assigned a low target price of $41 and a high target price of $57.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) opened the session with a $46.3 price tag, later ranging from $46.12 to $46.47, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly $0.89 off versus the 52-week high of $47.19 and $11.25 above the 52-week low of $35.05. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 959.77 mln. The current price change puts the market capitalization at $44.37 bln.

In an overview of the current analyst recommendations, Buy count is 9 and Overweight is 1 while the number of analysts recommending Sell and Underweight are 0 and 0, respectively. Also, the Hold rating count is 16 as of 04/04/17. The analyst recommendations from a month ago are 9 Buy, 1 Overweight, 0 Sell, 18 Hold and 0 Underweight. Investors might also notice that three month ago the Buy recommendations (8) outnumbered Sell recommendations (0). The count of Hold ratings in that period was 16.

Over the past five trading sessions shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are -0.73%; 1.29% for the month; 18.84% for the last quarter; 7.19% for the past six-months; and 26.97% for the last 12 months. The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 10.2% away from its 200-day simple moving average, 1.64%, away from the 50-day average and also -0.24% away from 20-day average. The stock is performing 19.55% year to date. Subprime auto are too small to be a big problem, says JP Morgan's Dimon Subprime loan delinquencies in the auto loan industry have triggered flashbacks of the financial crisis and Great Recession, and murmurs of concern have been growing louder. But at a joint town hall event put on by JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Yahoo Finance, JPMorgan Chase s CEO Jamie Dimon gave a calming perspective when asked by an MBA student about potential bubbles forming in the markets. The exchange occurred about an hour and ten minutes into the video above.

 There s a problem with subprime auto, which we see,  said Dimon, whose bank offers auto lending through its consumer banking division.  But subprime auto is so small relative to the US debt market it won t make a difference to the system. 

According to Q4 2016 data from Experian, the subprime and deep subprime loans make up just a hair under 20% of the automotive finance market, up slightly from the 19% at the end of 2014. Current data shows delinquencies at 2.85% on auto loans, up from 2.62% a year earlier for 30-day delinquencies. For 60-day delinquencies, the rates had risen from 0.50% to 0.69% from Q4 2015 to Q4 2016. However, the trends haven t even always been downward throughout this period.

View photos Subprime and deep subprime make up around 20% of auto loans. Source: Experian More

Whether these are meaningful increases or are relatively flat, Dimon and many other analysts are clear-headed: A problem may be coming, but not for the overall economy. Unlike mortgages, auto loans make up a small portion of the debt market.

View photos Car loans don t make up much of debt markets. Source: Federal Reserve Bank of New York More

A look at Federal Reserve data shows a remarkable difference between these two sectors. Mortgages make up around two-thirds of the market and auto loans are a slim 9%. In Dimon s view, if the domino falls, it s essentially going to fall against a wall.  It will cause issues somewhere but it won t be a problem,  he said.

Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Got a tip? Send it to tips@yahoo-inc.com.

Read more:

An interesting market sign says private jet sales may be about to take off

Democrats found a way to speak Trump s language

What Trump s intriguing Nafta changes say about his other promises

Facebook s copy of Snap stories is a reminder of a Silicon Valley hard truth

The trick to getting credit card fees waived? Just ask

These two companies lobby to make your taxes way harder

Chase s Sapphire Reserve is very worth it, even with its slashed bonus 
2017-04-02
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) & Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) News Buzz  
2017-04-01
Stocks: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by Wealthfront Inc. Wealthfront Inc. increased its stake in shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 14,909 shares of the digital content provider s stock after buying an additional 71 shares during the period. Wealthfront Inc. s holdings in Yahoo! were worth $577,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.

A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP bought a new stake in Yahoo! during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,456,000. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in Yahoo! during the fourth quarter valued at about $213,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Yahoo! during the fourth quarter valued at about $259,119,000. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. bought a new stake in Yahoo! during the fourth quarter valued at about $27,374,000. Finally, Numeric Investors LLC bought a new stake in Yahoo! during the fourth quarter valued at about $464,000. 78.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.

Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) opened at 46.78 on Thursday. The stock s market capitalization is $44.74 billion. Yahoo! Inc. has a 12-month low of $35.05 and a 12-month high of $47.19. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $45.90 and a 200 day moving average of $42.81.

Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) last issued its earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The digital content provider reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters  consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $960.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts  expectations of $1.38 billion. Yahoo! had a negative net margin of 4.15% and a positive return on equity of 0.65%. The firm s revenue was down 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.13 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Yahoo! Inc. will post $0.68 EPS for the current fiscal year.

Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Yahoo! from a  buy  rating to a  hold  rating in a research report on Tuesday. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $53.00 price objective on shares of Yahoo! and gave the company a  buy  rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $52.00 price objective on shares of Yahoo! and gave the company a  neutral  rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Vetr cut shares of Yahoo! from a  hold  rating to a  sell  rating and set a $44.55 price objective for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a  hold  rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Yahoo! in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-one have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company s stock. The company has an average rating of  Hold  and an average price target of $44.71.

In related news, CRO Lisa Utzschneider sold 683 shares of the firm s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.72, for a total value of $26,445.76. Following the sale, the executive now owns 584,922 shares of the company s stock, valued at $22,648,179.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 2,987 shares of company stock worth $126,722. 9.20% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.

Yahoo! Company Profile

Yahoo! Inc (Yahoo), along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in digital information discovery. The Company s segments include the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. The Company focuses on informing, connecting and entertaining its users with its search (Yahoo search), communications, including Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger, and digital content products, including Tumblr, and its four verticals, such as Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Lifestyle.

Want to see what other hedge funds are holding YHOO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). 
2017-04-09
Accused Yahoo hacker had Lamborghini, Aston Martin at 22 A Canadian accused of hacking Yahoo Inc. email accounts on behalf of the Russian government appeared in court seeking bail ahead of a hearing to determine whether he should be extradited to the U.S. for trial.

Karim Baratov, 22, was one of four people indicted by the U.S. government last month and charged with working for Dmitry Dokuchaev, a hacker for Russia's FSB security service. It's not clear whether Baratov knew he was working for the FSB.

The 2014 hack affected at least 500 million accounts at Yahoo, damaging the company's reputation and threatening a takeover bid from Verizon Communications Inc. Verizon cut its offer by $350 million to $4.48 billion following news of the breach.

Baratov, who was born in Kazakhstan and is a Canadian citizen, entered court in Hamilton, Ontario, wearing black sweatpants, black T-shirt, with his ankles chained. He put on a beige blazer as he sat down in the prisoner's box.

He told the court he lived with his parents until 2015. He said he had a Mercedes and a BMW while attending high school and started his own business protecting web servers from hackers in 2014. He said earned C$10,000 ($7,500) a month that year, less in the ensuing years.

At 20, Baratov said he moved into a C$642,000 home, and over time added a C$155,000 Lamborghini, a Porsche 911, an Aston Martin and another BMW to his car collection. His parents helped pay for the cars, he said.

Baratov said he had about C$260,000 of equity in his home when it was sold following his arrest. Baratov said he had no money in his personal bank account and about C$5,000 in his business bank account when he was arrested. Police found about C$31,000 in cash when they searched his home.

According to the U.S. government, Baratov was paid to gain access to 80 email accounts, including 50 Google accounts, belonging to Russian politicians and bureaucrats. He used spear-phishing attacks to target his victims, using fake emails to compel them to provide sensitive information, and would then sell their passwords to Dokuchaev for $100 each, according to the Justice Department.

The hackers were allegedly looking for people of political interest and others who might be vulnerable to financial fraud, and the list of victims included the White House and its military and diplomatic corps. They ultimately stole the contents of 6,500 Yahoo accounts in an attack the company called "state-sponsored."

The U.S. government is seeking to seize assets he is alleged to have obtained through illegal activity, including his black Mercedes Benz C54 and Aston Martin DBS.

Baratov's father offered to put up C$845,000 equity in his home, saying it represented his life's savings.

"It's not a risk," the father, Akhmet Tokbergenov, told the judge. "It's a great desire on my part and my wife's part to help him." A New Kind of Stock Chart: Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Critical Pivot Points 

A New Kind of Stock Chart: Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Critical Pivot Points



2017-04-9

This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) .





There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified. Tap Here to learn about CML's Famed Top Picks. There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified.

Current Price $46.44 Technical Support $46.23 Technical Resistance $46.78 52 Week Low $35.05 10-day Moving Average $46.45 50-day Moving Average $45.67 200-day Moving Average $42.13 52 Week High $47.19

The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year. Here are the pivots, starting with the tightest measures of support and resistance, and then moving to the various moving averages and annual range.

Yahoo! Inc Pivot Points Scatterplot ( a new stock chart, built for traders )

green

red

blue

Next we move to a graphical representation of the critical technical pivot points.You can hover over the points to see the actual prices.Thepivot point to the far right is the 52 week high.Thepivot point to the far left is the 52 week low.Thepivot point is the current stock price.The three pivot points in the middle represent the moving averages.The nextpivot point isThe nextpivot point isThis is a new kind of stock chart   one built for traders that bypasses the weaknesses of only looking at a time series as it shortens the time to conclusion about a stock's critical technical position.  Look how easily we can see that the current price (the blue points) isall of the purple dots, which are the 200-, 50- and 10-day moving averages, respectively, pointing to the proximity of the next critical pivot point.  The stock price isthe 200-day moving average  The stock price isthe 50-day moving average  The stock price isthe 10-day moving averageThis scatterplot for Yahoo! Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) , with the technical pivot points marked as points in timea time series, is the next evolution of stock chart.You can get this same chart for any stock here: 
2017-04-03
The Bears And Bulls Square Off On Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we ve been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment. The best way to gauge the future price movement of a stock is to look at historical chart data and map a course for the future. Gathering this data is best done by combing through the technical data and a mix of indicators.

Recent trading for (YHOO) has highlighted key trends upon which sound decisions can be based. The levels established for its relative 50 and 200 SMAs have suggested that the current trend is bullish. The current trend established by the SMAs also highlight the level of investor interest as the stock makes its way across varying levels of risk and upside potential. This has further created a general positive trading atmosphere. Current trends have also fed into volume levels which have seen weak buying and selling sentiments, reflecting the general indifference of interested parties across the broadest trading and investing spectrum. Combined these sentiment-based indicators and trends point to potential deeper impacts on cross-related technical factors capable of influencing overall upside.

The deeper test for the directional thrust of a stock is measured through two very important indicators: Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures. Both indicators offer up the distilled wisdom of whether the stock is oversold or overbought, i.e. are the sellers dominating activities, or are the buyers doping the bulk of the movement. For (YHOO) the 14-day RSI is 55.60% this indicates that on the balance of traditional RSI measures, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture offers up another powerful indicator of potential price movement for (YHOO). Stochastic data amassed over the past 30 days highlights a score of 67.41%. This indicates that the stock is neither overbought or oversold at current levels.

Other indicators often come into play when a trading professional is looking to cover all bases. Short-term movement for (YHOO) has offered up some interesting dynamics. Its +0.50 price change has produced positive change over the past 30 days. Longer term the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 12.61%. This performance has come on the back of consistently higher daily volatility when matched against other stocks trading on the same exchange. Recent momentum has been largely informed by a historical volatility of 11.43%. This level of volatility is indicative of the speed (rate of change) of the underlying stock price and is therefore a helpful gauge at a glance. The risk-implied volatility is also being showcased via the average true range, currently 1.38. Keep in mind that ATR does not account for price direction therefore professional traders always utilize the price chart in tandem with the ATR indicator. Latest Updates :Yahoo! Inc.'s (YHOO) stock price is Worth at $46.41 while ... Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s Stock Price Update:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) stock price ended its day with loss -0.45% and finalized at the price of $46.41. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 7.81 million shares. The average volume stands around 6.85 million shares. The average numbers of shares are traded in a security per day, during the recent 3-month period. The stock has relative volume of 1.14. Relative volume is ratio between current volume and 3-month average value, intraday adjusted. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is a part of Technology sector and belongs to Internet Information Providers industry.

ATR value of company was 0.61. Average True Range (ATR) is an indicator based on trading ranges smoothed by an N-period exponential moving average percentage of the true range values. ATR can display volatility of stocks, ETFs and indexes. The principal of ATR is very similar to other volatility indicators: A high ATR value signals a possible trend change. A low ATR value correlates with a weaker trend movement.

USA based company, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s latest closing price distance was 10.87% from the average-price of 200 days while it maintained a distance from the 50 Day Moving Average at 2.43% and 0.28% compared with the 20 Day Moving Average.

To review the YHOO previous performance, look at its past history, which highlighted below:

During last 5 trades the stock sticks almost 0.02%.

During last one month it showed the change of 1.02%.

During last 3 month it remained at 20.11%.

During last 12 month it moved at 27.22%.

Along with these its year to date performance is standing at 20.02%.

Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 56.13. The stock volatility for week was 1.16% while for month was 1.25%.The stock, as of last close, traded 32.41% to its 52 week low and was changed -1.65% from its 52 week high. Beta factor, which measures the riskiness of the security, was observed as 1.66. YHOO s value Change from Open was at -0.24% with a Gap of -0.21%.

EPS in next five year years is expected to touch 3.88% while EPS growth in past 5 year was -17.90% along with sales growth of 0.70% in the last five years.

EPS growth in next year is estimated to reach 4.11% while EPS growth estimate for this year is set at 95.10%.

The forward P/E ratio stands at 65.46.

Analysts  mean recommendation for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) stands at 2.40. Rating Scale; where 1.0 rating means Strong Buy, 2.0 rating signify Buy, 3.0 recommendation reveals Hold, 4.0 rating score shows Sell and 5.0 displays Strong Sell signal.

Current Analysts Rating Alert about Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) :

Analysts Rating Review: Analysts play a useful role in our capital markets. For example, by doing in-depth research for their large institutional clients and employers, analysts can help substantial sums of capital be directed to more productive uses in our economy. A  Buy  rating does not mean that every investor should acquire the stock. Nor does a  Sell  rating mean that every investor should immediately sell it. Your own financial situation and investment needs are what matter. If you consider any individual rating, do not views it in absolute or abstract terms, but in the context of your own unique financial situation. In short, whatever a given analyst recommendation may say, always consider whether a particular investment is right for you in light of your own financial circumstances. Remember, you are the boss, it s your money, and your situation and goals that matter. Presently Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) received consensus rating of   Overweight   from analysts, according to FactSet data.  0  suggested  Sell  for the company. The stock has been rated as  Buy  from  9  Analysts .  16  told the company as a  Hold . Overweight rating was given by  1  and Underweight rating was given by  0 . Analysts  recommendations are the fountainhead of equity research reports and should be used in tangent with proprietary research and investment methodologies in order to make investment decisions. Additionally,  buy, hold and sell  recommendation meanings are not as transparent as they first seem; a plethora of terms and variance in meanings exist behind the curtain and serve to muddy the waters. It is thus important to understand a firm s entire scale when assimilating ratings. Stocks in Focus: Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR):

Last Trade:

Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR) ended its previous trading session at $2.58 with the Gain of 3.2%. The company s market cap is $1 Billion, and the average volume is $8.12 Million. The 52-Week High range of the stock is $4.8, while the 52-week low range is $1.95. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Apr 28, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Apr 4, 2016. The Price to Sales (P/S) of the stock is 1.05, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 2.19. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 7.70% whereas Month Volatility is at 6.60%.

For the ongoing Fiscal Quarter, 13 analysts have an average earnings forecast of $0.02 per share. According to the Analysts, the Low Earnings estimate for the current quarter is $-0.01, while the High earnings estimate is $0.04.Comparatively, EPS for the same quarter last year was $-0.01.

According to 9 analysts, the Average Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal quarter is $264.52 Million and the Low Revenue estimate is $247 Million, while the High Revenue estimate is $285.54 Million.

Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR) currently has a High Price Target of $5. The Mean and Low price Targets are $3.13 and $2, respectively. These price targets are a consensus analysis of 13 brokers.

According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Zacks Investment Research for this month, the company has a consensus recommendation of 3.33 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO):

Previous Trade:

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) shares declined -0.45% and ended the day at $46.41. Its 52-week high and low range is between $47.19 and $35.05. The stock has its 52-Week High on Mar 21, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016. The company s outstanding shares are 960.61 Million. The volume of the company in the last trading session was 7.81 Million. The stock has a market cap of 44.58 Billion. The Stock shows P/E value of 0 and Forward P/E of 65.46.

According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at 0.28%, SMA50 is 2.43 percent, while SMA200 is 10.87%. The stock is currently has its Return on Assets (ROA) value of -0.4 Percent. The Return on Investment and Return on Equity (ROE) values are -1.6 percent and -0.7 percent, respectively.

The company s ATR (Average True Range) is 0.61. The Weekly Volatility is 1.16 percent and the Monthly Volatility is 1.25 percent.

When we look at the Analyst Recommendations of the stock, the company has 2.29 rating given by Analysts where 1 stands for Strong Buy and 5 stands for Strong Sell.

The stock has a high price target of $57 according to consensus of 19 analysts. The company has a Low Price Target of $39 and the Mean Target of $47.63, according to the Brokers.

Yahoo! Inc. s Average Earnings Estimate for the current quarter is $0.14, according to consensus of 18 analysts. The low EPS estimate is $0.09, while the high EPS estimate is $0.18.

Average Revenue Estimate of the company for the current Fiscal Quarter is $1.3 Billion, according to consensus of 11 analysts. The higher end of the revenue estimate is $1.34 Billion and the lower end is $1.21 Billion. Stocks in News- FMC Corp (NYSE:FMC), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) On Monday, FMC Corp (NYSE:FMC) s stock is trading 1.03% higher at $70.34 with a total trading volume of 1.93 million shares. The 52-week range of the stock is $36.72 to $72.04. Shares of the Company are trading above their 50-day moving average by 17.45%. The stock has a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 81.20.

FMC Corp s consensus price target is around $63.00 a share. The stock s price-to-book ratio is 4.76 and the forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is 38.68. In the last five years, the company s full-year sales growth remained over 1.60% a year on average and the company s earnings per share moved down by an average rate of -8.60%.

Shares in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) declined -0.24%, trading current session at $46.30 with a total trading volume of 1.70 million shares. The stock has gained 1.02% in the past month, 20.11% in the previous three months, and 20.02% on an YTD basis. The Company s shares are trading 2.17% above their 50-day moving average and 10.67% above their 200-day moving average. Moreover, Shares of YHOO has an RSI of 56.07.

Its sales stood at 0.70% a year on average in the period of last five years. For the same period, its EPS moved at an average growth rate of -17.90%. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.43. 
2017-04-06
Hot Stock Overview: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)

Jefferies Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 10/21/16. The stock recently closed its previous session at $46.38 by showing a percentage change of 0.32% from its previous day closing price of $46.23.

Price Target is basically a projection of future price of a company s stock by the expert analysis of investment analysts or investment firms. There may be various price targets for a stock. These analysts and investment firms use various valuation methods to decide a price target for a stock.

Several investment firms issued their expert ratings on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) in which Needham Downgrades Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Hold with no specific Price Target on 10/18/16. MKM Partners Maintains the stock to Buy on 10/17/16 with no specific Price Target. Morgan Stanley Downgrades the company s stock to Equal-Weight on 7/26/16 by setting a price target of $42. Credit Suisse Maintains Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Neutral with a price target of $46.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently has a consensus Price Target of $48.11. While some analysts have a High Price target for the stock of $57 and a Low Price Target of $41.

Several sell side analysts reviewed their recommendations on Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) where 4 analyst have rated the stock as Strong Buy, 6 analysts said it s a Buy, 15 rated the stock as Hold, 0 analysts reported Underperform and 0 analysts gave their recommendations as Sell. (Current Month Yahoo Finance Ratings)

Zacks Investment Research also rated the stock with a value of 2.29. This scale runs from 1 to 5 where 1 represents Strong Buy and 5 represents Sell.

In the last Quarter, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) reported its Actual EPS of $0.25/share. The analysts offering Earnings Estimates for the company were believing that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) could bring EPS of $0.21/share. The difference between Actual EPS and Estimated EPS was 0.04 Percent. Thus the company showed an Earnings Surprise of 19 Percent.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has a market capitalization of 44.36 Billion. The stock traded with the volume of 4.83 Million shares in the last trading session. The stock touched its high share price of $47.19 on Mar 21, 2017 and the stock also touched its Lowest price in the last 52-weeks of trading on Jun 27, 2016 as $35.05. The company has a 1 Year high price target of $48.11. The stock is currently trading with a distance of 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) of 0.02%. The Moving Average SMA50 is 1.8% while SMA200 is 10.43%.

Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is currently showing its ROA (Return on Assets) of -0.4%. The Return on Investment (ROI) is at -1.6% while it s Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at -0.7%. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 19.94 percent while its Weekly performance value is -0.86%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are 1.42 percent and 26.51 percent respectively. The Relative Volume value measured for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is 0.71. The Average Volume (3 months) is 6.77 Million.

The stock currently has its Annual Dividend of $0 and an annual Dividend Yield of 0 Percent. YHOO has P/E (Price to Earnings ttm) value of 0, Forward P/E of 65.42, P/C (Price to cash per share) of 6.53 and Price to Free Cash Flow (P/FCF) value of 44.17. The stock is showing its Operating Margin of -12.5 percent.

Company Profile:

Yahoo! Inc. is a global Internet communications, commerce and media company that offers a comprehensive branded network of services. As one of the first online navigational guides to the World Wide Web, Yahoo! is one of the leading guides in terms of traffic, advertising, and household and business user reach. The company also provides online business and enterprise services designed to enhance the productivity and Web presence of Yahoo! s clients. All You Need To Know About Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Revealed Perfectly In The Charts The technicals for Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup. No trading or investing strategy can count itself as sound without a hardcore adherence to the examination of technical charts and data. This has been the historical and current basis for some of the biggest trading success stories in the markets and will continue so for a long time into the future.

(YHOO) has shown a marked change in trend levels over the course of recent market activity. Based on recent activity surrounding both the 50 and 200 SMAs, there s been a marked trend created which can be described as bullish. The composite picture painted by the trends built around both SMAs has also created a measured analysis of current investor sentiment as the stock navigates upside and downside risk. The established market sentiment toward the stock has created a trading environment which can suitably be described as positive. There has also been a knock-on effect as it relates to trading volume now reflected in weak real-time sentiment on the buying and selling curve; this has created in turn, indifference toward the stock as measured across a broad statistical mix of the general trading community.

As a composite and comprehensive tableau, the stock s position in the minds of the trading market reflects a broad analysis of technicals and inherent trends which underpin overall market-trading viability.

Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures are two very important leading indicators that help traders gauge overall movement of a particular stock; they act as boosters to technical analysis. Together they show in a measured way, whether or not a stock currently overbought or oversold. This indicator is crucial in determining whether traders are tipped toward the side of buying more of the stock, or doing the opposite and selling more of the stock. This is very important directional information necessary for making trading decisions. (YHOO) s current measure for its 14-day RSI is 54.72%; this is suggestive that on balance of the indicator, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture presents a complimentary view of overall sentiment in the present state for (YHOO). Stochastic data gathered over the last 30 days has created a score of 47.99%. This indicates that the stock is neither overbought or oversold at current levels.

The successful trader has within her or her arsenal a wide range of tools. The leading indicators mentioned above help make up that arsenal but they are by no means the only ones needed for trading success. Short term indicators, as well as performance indicators, can mean all the difference in executing successful trades. The omens depict a telling picture in terms of the near-term trading setup for (YHOO); this makes things very interesting to the curious and interested eye. The +0.40 has created a positive in the trailing 30 days since initiating movement. Over the extended term, the stock has outperform the S&P 500 by 10.92%. This consistent movement and its attendant overall performance have produced higher daily volatility when compared with other stocks ranking in the same peer group and on the same exchange. The picture looks the same when the stock is assessed against volatility levels measured historically. This historical volatility gives a current reading of 11.23%. These measures of historic volatility are very handy in judging the underlying price momentum and the rate of change in the price of (YHOO). Bound up this picture of volatility, is another measure that gives the underlying thesis for (YHOO). This can best be seen by analyzing the readings for the stock s average true range, currently 1.36. ATR is a fine augment to the other indicators outlined above and should be used in conjunction and not as a standalone. Is Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Finding Support or Hitting Resistance? With all other things going on, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been on a run   rising 15.78 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Yahoo! Inc. a neutral, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Yahoo! Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $2.12 below YHOO s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 26.51% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -1.75% from previous highs of around $47.19 per share on March 21, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 38.37% since hitting lows of $35.05 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $45.83 and $46.11. In terms of pullbacks, $46.79 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Yahoo! Inc. RSI was seen at 54.57. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has been put into a neutral territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for YHOO is 46.96. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) moved to around 50.94. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): From Top to Bottom Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $46.38, up from yesterday s close by 0.32%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

Money managers are always interested in a company that can find the right recipe of fundamental data because it reflects something important going on underneath the surface. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) currently trades with a market capitalization of $44.51 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 15.37 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For YHOO, the company currently has $1.17 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.01 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to hold steady in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.08 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 1.76% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

We ve taken a serious look at this stock from a fundamental perspective, but the tale of the tape may offer more hints about what lies under the surface. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Yahoo! Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $47.19. It is now trading 0.81% off that level. The stock is trading $45.61 its 50-day moving average by -0.77%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $35.05.

In recent action, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) has made a move of +0.87% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is outperforming the S&P 500 by 11.79, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 6.09% with $883.49 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of YHOO. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Entering in New Areas of Concerns As IBM (NYSE:IBM ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) showed itself as moving stock, fell -0.50% to trade at $46.15. A Canadian person blamed in a massive hack of Yahoo emails said Wednesday he ll live with his parents and forgo access to phones and any electronic equipment if he s allowed out on bail. Officials allege that KarimBaratov poses an  extremely high flight risk  because of his alleged ties to Russian agents.

But his lawyer AmedeoDiCarlo declared that Baratov has never been to Russia and he will not flee if freed on bail. Baratov arrived in court for his bail wearing a black shirt and sweat pants with his legs shackled. His parents provided him with a dress jacket.  Flight risk is the issue,  DiCarlo told reporters after arriving at the courthouse in a chauffeured Rolls Royce.  We are going to have measures put in place so that is not going to happen. 

Baratov s parents have agreed to act as their son s sureties. His father, AkhmetTokbergenov, has agreed to turn off the internet in the family home if the court requests it.  Believe me I will create such conditions that even jail will look like paradise to him,  Tokbergenov said in court through a Russian interpreter.

Baratov at age of 22, said he registered an internet business in 2014 that made about $81,000 ($110,000 Canadian) that year registering websites, renting web spaces and preventing hack attempts on web servers. He said he made less in in 2015 and 2016. He was not asked directly about the allegations against him. U.S. law enforcement officials call Baratov a  hacker-for-hire  paid by Russian Federal Security Service members. He has Kazakh origins, arriving in Canada in 2007 and becoming a citizen in 2011.

Baratov was arrested last month and faces extradition to the U.S. The breach at Yahoo affected at least a half billion user accounts. He was indicted in the United States for computer hacking along with three other people, including two alleged Russian intelligence agents. . Its total outstanding shares are 959.77 million shares and floated shares were 883.49 million.

Shares of International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) at the time when day-trade ended the stock finally dropped -0.26% to trade at $172.43. IBM (NYSE:IBM) declared that it plan to hire 2,000 veterans in the United States over the next four years, leaders from IBM, PNC Bank, Corporate America Supports You (CASY), a national non-profit that specializes in job placements for veterans, and the National Cyber-Forensics Training Alliance (NCFTA), a Pittsburgh-based non-profit that involves experts focused on identifying and mitigating cyber threats, joined forces to enlarge in Pittsburgh a free nationwide training initiative that will certify veterans in the use of IBM software widely used by law enforcement, cybersecurity, and national security agencies.

The Veteran Employment Accelerator program, spearheaded by IBM and CASY, provides returning service members with a free intensive week-long training, certification, as well as employment assistance. The program is designed to build in-demand technology skills to prepare veterans for  new collar  careers in the US   skilled positions, such as data and cybersecurity analysts, that do not always require four-year college degrees. Together with PNC, IBM recently held its second training session in Pittsburgh, with an upcoming training session planned for mid-April in Philadelphia. Nationwide, hundreds of U.S. veterans are expected to participate in the program this year.

IBM s VP of Global Citizenship Initiatives, Diane Melley stated that they thank hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvania veterans for their service to our country. These men and women have unique talents and skill sets that make them a natural fit for some of the technology industry s fast-growing fields, from cybersecurity to data analytics.  Veterans cultivate skills in the military that are invaluable in the workplace. This program is designed to hone our local veterans  expertise by equipping them with software certification and job placement assistance in high-growth, new collar careers.  Shares price isolated negatively from its 50 days moving average with -2.61% and remote positively from 200 days moving average with 6.41%. Why These Stocks Are Winning Picks Now? - Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Southwest ... Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares ended at $46.38 with 4.83 mln shares exchanging hands. That puts the market capitalization at $44.51 bln. It opened the session with a $46.41 price tag, later ranging from $46.24 to $46.92, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly -1.72% off versus the 52-week high and 32.33% away from the 52-week low. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 959.77 mln.

Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $47.95 on the shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO). The consensus rating is 2.4, suggesting the market has given up on the stock. It has been assigned a low target price of $41 and a high target price of $57.

The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 10.43% away from its 200-day simple moving average, 1.8%, away from the 50-day average and also 0.02% away from 20-day average.

For this year, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is performing 19.94%. Over the past five trading sessions it is -0.86%; 1.42% for the month; 15.78% for the last quarter; 7.41% for the past six-months; and 26.51% for the last 12 months. The last close places the company s stock about $0.81 off its 52 week high of $47.19 and $11.33 above the 52 week low of $35.05.

Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE:LUV) closed up +0.28 points or 0.53% at $53.35 with 4.79 mln shares exchanging hands. Current price level places the company s stock about -10.45% from the 52-week high and 51.62% away from the 52-week low. Sell-side analyst recommendations point to a short term price target of $60.88 on the company shares. The consensus rating is 1.9, indicating analysts in general look favorably on the company s future prospects. It has been assigned a low target price of $47 and a high target price of $65.

Southwest Airlines Co. (LUV) opened the session with a $53.49 price tag, later ranging from $53.3 to $54.41, the range at which the stock has traded at throughout the day. The stock stands nearly $6.19 off versus the 52-week high of $59.68 and $18.07 above the 52-week low of $35.42. The number of shares currently owned by investors are 618 mln. The current price change puts the market capitalization at $32.97 bln.

In an overview of the current analyst recommendations, Buy count is 11 and Overweight is 2 while the number of analysts recommending Sell and Underweight are 0 and 0, respectively. Also, the Hold rating count is 6 as of 04/05/17. The analyst recommendations from a month ago are 11 Buy, 2 Overweight, 0 Sell, 6 Hold and 0 Underweight. Investors might also notice that three month ago the Buy recommendations (11) outnumbered Sell recommendations (0). The count of Hold ratings in that period was 6.

Over the past five trading sessions shares of Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE:LUV) are -0.24%; -6.12% for the month; 4.18% for the last quarter; 36.76% for the past six-months; and 23.27% for the last 12 months. The current price is staying above the SMA lines which signify strength and is generally healthy/positive and may provide the momentum for driving the share price higher. Current price places the company s stock 18.27% away from its 200-day simple moving average, -2.28%, away from the 50-day average and also -0.83% away from 20-day average. The stock is performing 7.23% year to date. Chasing Hot Stocks- Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), SLM Corp (NASDAQ:SLM) Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) traded at a yearly high level of $47.19 during the last trading session. The last session s volume of 4.84 million shares was lower than its average volume of 5.69 million shares. The stock, after opening at $46.41, closed at $46.38 by scoring 0.32%. The total market capitalization remained at $44.19 billion.

The stock showed weekly downbeat performance of -0.86%, which was maintained for the month at 1.42%. Likewise, the positive performance for the quarter was recorded as 15.78% and for the year was 26.51%, while the YTD performance remained at 19.94%.

Its last month s stock price volatility remained 1.12% which for the week stands at 1.31%. The share price has moved forward from its 20 days moving average 0.02% and positively from its 50 days moving average 1.80%.

SLM Corp (NASDAQ:SLM), after opening at $12.05, closed at $11.57 by scoring -2.77%. The last session s volume of 2.56 million shares was lower than its average volume of 3.30 million shares.

The stock was able to keep return on assets at 1.48% in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at -3.78% and sector s optimum level is 2.44%.

Turning to market valuation, the P/E ratio is 21.87, the P/S ratio is 4.73 and the P/B ratio is finally 2.78. The stock is up 4.99% in this year through last close, and the beta ratio has a value of 1.23. Sallie Mae (SLM), formally SLM Corporation, declared a call for redemption of the outstanding 3,300,000 shares of its 6.97 percent Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series A (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). The Series A Preferred Stock will receive its next quarterly dividend payment on May 1, 2017, and be redeemed on May 5, 2017, at a price of $50.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends from May 1, 2017, to, but apart from, the May 5, 2017, redemption date. Telecom Stock Roundup: Verizon Likely to Offer Live TV Streaming Service, AT&T ... The past week witnessed several key developments within the telecom industry.

U.S. telecom giant Verizon Communications Inc. VZ) is likely to start an online TV streaming service this summer, according to a recent Bloomberg report. The company has decided to come up with dozens of channels nationwide for the new service. Management is currently negotiating with several TV network owners to secure online streaming rights.

Moreover, Verizon is planning to unite AOL Inc. with Yahoo Inc.'s YHOO core Internet assets under one umbrella called - Oath.Notably this news too was brought to light by Bloomberg . Oath is expected to be Verizon's new company overseeing Yahoo and AOL, including more than 20 brands.

U.S. telecom giant AT&T Inc. T was recently selected by the First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet) to build and manage the first nationwide broadband network dedicated to America's police, firefighters and emergency medical services. The network will cover all 50 states, five U.S. territories and the District of Columbia, including rural communities and tribal lands in those states and territories.AT&T's consortium to deploy FirstNet includes Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI , General Dynamics Corp. GD , Sapient Consulting and Inmarsat Government.

Recently, AT&T consolidated its federal, state and local public sector operations into one Global Public Sector organization. Kay Kapoor, the company's key executive of the federal business division, will head the new organization.AT&T's Public Sector sales were nearly $15 billion in 2016. Per a recent FierceCable report, AT&T's subsidiary DIRECTV has lost access to 12 local channels owing to subscription fee-related disputes with Lilly Broadcasting L.L.C. AT&T currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here .

Meanwhile, leading cable MSO (multi service operator) and media and entertainment firm, Comcast Corp. CMCSA has decided to offer Xfinity Internet Services in form of a prepaid plan called Xfinity Prepaid Internet Service to all its Xfinity users in its network, with 10 Mbps download speed and 1 Mbps upload speed.Comcast's Xfinity Prepaid Internet Service comes as a 'pay-as-you-go' offering, along with a partnership with Sprint Corp.'s S Boost Mobile prepaid brand.

Recently, leading cable MSO Charter Communications Inc. CHTR received some respite after telecom regulator Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted to reverse a stringent condition imposed by the previous regime under Obama administration. The telecom regulatory bodydropped overbuild requirement for high-speed broadband network as a precondition for the company's previous acquisitions of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks LLC.

Read the last Telecom Stock Roundup for Mar 30, 2017 .

Recap of the Week's Most Important Stories

1. Verizon offers fiber-optic based FiOS TV services to residential customers. This service is similar to that of cable TV operator's traditional video offerings. In 2015, the company launched go90, a YouTube-like streaming-video service aimed at teenagers. However, the new online streaming video service will be separate from the previous two offerings as it will compete with established low-cost streaming video services. (Read more: Is Verizon Considering Online TV Streaming Service Launch? )

2. As part of the 25-year contract, FirstNet will provide AT&T with a swath of 20 MHz of spectrum in the 700 MHz frequency band for the entire duration. AT&T will also be given success-based payments of $6.5 billion over the next five years to design and build the network. The company is expected to spend around $40 billion over the life of the contract to build, deploy, operate and maintain the network. AT&T has projected that this contract will create more than 10,000 jobs over the next two years. (Read more: AT&T Wins Nationwide First Responder Network Contract )

3. For quite some time now, Verizon has been gearing up to acquire major companies in the digital media space. The company is systematically diversifying its business model into the digital media platform, targeting the lucrative segments of digital media, advertising and content creation as well as distribution. Further, we believe that the combination of Yahoo and AOL should help Verizon sell more digital advertisements and create a major player in the mobile media and advertising space. (Read more: Will Verizon Bind AOL & Yahoo Assets by an 'Oath'? )

4. AT&T's Public Sector sales were nearly $15 billion in 2016. The organization provides advanced information and communications technology services to government and education customers across federal, state, local and international public sector markets. Public sector agencies are increasingly migrating from legacy TDM to IP-based cloud and Ethernet services. (Read more: AT&T Forms a New Global Public Sector Organization )

5. Comcast claims that its prepaid internet service will be both cost-effective and customer-friendly. The company's prepaid service could also be a good alternative to hotspot products, in some cases. Xfinity Internet offering comes in the form of an annual contract-free or credit free service and is also available online. Notably, contract-free and credit-check-free or deposit-free prepaid schemes have become a new trend in the pay-TV industry. (Read more: Will Comcast Xfinity Service be Appealing as a Prepaid Plan? )

Price Performance

The following table shows the price movement of major telecom players over the past week and last six months.

Company Last Week Last 6 Months VZ -1.21% -2.47% T 0.27% 6.14% S -0.94% 28.79% TMUS -1.46% 39.56% CHTR 1.85% 23.80% TEF -0.90% 11.94% AMX -2.74% 23.57% CMCSA 0.27% 14.17% DISH 0.91% 13.10%

In the last five trading sessions, share price movement of most of the major telecom stocks witnessed a mixed trend. None of these stocks reflected any significant uptrend or downtrend in the aforesaid time frame.

However, in the last six months, the price performances of the major telecom stocks were positive barring Verizon. Among the stocks that gained substantially are T-Mobile US (39.56%), Sprint (28.79%), Charter Communications (23.80%), America Movil (23.57%), Comcast (14.17%), DISH Network (13.10%) and Telefonica (11.94%).

What's Next in the Telecom Space?

In the next week, Canadian telecom behemoth Shaw Communications will release second quarter of fiscal 2017 financial results. Except this,we do not foresee any significant changes in the telecom industry or overall global economic factors that can affect the industry in the coming week. Consequently, we expect stocks to trade in line with the broader market.

Now See Our Private Investment Ideas

While the above ideas are being shared with the public, other trades are hidden from everyone but selected members. Would you like to peek behind the curtain and view them? Starting today, for the next month, you can follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time from value to momentum . . . from stocks under $10 to ETF and option moves . . . from insider trades to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises (we've called them with 80%+ accuracy). You can even look inside portfolios so exclusive that they are normally closed to new investors. Click here for Zacks' secret trades >>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Jamie Dimon warns tech users: 'You have no idea what you agreed to. I do.' JPMorgan Chase is teaming up with Intuit to make sure your financial data isn t being sold without your permission, since no one reads terms of service agreements. Source: AP

 You think you re studious? You re not,  JPMorgan (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon told a crowd of MBA students at a joint town hall put on by JPMorgan and Yahoo Finance.  How many of you use Mint, Google, Apple, Amazon, Digit, any one of those things. Raise your hands. 

The crowd raised their hands.

 When you pushed that button and said  I agree,  you have no idea what you agreed to. I do. 

Dimon s demonstration wasn t just a lesson in reading fine print to the young capitalists in the room. It was an illustration of how foggy the tech world can be when it comes to your data. When most people sign up for an app or service, they head straight for the  agree  button.

 A lot of you gave your bank passcodes away,  said Dimon.  Are you aware you gave your bank passcode away?  A lot can be thrown into an agreement you scroll through (or ignore completely), and since you can t negotiate or cross out terms of service, it s the company s way or the highway. Because disagreement is not an option if you want to use the app, companies have tremendous leeway to insert whatever terms they want. For example, agreeing to settle disputes in arbitration instead of court, or the ability for sites like Facebook or Google to sell your data.

Technically, it s with your permission, because you signed the terms of service.

According to Dimon, this blank check consumers give certain services means that big problems can occur when something goes wrong.  If you have $20,000 in a bank account and it s stolen from JPM, you re good. By law. If it s stolen another way, you re not or maybe not.  A big problem, he added, is that you may have given banks and integrated services the right to sell your data years ago.  They re still taking that data every day and they re selling it every day. Where you eat, what you did, what hotels you stayed in, all those various data you put in there,  Dimon said.

Today more third parties and apps integrate with banks and financial services to track expenses and help users budget. Dimon expects the agreements users sign to make this synergy possible will be more exposed to the light of day, instead of hiding in the fine print.  Eventually, you should be able to go on your mobile, look at the data that s being shared, and decide what to share, how to share it, when to share it so you can turn it off,  he said.

Dimon wasn t just complaining about unscrupulousness in his industry and issues with data and privacy, a theme that was in his 2015 letter. He was on message. In January, JPMorgan Chase and Intuit (INTU) announced a partnership to roll out these changes, giving consumers control over how their data is used.  I want to build something that s really good for the customer that you say  I love that. I control my data and you give me a way to turn it on and off,   he said.  So I think this is going to become a much bigger deal for the American public. 

Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Got a tip? Send it to tips@yahoo-inc.com.

Read more:

Subprime auto loans too small to be a big problem, says Dimon

An interesting market sign says private jet sales may be about to take off

Democrats found a way to speak Trump s language

What Trump s intriguing Nafta changes say about his other promises

Facebook s copy of Snap stories is a reminder of a Silicon Valley hard truth

The trick to getting credit card fees waived? Just ask

These two companies lobby to make your taxes way harder

Chase s Sapphire Reserve is very worth it, even with its slashed bonus 
